Once you hear it, you can't un-hear it. It will be forever with you. Just a warning.
It's not a secret that a lot of popular music is unoriginal. In fact, science has proven it: The combinations of notes in pop songs have been losing diversity consistently over the last 50 years. Popular songwriters, producers, and record labels found a formula people like, and the result is many hit songs sound the same.
For example, hundreds of recent pop songs feature the same chord progression, parodied by Australian musical comedy group The Axis of Awesome in their 2009 song “4 Chords” (newer performances of the song include more examples of the progression in the years since). And most mainstream American country music not only sounds similar but is linguistically homogenous (blue jeans, drinking beer, pick-up trucks).
This latest phenomenon, though, is a much more specific musical trope.
The same exact whooping, melodic sequence has been showing up in a surprisingly high number of recent pop songs. The phenomenon was first noticed by musician and product manager Patrick Metzger. He detailed the trend, dubbing it “The Millennial Whoop,” in a post on his blog, The Patterning. Here's how Metzger described it:
It's a sequence of notes that alternates between the fifth and third notes of a major scale, typically starting on the fifth. The rhythm is usually straight 8th-notes, but it may start on the downbeat or on the upbeat in different songs. A singer usually belts these notes with an “Oh” phoneme, often in a “Wa-oh-wa-oh” pattern. And it is in so many pop songs it's criminal.
The pattern is unmistakable when you hear it. As soon as you do, you'll realize that you've heard it before, in countless other songs. Here it is right at the beginning (0:04) and in every chorus of Owl City and Carly Rae Jepsen's chart-topping hit “Good Time”:
🎤 Woah-oh-oh-oh woah-oh-oh-oh. 🎤
And here it is in Demi Lovato's “Really Don't Care” (at 1:00):
Here are some more songs with the whoop (and the time in each song when it appears) that Metzger and commenters on his blog identified:
While millennials may have popularized the whoop, it seems to have roots as far back as the 1980s, in songs like Morris Day and the Time's “Jungle Love” (0:38) and Baltimora's “Tarzan Boy” (1:44). Whoop whoop.
Auburn University will implement a plan initiated by the College of Engineering to close its Department of Polymer and Fiber Engineering, following approval by the Board of Trustees at its regularly scheduled June 5 meeting. In adopting a resolution submitted by the Academic Affairs Committee, the action would close the department effective August 15, as well as phase out the bachelor's degree program in polymer and fiber engineering.
“This move has been studied very carefully at all levels within the university, and is motivated by fundamental changes that have occurred within the College of Engineering, as well as in the regional industry base,” Dean of Engineering Christopher B. Roberts said. “Foremost among This is the continued diminishment of enrollments in the polymer and fiber program, and the need to align our resources with emerging enrollment trends.”
In concert with the board action, the College of Engineering will no longer accept new students to the program. At the same time, those currently enrolled in the program will be given the opportunity to finish their studies in polymer and fiber engineering. The college will also continue to maintain graduate programs in the field.
“Auburn University is committed to supporting students currently enrolled in the program, as well as helping them to achieve their goals and pursue successful careers in engineering,” University Provost Timothy Boosinger noted.
The College of Engineering is in the process of reaching out to all polymer and fiber students to ensure that they continue to progress toward their degrees. Faculty within the department will be reassigned to other areas within the College of Engineering, in order that their areas of expertise may be fully utilized teaching a wider base of students.
The College of Engineering will continue to offer specialized coursework at the graduate level among several of its departments through the planned creation of an interdisciplinary Center for Polymer and Composite Engineering.
“The history of this program, which began as the Department of Textile Engineering, has been one of accomplishment and has graduated a significant number of distinguished alumni,” Roberts points out. “At the same time, we are facing new challenges as we move ahead to meet emerging opportunities.”
Once you have one app open, you just need to hold down the task switcher button in Android N to enable the split screen view. The app you're viewing gets pushed to the left, and any other apps you open show up on the right. Once you're properly multitasking, tapping the task switcher quickly lets you hop between apps on the right side of the screen. Each app takes up half of the screen by default, but you can adjust their width with a slider in the middle of the screen. (And yes, it sure does look similar to Windows 8's "snap" multitasking feature.)
In portrait mode, the split-screen feature moves apps to the top and bottom of the screen. While it's nice to have that option, it's honestly a lot less compelling than having apps run side-by-side in landscape. But I wouldn't judge Google too harshly though, even Apple and Microsoft haven't managed to make portrait multitasking a great experience. (Or maybe portrait mode is simply best suited for full screen apps.)
As someone who was pretty disappointed by the Pixel C, I was surprised by just how much the addition of decent multitasking changed my experience with it. Instead of feeling like a perpetually limited productivity device, Android N's split screen feature makes the Pixel C feel more like a full-fledged PC. I was able to write this post on one side of the screen while browsing on Chrome on the other, for example. I could also chat with my friends on Hangouts while trying to catch up with email. These are basic tasks for any computer, but it feels like a whole new world for Android devices.
Google was undeniable inspired by Samsung's split-screen app implementation, but it's in good company. Even Apple seemed to lift some ideas from its Korean rival when it came to iOS 9.
There's certainly room for improvement. I'd love a faster way to swap apps between the left and right sides of the screen. And I hope that Google adds some keyboard shortcuts eventually -- just imagine moving around Android with the swiftness of hitting "Alt + Tab" on Windows.
The Pixel C is still a problematic device, to be sure. But it's at least far more usable with Android N. And now that Google is offering it at a 25% discount, it's now a much more compelling Android tablet.
Can an old head injury suddenly cause detrimental effects much later in life?
—Anonymous, via e-mail
Douglas Smith, professor of neurosurgery and director of the Center for Brain Injury and Repair at the University of Pennsylvania, answers:
ALTHOUGH A BRAIN INJURY from a car accident or a collision during a football game often seems to cause a sudden change to cognitive ability years later, this change does not just appear out of the blue—the damage has been building up slowly, unnoticed, over time.
Postinjury, the progressive brain deterioration that may occur likely reaches a tipping point, after which the loss of function “suddenly” becomes obvious. Depending on the type and severity of the traumatic brain injury (TBI), it can accelerate memory loss or increase a person's chance of succumbing to Alzheimer's disease.
TBI commonly damages nerve fibers in the brain called axons. These thin, tubelike structures transmit electrical and chemical signals that are vital for carrying information among different regions of the brain. For unknown reasons, these fragile structures not only disconnect shortly after injury but can continue to disconnect even for decades later in some patients. Once disconnected, the blunt end of an axon seals itself off, swells with fluids, enzymes and proteins and eventually bursts. When axons burst open, they often distribute amyloid proteins through the neighboring brain tissue. These sticky proteins are a hallmark of Alzheimer's, and in fact many TBI patients exhibit signs of dementia later in life that mimic the deterioration observed in Alzheimer's patients.
In addition, with axons disappearing or not functioning well after TBI, a person's ability to process new information may slow down. Surviving axons may compensate for the damage by increasing electrical signaling and thus restoring the normal speed of information processing in the brain. This temporary fix, however, can cause these axons to become even more sensitive to damage if a second concussion occurs.
Most people with TBI will have progressive axonal damage, but it is difficult to predict who will suffer from cognitive changes years later. TBIs have a devastating effect on society, with more than 1.5 million cases documented in the U.S. every year. Currently no therapies exist for either short- or long-term damage, which means for now the best treatment is protection and prevention.
What is the memory capacity of the human brain? Is there a physical limit to the amount of information it can store?
—J. Hawes, Huntington Beach, Calif.
Paul Reber, professor of psychology at Northwestern University, replies:
"MR. OSBORNE, may I be excused? My brain is full,” a student with a particularly tiny head asks his classroom teacher in a classic Far Side comic by Gary Larson. The deadpan answer to this question would be, “No, your brain is almost certainly not full.” Although there must be a physical limit to how many memories we can store, it is extremely large. We don't have to worry about running out of space in our lifetime.
The human brain consists of about one billion neurons. Each neuron forms about 1,000 connections to other neurons, amounting to more than a trillion connections. If each neuron could only help store a single memory, running out of space would be a problem. You might have only a few gigabytes of storage space, similar to the space in an iPod or a USB flash drive. Yet neurons combine so that each one helps with many memories at a time, exponentially increasing the brain's memory storage capacity to something closer to around 2.5 petabytes (or a million gigabytes). For comparison, if your brain worked like a digital video recorder in a television, 2.5 petabytes would be enough to hold three million hours of TV shows. You would have to leave the TV running continuously for more than 300 years to use up all that storage.
The brain's exact storage capacity for memories is difficult to calculate. First, we do not know how to measure the size of a memory. Second, certain memories involve more details and thus take up more space; other memories are forgotten and thus free up space. Additionally, some information is just not worth remembering in the first place.
This is good news because our brain can keep up as we seek new experiences over our lifetime. If the human life span were significantly extended, could we fill our brains? I'm not sure. Ask me again in 100 years.
A notice on the door to Super Liquor Anderson's Bay in Dunedin.
A Dunedin liquor store has been hit with a record 21-day off-licence suspension after booze was sold to a minor.
Super Liquor Anderson's Bay has been suspended for selling alcohol from Monday August 10 until August 31 following a failed controlled purchase operation, with the decision understood to be the longest suspension in Dunedin's history.
That operation involved a pair of 16-year-old volunteers, who did not have identification, buying alcohol on Friday, October 24, about 9.30pm.
Super Liquor Anderson's Bay in Dunedin has been slapped with a record 21-day closure after it failed a controlled purchase operation.
They took a four pack of RTDs to the counter, and were not asked for their age or for any identification by the duty manager.
Before the Alcohol Regulatory and Licensing Authority on July 13, it was stated the duty manager had suffered a head injury - knocking her head on the garage door - shortly before the controlled purchase operation.
The Authority was told the duty manager "felt very light-headed, dizzy and confused and it was in this state that she served the volunteers".
The 19-year-old duty manager, who is six and a half months pregnant, was later driven to hospital by her mother.
However, Sergeant Ian Paulin said it was a small graze and not a significant head injury, and there was no documentary evidence supporting her visit to hospital.
He noted it was the second failure of the Anderson's Bay premise in two years, while the director and shareholder of the company which owned the store, Patricia and Kenneth McCarthy, also were directors and shareholders in several other companies.
There had been five previous controlled purchase operation failures by these companies in Dunedin since December 2007.
Patricia McCarthy said her company had zero tolerance for managers committing any breaches of the Act.
She confirmed that at the stores a till prompt asked for a date of birth before a sale proceeded; however, she conceded that could be overridden.
After the last failed controlled purchase operation, the Authority warned any future transgressions would be dealt with on a "cumulative basis as this would involve systemic problems".
In his decision, Judge JJ Weir suspended the off-licence for the Andersons Bay Rd store and suspended the duty manager's certificate for one month beginning on Monday, August 10, 2015.
McCarthy said her company, duty manager, and lawyer were yet to receive the decision in writing, with the business opening as normal on Monday morning until she was contacted by a local liquor inspector.
"We are going to appeal the decision," she said.
Note: Story updated here.
Some big bad wolf huffed and puffed and blew down a couple of 4-story stick-framed townhomes under construction at the corner of Heights Blvd. and 2nd St. around midnight Saturday night. Several readers have written in with accounts and photos, and a source close to the action reports that no one was hurt. A few neighboring garage doors on completed (and occupied) townhomes were damaged by wayward wall parts, however, and the driveway shared by new owners in the Madison Park complex was blocked by a Three Little Pigs–worthy pile of studs, which was cleared out of the way the following day by the builder, Keystone Classic Homes.
***
The bank of 8 townhomes just south of White Oak Bayou, set to put their best blank-fence faces up to Heights Blvd., had been listed for sale; both the website for the development and a banner posted on the construction fence indicate that 4 of them had already been sold. Four of them are listed as “pending” on MLS, with asking prices between $329,900 and $349,000.
The address of the bank of townhomes where the collapse occurred is 103-117 E. 2nd St. According to one reader, the framing for 2 of the homes had been completed up to 4 stories, but no sheathing had been attached. Those are the 2 structures that toppled, but an onlooker reports no other construction in the area appears to have been affected.
Was the weekend storm to blame? Our readers doubt it: “I saw videos of hail and flooding conditions down on near Brays Bayou and the Medical district but the storm was not as bad as that by any means here,” reports one. The water in neighboring White Oak Bayou stayed in the concrete channel. “The weather was not that bad,” reports another. “There are lots of buildings in the area being built by other builders and still in the wood frame phase of construction and they held up perfectly fine.” The collapse reportedly occurred about an hour after the storm had passed through the area.
Photos: Swamplot inbox. Site plan and rendering: Keystone Classic Homes
by
Subscribe to our RSS feed to get the latest realty news. You can get our headlines via email as well, or follow us on Twitter.
Pop star and sex symbol Rihanna has launched a lawsuit against the real estate company which sold her Beverly Hills mansion to her, claiming the property has been left uninhabitable due to a number of serious structural defects.
Rihanna accuses the agency, Prudential California Realty, of not disclosing the property's defects before she agreed to purchase it. She says that heavy rain caused water to leak into the 10,000 sq. foot mansion from a second floor balcony that doesn't have suitable drainage, before seeping into a number of rooms in the house.
The lawsuit charges the seller with failing to properly disclose defects in the mansion before the sale was agreed. She's also accusing Prudential California Realty of failing to perform due diligence on the property, and says that it should have provided her with sales information regarding similar properties in the area. The agency should have known about the property's “extensive construction defects”, says Rihanna.
The pop star is also suing Landmark Design Group, the firm she hired to remodel the home, saying it failed to carry out repairs to the defects.
Had she known of the defects in the home, Rihanna claims she wouldn't have agreed to pay the $6.9 million asking price for the home back in 2009.
So far, both Prudential and Landmark have declined to comment on the lawsuit.
Luis Sandoval catches up with junior welterweight contender Brandon Rios to discuss his upcoming rematch with Mike Alvarado, and then Rios goes off on the subject of Adrien Broner.
[QUOTE=ROSS CALIFORNIA;13088750]Rios and Broner are both bad ass fighters and great for our sport. They both come to knock you out and are willing to take the risk. Too bad their promoters are feuding. That's what's killing boxing. That's what…
Rios and Broner are both bad ass fighters and great for our sport. They both come to knock you out and are willing to take the risk. Too bad their promoters are feuding. That's what's killing boxing. That's what you…
It really is pleasing to listen to Rios be interviewed. He keeps it real as real can get. And i donated 100.00 to momentum 4 life. Its good he does so much for the Kids.
hey phil, i was just saying that about rios... imagine in 5 years how bad that slur will be? i know you got to give to get but bam bam has been hit really hard already by fighters and has…
WOW!!...Bam got the slurs...smh...not cool!!
“When I first started, I was just concerned with getting kids off the streets during my watch as town manager, but somewhere in the years since then, the program has changed me. I don't know where, don't know when, but I started trying to see the world through the eyes of these youths, and I didn't like what I saw.” — G Van Standifer, creator of the first midnight basketball program.
Nothing about newly elected Mayor Kenny Alexander's crime prevention initiative is new.
Not the name, which has adorned a myriad of teams and programs throughout the decades — the most famous of which is a now defunct arena league football team which used to play in the Scope. Not the idea, which originated in the mind of a Prince George County town manager back in 1986.
If there's anything even remotely novel about Norfolk's Nighthawks it lies in the the level of commitment on the part of our fair city of the cannonball to seek out methods of preventing young adults from killing each other. The idea is simple enough: Give young men in crime ridden neighborhoods something to do during the hours they're most likely to get killed. Use basketball to lure them off the street, and while you have them use that time as an opportunity to provide workshops focusing on skills that will improve their odds for a better life. In many ways it's fitting that a city like Norfolk, a city that is arguably the cradle of the state of Virginia, draws upon lessons learned in a program that started a mere 70 miles away. A program that spawned countless iterations all across the country some thirty years ago and provoked national dialogue about crime and urban youth. Instead, the money went towards locking them up.
Of course, those with short memories may forget the political hot potato midnight basketball became as debate raged over Bill Clinton's 1994 crime bill. Critics derided programs utilizing late night sporting events as bribes to criminals. Liberal proponents of the concept pointed towards lowered crime rates as a direct result. As conservatives seized control of most of our government, funding to divert at risk youth from crime largely went the way of passenger pigeons. That is to say: it vanished from the face of the earth.
I took a few hours to visit the two sites in Norfolk running the program. I left buoyed by what I witnessed. Young men, playing hard. Young men. Who, when they fell to the floor? Got back up. Competitive men. Who, when they caught a stray elbow in a tough game? Shook it off. I saw camaraderie and teamwork. I saw men with futures. I saw the beginning of something that may well grow into greatness.
I believe there's possibility here. Will programs like this correct the issues that create crime in the first place? Well, no. We've much work to do in the areas of economic expansion and social justice before we start to see further advancement in that arena. But if midnight basketball can help keep young black men alive until we do begin to make real progress in this city? It's a start. And not a bad start at that.
Well done, Mr. Mayor. Now keep it going.
“Midnight basketball was described as paying money so that crackheads could play basketball in the middle of the night. What they left out was the fact that every time they put midnight basketball in a neighborhood, the crime rate plummeted. You saved more money than you spent on the midnight basketball. They left that part out.” — Representative Bobby Scott, speaking on the failures of the 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act and critics of social programs of the early to mid 90s
“… there was no empirical information, scholarly or otherwise, publicly available on midnight basketball at the time. This is a crucial point for it suggests that the debate over midnight basketball was driven not by facts about the structure or effectiveness of such programs. It was about something else, something other than midnight basketball altogether. It was a symbol or shorthand for other, larger issues implicated in the massive crime bill initiative. The 1994 debate over midnight basketball was, in short, a textbook example of “symbolic politics” at work.” — Midnight Basketball and the 1984 Crime Bill Debates: The Operation of a Racial Code. The Sociological Quarterly, 2007. Darren Wheelock & Douglas Hartmann
“Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.” — Muhammad Ali
“We can have no progress without change, whether it be basketball or anything else.” — John Wooden
“He who does not prevent a crime when he can, encourages it.” — Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Facebook Comments
Special "Roll Tides" to lonemdg, *Name Redacted* AKA CJ, and those of you who didn't provide names for hunting down and submitting these meltdowns, and also to everyone who has contributed over the course of the season. Meltdown Time would have died if not for y'all's efforts, so give yourselves a pat on the back from us and know that you are appreciated. With that in mind, let's enjoy some Irish tears.
WARNING: There is vulgarity of every stripe ahead, including (but not limited to) dirty words, potty humor, and sexual innuendo. If you are offended by those things or just easily offended at all, do not continue on. You have been warned.
I have officially hit my breaking point on hearing about Alabama's "superiority." For 44 long days, I've put up with it. But watching every single ESPN talking head pick the Tide has finally pushed me over the edge. I want Notre Dame to come out and punch Alabama in the mouth – not just for us, but for every non-SEC team that's been branded as "inferior" or "slower" or "less physical." It's time to end this damn streak, and it's time for Notre Dame to sit atop the college world once again.
I think very few of us are really nervous. I know im not
still just can't believe it, can't believe this is the year, for those of us like me who haven't been alive long enough to see the last ND championship, it's been a long wait, yet after following this team all year, there is no doubt in my mind they win this game, no doubt.
Desmond has only picked against us .. . oh, 10 times so far this year. F' him; I'm glad he went with Bama.
Bama looks scared. We don't
Barrett Jones looks diabetic.
We're just getting 'em into the Red Zone. Where we do best.
Actually I bet getting scored on like that will help ND settle down. Sometimes the best way to get over jitters is to let some of what you're worried about just happen to you so you can move on.
Hey guys, welcome to the BCS love with the SEC. Straight BS!!!
14-0 and we haven't even run the ball yet. ****!
This is flat out embarassing. We look like crap. Come on guys Man up! We can play offense, defense, out coached in 8 minutes. Here go all the people saying we told you so! Man Come on Manti, you are missing tackles and now missed the TE on the TD. Manziel stepped up, you have to also. This is not good. Come on guys! Man up. NOw we have 3.5 quarters to outscore them by 15.
Piss on the dog people and put out the fire This is HORRIBLE
Well fellas I'll tell ya what... The refs have already takin this one away if we can't overcome these mother......s we already lost!
I never thought we would come out flat like this. Alabama is not this good. We are just lifting up our skirts and letting them take what they want.
I can't believe I'm about to say this, but thank God I'm unemployed and don't have to hear all the heckling that tomorrow would bring if we lose... I can just crawl up and pretend we won.
Outmanned...outgunned...outcoached. This is pathetic and truly embarrassing. I'm not a chicken little typically but this game is going to be a route.
I want to punch Sabin in his stupid pompous face!
The best part of this *** rape is that they're going to replay it on espn classic for the next year.
This is the most embarrased I have ever been as an Irish fan.
Agree. 3-9 was nothing compared to this. Navy, Tulsa, Syracuse, UConn... nothing.
WHAT THE FVCK IS GOING ON HERE!!!!!
Nick Saban>>>>Brian Kelly and it's showing. Alabama has come to play. Notre Dame well...I'm not sure yet what they've come to do. If we ever make it to the NCG again under Kelly...whatever he did this time he should not do that and do the opposite.
Saban is the Devil, going for our throats
Not only is the defense getting embarrassed, but we can't even get a first down. Every single thing the SEC trolls and honks said has been 100% true.
i have no idea what to say. we're just playing like asshats and thats all there is to it
Welp... I'm glad I didn't let my wife spend $3K to take me to the game...
For the LOVE of GOD TACKLE SOMEONE...Anyone...Each Other...Something
Is it too late to deferr to next year?
Winning a BCS bowl against NIU or K-State is 100x better than this.
FUCKING COME ON
Oh God the secondary...
Lacy has zero fucks to give
lol, ND shitting themselves
how the fuck did Yeldon get that much
IT'S OKAY. YOU PLAY THE GAME FOR 60 MINUTES. WE ARE OKAY.
So why is Nebraska's defense playing in Navy tonight?
I knew we were in for this with Pac-12 refs..
lol the game isn't fixed. Pac-12 refs gonna Pac-12
PAC 12 REFS FUCKING UP THIS GAME
LOL, no one game should have all this refball
bad officiating....but if we can't stop lacy I can't fucking bitch....LET ME FUCKING BITCH DEFENSE GOD DAMN
I FORGOT ABOUT THE PAC 12 REF THING. WE ALL GETTIN CALLED FOR PASS INTERFERENCE TONIGHT!
PAC 12 REFS LADIES AND Gentlemen
Fix is in homies.
PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS PAC 12 REFS
nice heisman tackle there
HOLY FUCK WE TACKLED LACY
Lacy straight fucking me in the asshole
Damn, I figured ND would at least keep it respectable in the first half.
GO HOME NOTRE DAME YOU'RE DRUNK
just give lacy MVP now
DROPBACK TE'O
WHO TURNED ON THE BIG TEN CHAMPIONSHIP?
THIS IS WHY THIS FUCKING GAME SHOULD BE PLAYED ON A GOD DAMN SATURDAY! ND WINS? I GET FUCKING WASTED! BAMA WINS? I GET FUCKING WASTED EVEN WORSE! BRADE HOKE COMES OUT ON A SCISSOR LIFT AND DOES A RANDY SAVAGE-ESQUE ELBOW DROP OFF OF IT ONTO BRIAN KELLY? I GET FUCKING WASTED AND GO TO THE HOSPITAL FOR ALCOHOL POISONING! AND I DON'T MISS WORK!
well this is over. anything else good on?
This is absolutely pathetic. Western Carolina probably played Alabama tougher than this.
Notre Dame needs a cheetah taped to their back.
Fucking tackling
How does it work
hey look, NDs the best defensive player makes a TFL.
Manti.....that means "tackle for loss", just so you know. I don't want you to be the only one here who didn't understand.
Where the fuck is the coverage tonight?! Are they still in the locker room??
Someone says when the Rock is on Raw, this game is done.
can't wait to see Alabama get overrated as fuck after this after beating this pile of shit ND team.
so when does saban pull the starters?
HEY AT LEAST IT'S NOT 21-0 AT THE END OF THE FIRST
START OF THE SECOND THO
Nick Saban with a month prep time would beat Batman
YOU ARE DOING WORSE THAN MICHIGAN
bama fans, how could you root for this team against teams that aren't notre dame? this is just meansprited bullying
WHAT THE FUCK!?!?!?! Our defense/red zone defense mystique blown away in one fucking 3-minute drive for what seemed like 200 yards!??!?!!?
We're mother fucking frauds, guys, fucking frauds. It's just 14-0, but welcome to the LSU/Sugar Bowl again. FUCK
Fuck these inbreds and ex-slaves. I'd rather be a true institution of higher learning. We don't need this
Good Lord their running backs are unreal. Why couldn't we have had forced breeding back in the Civil War. I want guys like this on our team
Fucking Pac 12 refs. we KNEW they would get us back for that Stanford game. now they're costing us the title!!
I know the general counsel on campus and I'm calling him tomorrow for options. This game was fixed from the beginning. I want to know who was involved. This game will destroy the sport
Manti has to have money on Bama. No other excuse
never seen refs like this before. The investigation has to start tomorrow. CFB will never been the same after this.
How did we lose? We were so competitive against football powerhouses like Wake Forest, Navy, Pitt, and Purdue...
well when the whole team is related to each-other there's not much you can do
We've got the number 1 recruiting class going into next year. We made it to the NCG and that's something. Though we had Alabama to a standstill second half. I think the lads were just nervous the first half.
Yea Bama would have won either way but the fair catch interference penalty after the fumbled punt return was bogus, i haven't seen a penalty called on that play before with NO CONTACT since several years ago when they still had the 3 yard halo rule. ND would have got a FG at the very least there which would have prevented ND from abandoning their game plan so early but Bama still would have won 35-24.
The president's Twitter habits are getting him into even more legal murkiness.
A group of First Amendment lawyers sent President Donald Trump a letter on Tuesday asking him to unblock Twitter users whom he gave the digital cold shower after they chastised or disagreed with him on social media — citing that Trump's Twitter space is a "public forum" so the ban is unconstitutional.
The Knight First Amendment Institute, a non-profit under the Knight Foundation and Columbia University, represents several Twitter users who have been blocked from accessing @realDonaldTrump after they wrote unflattering statements about the president.
More from NBC News:
Intelligence Director coats to face Senate amid swirl of new claims of Trump interference
Trump floats idea of a 'solar' border wall — and proposals are already on the table
Brainy translation tools mean language barriers are falling fast
The letter to Trump says his "Twitter account operates as a 'designated public forum' for First Amendment purposes, and accordingly the viewpoint-based blocking of our clients is unconstitutional."
"We ask that you unblock them and any others who have been blocked for similar reasons."
The White House did not immediately comment on the letter but the lawyers are prepared to go to court if the president does not heed their advice, said Alex Abdo, one of the lawyers representing the blocked users.
One user, Joseph M. Papp, was shut out of Trump's Twitter feed on Sunday, after writing "Greetings from Pittsburgh, Sir" and "Why didn't you attend your #PittsburghNotParis rally in DC, Sir? #fakeleader," according to the letter.
The lawyers' correspondence comes amid the administration confirming on Tuesday that the President's tweets should be taken as official statements, which bolsters the lawyer's argument say legal experts.
"The president is president of the United States," said White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, "so they are considered official statements by the president of the United States."
The legal argument, standing at the intersection of technology and the Constitution, is certainly novel but also unclear, so here's are a few takeaways breaking it down:
Me: “IT Helpdesk at [university]. How can I assist you today?”
Caller: “Hello, you folks were supposed to give me a new computer. I have a note on my desk with the new log-in and everything, but there's no computer here!”
Me: “I'm sorry, ma'am. May I have your name so I can look up your ticket? ”
(She gives me her name and I look her up in our work order system. I recognize the ticket, as I was the person who is a set-up the computer for her while she was out of the office.)
Me: “Alright, ma'am, I've found your ticket. I was actually the tech who set this up for you. I know everything was delivered properly and I watched as the department secretary locked the door to your office when I was finished. But you're saying that there's no computer there now?”
Caller: “Nope, no computer here. Just a keyboard, mouse and screen. The door was locked this morning when I came in.”
Me: “Excuse me, ma'am, you said that there's a keyboard, a mouse and a screen?”
Caller: “Yes, a keyboard a mouse and a screen. No computer.”
Me: “I think I see the problem. The computer that we upgraded you to is called an iMac. It doesn't have a separate tower unit. The whole computer is there in that screen.”
Caller: “No…”
Me: “Yes, ma'am.”
Caller: “You cannot be serious!”
Me: “Yes, ma'am. I assure you.”
Caller: “Are you trying to play a joke on me, young man?”
Me: “No, ma'am. The whole computer is contained in that one unit. Have you tried turning it on? There should be a button on the back.”
Caller: “No…you can't be serious!”
Me: “Please, just try turning on the computer. There should be a button on the back on the left-hand side.”
Caller: “Hold on…”
(In the background I hear the Apple boot sound.)
Caller: “Goodness!”
Me: “Alright, just follow the directions for logging in that I left for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?”
Caller: “This is amazing, young man!”
Me: “I'm glad! Let us know if there's anything else you need. Have a nice day!”
Caller: “I'm sure I will!”
Conde Nast's print properties aren't the only ones slowly dying, apparently. Now, popular user-driven news site Reddit, which Conde Nast bought in 2006, is asking users to donate money so the website can hire more staff.
In a sad blog post, Reddit programmer Mike Schiraldi asked Reddit to donate to the website in a new program called "Reddit Gold" because its four engineers are being worked to the bone. "The bottom line is, we need more resources," he writes.
What's weird about this that Reddit is a massive success, audience-wise. It currently boasts around 280 million pageviews/month. (Gawker, in comparison, clocks in at around 41.2 million pageviews/month.) Conde Nast is a giant corporation currently considering moving to a pricey new Manhattan headquarters. So why doesn't Conde just cough up some dough?
Schiraldi writes:
Here's the thing: corporations aren't run like charities. They keep separate budgets for each business line, and usually allocate resources proportionate to revenue. And reddit's revenue isn't great.
Reddit users to the rescue... right? Well, it seems that they're not too keen on propping up Reddit financially. One user helpfully offered to buy the site; others wondered if they were just subsidizing Conde Nast's tone-deaf decision to starve one of the biggest user-driven websites on the Net.
And, yeah, Reddit has robust pageviews, a diehard community and strong growth. Instead of forcing Reddit to trade on that loyalty in what amounts to a fund-raising drive, Conde should realize that a few extra resources could go a long way to increasing profitability. Maybe they could cut back on those sweet holiday gifts?
"I was getting more and more frantic. He goes out all the time and he is really responsible. He has never not come home. It's really out of character.
"Apparently there was a scrap between two people just before he left and he tried to break that up. That's how we believe he got kicked out the club as it was misinterpreted. He was trying to stop it and it got misinterpreted and he left in a huff and a puff."
Police were called when the second-year geography student did not come home or turn up for work as a tour guide at Bath Abbey on Friday.
His family, including father Paul, a sales director, mother Sarah, a teacher, and younger brothers, aged 11 and 17, had come from Milton Keynes to Bath to help find him.
But just hours after Ms Comley urged locals to look for him, police confirmed firefighters had found a body in the River Avon at around midday on Saturday.
"It appears to be a tragic accident," a spokesman for Avon and Somerset Police said.
There has not yet been a formal identification, but the spokesman said there was "every indication that it is Henry's body."
Police said there was no indication of foul play and there is no murder investigation underway.
Mr Burke's family has been informed.
It is thought to be at least the eleventh death in the same stretch of water since 2009 - around half of them students on nights out.
Locals spoke out against the string of deaths. "This seems to be happening every year," said Dan White. "It seems like there's a need for some barriers or railings. Poor lad."
"That river has claimed too many lives," said Gemma Wherry, who lives just outside the city. Ms Wherry, a 24-year-old stay-at-home mother, said more railings would help. "Better lighting along there would surely help things," she said.
In 2013, an 850-yard fence was installed along a stretch of the river to improve water safety.
A Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents report said the measure was needed on a stretch of unguarded towpath between Windsor Bridge and Green Park.
Just weeks after San Francisco passed a law stopping the automatic delivery of telephone books, California regulators approved Verizon's request to end deliveries of printed white pages statewide.
The decision to go digital with residential listings is expected to save an estimated 1,870 tons of material from California's waste stream.
Verizon will continue to print and distribute the government white pages, the Yellow Pages and business listings.
The California Public Utilities Commission granted Verizon's request to provide customers with an online, electronic version of the white pages. Customers also can continue to receive the traditional printed volume by request. Or they can request a free CD-ROM directory of residential listings.
In October, 2010, Verizon asked the PUC to waive the existing requirement to deliver residential white pages in print format. The company noted that significant human and natural resources are expended annually to print and automatically distribute directories to customers who may not want or use them.
“The PUC's decision to allow Verizon to end the automatic delivery of residential white pages listings is good news for California consumers and the environment,” says Tim McCallion, president of Verizon's West region.
An estimated 5 million trees are cut down each year to create white pages phone books, according to BanthePhoneBook.org. Furthermore, only 22 percent of recipients recycle their phone books, which are thought to add 660,000 tons of waste to US landfills each year.
Photo by Cathy Stanley-Erickson/flickr/Creative Commons
Reprinted with permission from Sustainable Business
MANILA, Philippines (Xinhua) - The Department of Health (DOH) launched today a massive campaign to distribute condoms in leisure business establishments in Metro Manila, in a move to prevent HIV/AIDS in the country as the confirmed cases of the disease rapidly increased in January.
Undersecretary Teodora Herbosa said that under the campaign, each of the establishments will be given a box full of free condoms and flyers where essential information about HIV/AIDS can be read. Customers can get from the box, which will be strategically placed in the entrance or front desk.
The campaign was firstly launched in Quezon, a city of Philippine capital of Metro Manila, because it has the biggest number of AIDS patients and asymptomatic cases, said Herbosa, citing that in Quezon City alone, there were 54 asymptomatic and six confirmed cases last January.
"We will be flooding Metro Manila with condoms if it is the only way we can prevent the rapid spread of HIV/AIDS," she said.
"It is a critical and the only effective element in the prevention and control of the disease and available tool in reducing the transmission of sexual infections and diseases," she added.
According to the official, the HIV/AIDS Registry in the Philippines for last January showed a total of 224 confirmed cases. The figure is 23 percent higher compared to the same period last year with 182 confirmed cases. From 1984, there were a total of 7, 843 cases recorded by the DOH in the country.
Due to religious and cultural reasons, the Philippines is characterized by its very low rate of condom use.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 29, 2016, 7:37 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 29, 2016, 9:20 PM GMT By Corky Siemaszko and The Associated Press
Gene Wilder, the frizzy-haired star of such comedy classics as "Young Frankenstein," "Blazing Saddles" and “The Producers” has died. He was 83.
American actor Gene Wilder than Willy Wonka in 'Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory', directed by Mel Stuart, 1971. Getty Images
Wilder succumbed Sunday to complications from Alzheimer's disease at his home in Stamford, Connecticut while music from one of his favorite performers, Ella Fitzgerald, played in the background, his nephew confirmed to NBC News.
For three years Wilder battled “this illness-pirate” in private, Jordan Walker-Pearlman said.
“The decision to wait until this time to disclose his condition wasn't vanity” but an attempt to shield the countless children who still think of him as Willy Wonka from harsh reality, Walker-Pearlman said in a statement.
“He simply couldn't bear the idea of one less smile in the world," the statement read.
Blessed with a neurotic charm, sad blue eyes and that shock of bright red hair, Wilder excelled at playing panicked characters dreamed up by Mel Brooks, like the scientist reviving the monster in "Young Frankenstein" or the accountant who bilks Broadway in "The Producers."
Brooks said Wilder was "One of the truly great talents of our time" in a post on Twitter and that the actor "blessed every film we did with his magic & he blessed me with his friendship."
Wilder also gained fame played an alcoholic gunslinger in "Blazing Saddles" and the eccentric candy man in the children's favorite, "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory."
Later, Wilder teamed-up with Richard Pryor in four movies between 1976 and 1991: "Silver Streak," "Stir Crazy," "See No Evil, Hear No Evil" and "Another You." He also wrote and directed several movies of his own, including "The Woman in Red," featuring model-turned-actress Kelly Le Brock.
Off-screen, Wilder's life was no comedy.
Born Jerome Silberman on June 11, 1933, Wilder grew up in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where his first audience was his sickly mother. In his autobiography “Gene Wilder: It Hurts to Laugh,” he recounted the guilt-trip the family doctor laid on him.
“Don't ever argue with your mother — you might kill her,” he said.
Later, Wilder endured heartbreak when his third wife, comedienne Gilda Radner, died of ovarian cancer in 1989. That led to the founding of the Gilda Radner Detection Center in Los Angeles and Gilda's Club, a cancer support group.
This file photo taken on September 7, 1984 shows Gene Wilder with his wife Gilda Radner, during the 10th American Film Festival of Deauville. MYCHELE DANIAU / AFP - Getty Images
Wilder made his movie debut in 1967 with a scene-stealing turn as a hysterical undertaker in “Bonnie and Clyde.” Then he played a doctor who falls in love with a sheep named Daisy in Woody Allen's "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex but Were Afraid to Ask."
But it was the Mel Brooks movies that catapulted Wilder into stardom.
Wilder met his fourth wife, Karen Boyer, while doing research for his role as a deaf man in “See No Evil, Hear No Evil.” She was a hearing specialist and they married in 1990. She survives him.
The Calgary Stampeders will bring a fourth arm into training camp this spring.
Joining Bo Levi Mitchell, Mitchell Gale and Canadian Andrew Buckley will be Nick Arbuckle, who was brought back onto the roster Monday.
The six-foot-one, 215-pound Georgia State product originally signed with the club on Sept. 27, 2016, and spent one month on the practice roster.
Earlier in 2016, the 23-year-old attended mini-camp with the NFL's Pittsburgh Steelers.
In his two seasons at Georgia State, Arbuckle made the first-team all-Sun Belt Conference as a senior, while also being named the conference's student-athlete of the year.
His 4,368 passing yards in 2015 was a Sun Belt record, while he established school records with 307 completions and 28 touchdowns.
On Monday, the Stampeders also brought defensive back Joel Ross back into the mix.
The five-foot-10, 190-pound Appalachian State product arrived on Calgary's practice roster at the same time as Arbuckle last season, after attending training camp with the Chicago Bears earlier in the year. He appeared on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers practice squad in 2015.
A three-year starter with the Mountaineers, Ross played 41 college games, culminating in a senior season in 2014 where he earned 39 total tackles, a sack and three interceptions.
IT was the quintessential immigrant moment. Two weeks after my family and I had arrived in New York, a friend drove me to Costco. Half an hour later, at the cash register, I was hidden from view by the pyramid of diapers, napkins and other paper products in the shopping cart. My friend laughed and snapped a picture, promising to post it online with the caption, “Masha comes to America.”
And then my debit card did not work.
This wasn't just any card; it was a Citibank gold card, the kind that warrants a special line at the bank's offices and obsequiousness from the tellers. And it was linked to the account that, for the moment, held all my money: We had sold our apartment in Moscow, jumped through an assortment of Russian tax hoops and transferred the proceeds to the United States, where we now lived.
It made me nervous to have all that money sitting in one virtual clump in the bank — but not nearly as nervous as having the card connected to it not work. The experience was also humiliating. In one moment, I had gone from being a Citigold client to a deadbeat immigrant who couldn't pay for her son's diapers.
I called Citibank as soon as I got home.
“Your account has been closed,” a woman informed me, without a hint of that special precious-metal politeness.
For years now, Florida Panthers fans have had to deal with their team limping out of the gate and falling behind early on, failing to even keep the games interesting before bowing out and going through the motions until the end of the third period.
This season was a little different, as the team could at least keep the games interesting, but the poor starts continued, with the team being outscored 41-59 in the opening frame, with two tilts left to go. Now, we know that goals are random events in hockey (see law #3), and so we'll look at the team's score-adjusted shot attempts for percentage (SAT%) at 5 on 5 in the first period, and sure enough, the team only controlled 49.3% of the shot attempts during the first period, which is a mediocre 22nd in the league.
The third period was similar to the first, as the team was outscored by opponents 61-66, and had a sc-adj SAT% of 50.2%; better than the 49.3% in the first, but still in the bottom half of the league overall, as this percentage is good for only 18th in the league.
Move onto the second period, however, and things start to get weird. Here, the Panthers actually performed incredibly well, outscoring opponents 88-79, and posting a sc-adj SAT% of 53.9%, good for 4th in the league. Overall, the change between their performance in the second period and their performance in the other two periods is the greatest in the league.
So, in the first and third periods, the Panthers are barely in the top two thirds of the league.
In the second period? They're one of the top five teams in the league.
Something's a little fishy there.
What could be the reasons for the differences in SAT% in the periods? Random variance could be the case, but it doesn't quite make sense here; we can see trends in other teams in the NHL. Some are like the Panthers; better during period two than periods one and three, while some are good during periods one and three, but poor during period two, the opposite of the Panthers.
So what else could be a factor? What changes between the odd number periods and the even period for every team in the league?
The answer is something that the NHL has started to use in overtime to increase goal scoring; the long change.
More goals are scored in the second period than in the odd periods, mainly because teams have to skate further in order to change lines. This results in teams getting pinned in their own zone more often than they normally would, and with fatigued defenders on the ice, opposing teams are more likely to score.
So the Panthers excel when they have the chance to pin their opponents in their zone, either on the forecheck, or by dominating the neutral zone and consistently maintaining possession while entering the zone, and then cycling down low. The team's best forechecker was Sean Bergenheim, who started to be in and out of the lineup after Game 37, the first point circled on the graph below. The team's best player at entering the zone with possession could arguably be Jaromir Jagr, or one of his linemates, Jonathan Huberdeau and Aleksander Barkov. Those three were also incredible when it came to cycling the puck down low in the zone. The team acquired Jagr before Game 62; his first game is the second point circled on the graph.
So both players had a positive effect on SAT% in the second period, likely due to their styles of play. Jagr in particular has had a unique effect on the team; since his arrival, their SAT% in the odd numbered periods has gone down by -1.5%, while their second period SAT% has gone up by 7.8%.
Though it's no guarantee that players or playing style effect SAT% in specific periods, the oddity of this trend certainly begs for additional analysis. The amazing war-on-ice.com currently doesn't allow us to separate player performance by period, though hopefully that will change soon.
It's not too much of a stretch to think that player style will make certain players more effective in odd numbered periods than they are in even numbered periods, and I think that we can take the peculiar statistics of the Panthers this season as a sign that this may be worth looking into.
After all, wouldn't it be nice to know that the Cats could add Player X and finally stop starting out hockey games looking slower than a three-toed sloth on it's way to take a nap?
A federal trial is slated to begin this week in Albany, N.Y., for an orthodontist long considered an “elder” in the antigovernment “sovereign citizens” movement and who now faces charges of filing bogus tax returns between 2007 and 2010 in an effort to collect millions in refunds.
Glenn Richard Unger, 62, who often uses the alias “Dr. Sam Kennedy,” is accused of trying to obtain $36 million from the IRS through bogus tax returns. Federal prosecutors have also accused him of scamming another orthodontist, according to the Times Union of Albany.
In 2006, according to prosecutors, Unger told Dr. William O'Donnell that he was giving up his dental practice to do “missionary work” and take care of his ill wife.
“O'Donnell agreed to accept Unger's patients in about May 2006 assuming he'd be paid for his future work,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Ransom Reynolds wrote in a trial brief. But what he didn't know was that the patients had already prepaid Unger for the future orthodontic care they needed.
Unger allegedly gave O'Donnell a false promissory note of $200,000. “Unaware that the note was fictitious, O'Donnell attempted to deposit the note at his bank and was told it was worthless,” Reynolds said.
Jury selection is scheduled to begin Wednesday in front of Senior U.S. District Judge Thomas McAvoy.
As host of the online radio show “Take No Prisoners,” Unger has been a perennial leader in the sovereign citizens movement. He was one of the more secretive sovereigns in the country – he did not maintain a marketing website and didn't allow followers to videotape his speaking engagements – but his influence ran deep. He promoted his “Beneficiaries in Commerce” program as a cure-all for everything from tax bills and debt elimination to what he calls “prison extraction.”
Along with James Timothy Turner, who was convicted of tax fraud earlier this year, Unger was one of the original “elders” of the now-defunct Guardians for the free Republics, which in 2010 became the focus of an FBI investigation after the group sent letters to all 50 state governors demanding they leave office. In the scrutiny that followed, Unger began fighting for control of the Guardians, which collapsed amid the tensions, only to regroup months later as the Republic for the united States of America (RuSA).
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) on Wednesday called it a "victory" that Republicans are moving forward with a plan to repeal ObamaCare.
"What I'm calling a victory is not the defeat of the plan, what I'm calling a victory is that we will get to vote on a clean repeal," Paul, a critic of the Senate GOP's healthcare plan, said on ABC's "Good Morning America."
"I've been advocating that we repeal ObamaCare — all of it — and we're at least going to get a vote on a partial repeal and that is a victory."
Paul said the Senate GOP's previous healthcare bill — which collapsed earlier this week — had about $180 billion to give to insurance companies.
"Insurance companies have gotten rich on ObamaCare. They used to make $6 billion a year in profit. They're now up to $15 billion a year in profit," he said.
"We shouldn't be giving any tax-payer money to insurance companies, so I objected to that, but I'm actually in favor of and will vote to go to the clean repeal that's being proposed now."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) said Tuesday that Republicans would look to move forward with their plan to repeal ObamaCare, even as the plan has already faced opposition by some GOP senators.
“For the information of all senators, at the request of the president and vice president and after consulting with our members, we will have the vote on the motion to proceed to the ObamaCare repeal bill early next week," McConnell said from the Senate floor on Tuesday night.
Some things never change at Utah. The Utes enter a new season with a tough and experienced defense and an offense filled with question marks. Utah is optimistic those question marks turn into favorable answers in this week's season opener against Southern Utah.
The Utes are breaking in a new starting quarterback in Troy Williams and several new receivers. Williams comes to the team as a highly touted junior college transfer and offers hope that Utah's passing game can become a genuine threat for the first time in ages.
Related: Talented Newcomers Leading Utah's Offense in 2016
Southern Utah has the potential to test Utah more than a typical FCS opponent. The Thunderbirds won the 2015 Big Sky championship behind a defense that allowed just 20.8 points per game. SUU is 10-30 overall against current FBS teams — with recent wins over UNLV (41-16) in 2011 and South Alabama (22-21) in '13.
Southern Utah at Utah
Kickoff: Thursday, Sept 1. at 8 p.m. ET (6 p.m. MT)
TV: Pac-12 Networks
Spread: N/A
Three Things to Watch
1. Can Utah's passing game evolve this season?
Beating teams through the air has rarely been a strength for Utah since joining the Pac-12. Erratic quarterback play and a flurry of dropped passes by receivers has undermined the Utes in recent seasons. This all has potential to finally change.
Williams earned the starting nod at quarterback after beating out Tyler Huntley and Brandon Cox in camp. The junior showed what he was capable of at Santa Monica (Calif.) College last season, throwing for 2,750 yards and 31 touchdowns with just four interceptions on 180-of-265 passing. Utah also hired Guy Holliday as a receivers coach during the offseason and Holliday has brought renewed intensity and improved execution in practices.
What will it mean for a passing game that generated just 180 yards per game last season, ranking 11th in the Pac-12 and 106th in the FBS? Utah expects a night and day difference in the team's ability to move the chains through the air.
Williams, who played at Washington as a freshman, is excited for a second chance to show what he can do as a Pac-12 quarterback.
“I'm just going to go out there and take every play and every second as if it was my last,” Williams said. “Just going through that whole process makes you a lot more hungry and appreciative of everything.”
2. NFL factory
Utah has not completely cornered the market on NFL defensive talent in the Beehive State. Southern Utah is quietly churning out some pro talent of its own on that side of the ball. The T-Birds had safety Miles Killebrew and cornerback LeShaun Sims both taken in the 2016 NFL Draft and defensive end James Cowser signed a free agent deal with the Oakland Raiders.
A few talented defensive standouts on this year's SUU team could also make a push for the next level. First-team All-Big Sky linebacker Mike Needham returns to anchor the defense and is joined by Taylor Nelson. They tallied 94 tackles apiece last season and combined for 15.5 tackles for a loss — ranking in the top five on the team in both categories.
3. Avoiding the upset bug
Big Sky teams have played the role of spoiler in recent seasons. Twice in the last three years, a Big Sky team has knocked off a Pac-12 team in the opening week. Eastern Washington beat then-No. 25 Oregon State 49-46 in 2013 and Portland State took down Washington State 24-17 a year ago.
It certainly has caught Utah's attention. The Utes have not lost to an FCS opponent since falling to Idaho 28-17 in 1993. Since that time, Utah has beaten seven consecutive FCS teams by an average margin of 40.5 points per game.
The Utes are determined to not let an FCS team sneak up on them this time around.
“It happens every year and our goal is to not be one of those teams,” Utah head coach Kyle Whittingham said.
Final Analysis
History is on Utah's side against Southern Utah. The Utes are 37-0 all-time against current Big Sky opponents and are 7-1 against in-state opponents since joining the Pac-12. SUU gave Utah State a scare in the season opener a year ago, but facing a Utah team talented enough to contend for a Pac-12 South title is a whole different animal. Utah has too much speed, depth and talent for the T-birds to keep it close for longer than a quarter.
Prediction: Utah 49, SUU 7
— Written by John Coon, who is part of the Athlon Contributor Network. Coon has more than a decade of experience covering sports for different publications and outlets, including The Associated Press, Salt Lake Tribune, ESPN, Deseret News, MaxPreps, Yahoo! Sports and many others. Follow him on Twitter @johncoonsports.
Sam Quilliam, 28, says he was about to throw 14cm fish back when he thought of giving it a kiss, leading to bizarre incident
An angler who almost died after he accidentally got a whole live dover sole stuck in his throat as he tried to plant a kiss on it has been reunited with the ambulance crew that saved him.
Sam Quilliam, 28, had just caught the 14cm fish when it clearly took exception to his attempted kiss, wriggled free and jumped down his windpipe – causing a complete blockage.
Paramedics were called and when they arrived at the dimly lit Boscombe pier in Dorset they found Quilliam had collapsed and stopped breathing.
His friends Steve Perry and Matt Holmes were performing CPR, as directed by an emergency medical dispatcher on the line from the 999 control room.
Quilliam, from the New Forest, said the fish was too small to keep and was about to throw it back when he thought he would give it a kiss.
“I picked it up and went to give it a kiss before I threw it back. I squeezed it and like a bar of soap it jumped out of my hand and into my mouth. It got out of my hands and into my mouth and basically swam straight down my throat.”
He explained his kiss had been inspired by the Australian television fisherman Rex Hunt, who often plants a kiss on his catches.
“I ran round the pier like a headless chicken and then passed out. It was terrifying from what I remember.
“Steve and Matt and the paramedics did a great job to save my life. I could have easily died and I feel very lucky to be here. I feel much better now, it's like beyond winning the lottery. Me and my family are really grateful.”
Turning to paramedic Matt Harrison, who helped save him, he added: “Thank you, you are a credit to the NHS.”
Quilliam said his ordeal would not put him off fishing. “I'm much better now. Once I am back at work and fit I will probably get back at it again,” he said.
Perry, 27, said: “It was just sheer panic, it was horrendous. We reacted on our instincts. Matt was pumping his chest and I was doing the breaths. He was dead, his heart had stopped. I was so relieved when he came round.
“People have joked about it since but it wasn't a joke. He could have died, he could have had severe brain damage. We just thank God he is still here.”
He added: “Sam and I are kind of even now. He stopped me falling off the edge of a rock when we were fishing once. He thanked me for saving him. We've had a lot of man hugs.”
The bizarre incident happened when the group of friends went night fishing on Boscombe pier on 5 October.
Harrison said when he got the call about a casualty with a fish stuck in his throat he was expecting to find someone struggling with fish bones.
Initial assessment by the specialist paramedic was that the patient had a blocked airway and was in cardiac arrest.
He and a colleague, Martyn Box, an operations officer, worked on the man and got a pulse back.
“The boys were giving really good CPR on our arrival as instructed by the control room staff,” Box said.
“Initially, we didn't know the true extent of the situation or what the patient was choking on, but as we questioned them further we were told he had a whole fish stuck in his windpipe.”
Despite the paramedics artificially ventilating him with a bag and mask, Quilliam's chest remained silent, suggesting there was total airway occlusion and he was not receiving any oxygen.
Harrison said: “It was clear that we needed to get the fish out or this patient was not going to survive the short journey to Royal Bournemouth hospital. I used a laryngoscope to fully extend the mouth and throat and saw what appeared like an altered colour of tissue in his throat.
“Using a Magill forceps I was able to eventually dislodge the tip of the tail and very carefully, so as not to break the tail off I tried to remove it – although the fish's barbs and gills were getting stuck on the way back up.
“I was acutely aware that I only had one attempt at getting this right as if I lost grip or a piece broke off and it slid further out of sight then there was nothing more that we could have done to retrieve the obstruction. Eventually after six attempts the fish came out in one piece and to our amazement it was a whole dover sole, measuring approximately 14cm in length.”
Harrison added: “I have never attended a more bizarre incident and don't think I ever will – but we're all so glad the patient has no lasting effects from his cardiac arrest, which could so easily have had such a tragic and devastating outcome. It was the most wonderful feeling when we got it out.
“But seeing it on the floor it seemed almost unbelievable. I have never seen anything like it in my career.”
CNN: People in Puerto Rico Are 'Eating Dog Food" pic.twitter.com/l9G50O3zwF — Jon Levine (@LevineJonathan) October 3, 2017
With President Donald Trump (finally) en route to visit hurricane stricken U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico, CNN's reporter on the ground, Leyla Santiago described a grim scene on the island.
Out beyond the capital of San Juan, Santiago said things were so dire that a doctor in the town of Toa Baja told her that people were literally “eating dog food.”
“I've got to tell you about an exchange I just had, just in the last 10 minutes, I spoke to the mayor of this town, and he was holding back tears, holding back tears, she said. “He is seeing people day-to-day, and he is saying the desperation is getting out of hand. He told me yesterday he had to deal with a gentleman who was about to commit suicide. I spoke to a doctor who was right next to him who told me one of his patients was now eating dog food, eating dog food. Patients rating dog food in a clinic.”
Also Read: Hillary Clinton Lends Support to San Juan, While Trump Is Still Tweeting About Mayor's 'Complaints'
The camera panned back to CNN hosts Poppy Harlow John Berman — both of whom looked visibly disturbed at the news.
Though FEMA has stepped up its support of the island, President Trump has come in for very public rebuke for what critics say has been a lackluster response to the devastation from Hurricane Maria. While he promised support for mainland U.S. victims of hurricane Harvey and Irma, Trump scolded Puerto Ricans in a tweet for “poor leadership” and wanting “everything to be done for them.” And on Tuesday, Trump said that “on a local level, they have to give us more help.”
He has also engaged in a very public feud with the mayor of San Juan — Carmen Yulín Cruz.
…Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They…. – Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
…want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job. – Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
Related stories from TheWrap:
Michael Che Calls Trump a 'Cheap Cracker' and 'Bitch' for Puerto Rico Response; Right Calls It Racist
Lin-Manuel Miranda Tells Trump He's 'Going Straight to Hell' Over Puerto Rico Tweets
Puerto Rico Crisis: Trump Blames 'Fake News,' San Juan Mayor Who Pleaded 'Help Us, We Are Dying'
Daily Beast Slammed for Linking Hurricane Maria Devastation in Puerto Rico to 'Despacito'
Handmade Tea is a great option for anyone looking for a monthly subscription tea plan. Each month you receive a new hand blended tea and once it is gone, that blend is gone. These blends are hit or miss for me. I either really like them or have to take a few minutes to experiment with them a bit to get them to my taste.
Handmade Tea was started in 2011 by Caleb Brown after he decided he wanted something more exciting when it comes to loose leaf teas. He has definitely done just that. Each of his blends are quite unique and always delivered with the best presentation.
This isn't from this month's package but this is what you get. Love getting this kind of tea mail!
~Breakdown~
Cucumber Mint is a smooth and refreshing tea blend with a base of Shoumei white tea. Although a white tea, there are flavors reminiscent of a lighter oolong. The pieces of dried cucumber add crisp and refreshing notes that wrap around the sweet white tea flavor. Lastly peppermint is added for a cooling flavor that nicely compliments the cucumber.
I was excited to try this. I was craving a more light crisp clean tea.
I loved the look of the dry leaf. It had such a beautiful look to it and smelled amazing. There was a definite note of crispness to the tea.
~My Thoughts~
I wanted hot tea and Jason wanted some iced tea so I decided we would see how this tea stood up to both methods.
I loved how this tea brewed up. The beautiful gold color made me happy. First sip and this tea was fantastic! Everything the description said. Crisp, clean tasting, with hints of cucumber and mint. This tea reminds me of when you go to a fancier restaurant and they have water with fresh cucumbers and sprigs of mint. So delicious and so fresh tasting. The white tea base is so gentle and subtle, really elevating the other flavors to stand out. This maybe my favorite blend from Handmade Tea yet. I actually wish I could get more of this.
As an iced tea, this tea was just as invigorating as when it was brewed hot. The flavors kept the same flavor profile and was amazingly refreshing. I took this tea one step further and cold brewed it in my Sei Sei Tumbler (one of the best teaware products I have) and again, simply amazing. Refreshing, invigorating, delicious tasting that leaves your mouth feeling clean. This might have been my favorite way to brew this tea. I could tell that the flavors seemed to have a depth and an even fresher taste. I can't say enough about this tea.
If you are in the market for a monthly subscription tea plan, I would highly recommend you take a look at Handmade Tea. These teas are created, crafted, and delivered with love, passion and enthusiasm for tea.
Have a great Monday everyone and don't forget to check out my first giveaway!
~Yours in all things Geek-Nichole/CuppaGeek~
Train Fever is about transporting people and freight. In this development update, we show what can be transported, and explain from where to where. In addition, we present how the game world is simulated and explain what a town needs in order to grow and develop.
Let's start with introducing the six basic transportation items of the game. There are people (which are most important in the game) and goods:
In addition, there are four raw material types:
Raw materials (coal, wood, iron ore and oil) are mined at several locations in the game world. Mines and refineries are typically located outside of towns. The raw materials are required by industry buildings, typically located inside of or close to towns. If industry buildings also get enough people (employees), then goods are produced. Goods are then sent to commercial buildings, which will finally sell them to people.
People not only want to buy goods in commercial buildings, they also want to go to work and have some recreation time (leisure, parks and attractions).
The game world can include up to 25 towns and even more mines and refineries. Most industries do only need a selection of raw materials. For instance, a furniture industry primarily needs wood.
The following illustrations summarize movement of people and freight:
So far we have explained the basic movement of people and freight. Let's get a more detailed view.
People look for work places, commercial districts and recreation destinations. Freight items are sent by the producer to a destination which requires the respective item. In both cases the destination is chosen randomly within a certain maximal travelling time. The faster a destination is reachable, the more likely the destination is chosen.
Once a destination is chosen, the person or freight item is transported on the fastest way to this destination. Of course, people and freight can change transportation vehicles and can be temporarily stored at stations on the way to the destination. A player can be successful and earn money by constructing efficient transportation lines which fulfill the movement demands of people and freight.
The faster the transportation vehicles and the higher the frequency, the more items will be transported with your lines. Note that if you don't construct or if your transport infrastructure is not efficient enough, the world will not stop to move! People will walk or use their cars. Mines, refineries and industries will transport their items by their own (manually or by using trucks). Of course, you can speed up growth and development by taking action.
This brings us to the last topic: When will towns grow and industries increase production?
Residential districts grow if a lot of industry, commercial buildings and attractions can be reached as fast as possible
grow if a lot of industry, commercial buildings and attractions can be reached as fast as possible Commercial districts grow if as many people as possible pass by for shopping and if as many goods items are delivered by industries
grow if as many people as possible pass by for shopping and if as many goods items are delivered by industries Industries grow if they get enough required raw materials and employees
if they get enough required raw materials and employees Leisure locations grow if as many people as possible pass by for recreation
grow if as many people as possible pass by for recreation Mines and refineries increase raw material production if they find enough industries to deliver their items and if delivery is as fast as possible
We have designed a simple but also quite realistic economy model. Thanks to its simplicity the game will be fun to play. And because of the realistic movement of items and impact on town growth there is a quite high complexity and depth of simulation at the same time. You may have noticed that public and freight transport are connected in this model. For instance, delivering more raw materials to industries will let industries grow and will also make well-accessible residential districts more attractive.
In a future update we will go into more details and we will also present the respective buildings (residential, commercial, industrial, leisure, mines and refineries).
Update: Thanks in advance for your feedback, questions and criticism. As usual, we will answer the most important questions a few days later (this weekend) in a Q&A post.
Update: Please find a Q&A post here.
Jozy Altidore may not be involved with Copa America Centenario as he recovers from a hamstring injury, but that doesn't mean he won't be making an important impact this summer.
Altidore and his foundation are ensuring that those in Haiti can watch Copa America matches, teaming with the St. Luke Foundation to deliver television coverage of Haiti's matches, the USA's matches and the tournament semifinals and final to the island nation.
Altidore's foundation is funding the initiative, which includes watch parties at multiple locations around Haiti that the St. Luke Foundation will arrange, host and supervise. Projection screens will be transported from Miami to Haiti, where the matches would not otherwise be available to be seen for a vast majority of the impoverished nation. The parties will also feature small-sided matches along with food and beverages. Matte Projects, a New York-based film company, will be capturing the images on the ground for a future documentary. Regardless of Altidore's injury status this summer, this initiative was always going to be taking place.
"When Haiti qualified I just thought it'd be a cool thing, because they haven't qualified for a major tournament since the World Cup (in 1974)," Altidore, whose parents are from Haiti, told SI.com via telephone. "I thought this would be something cool knowing how much Haitian people love their national team ... to have thousands of people who otherwise wouldn't be able to see the matches broadcast the group games and see them perform."
Haiti is in Copa America's Group B and will play Peru (June 4), Brazil (June 8) and Ecuador (June 12).
"I think they can surprise some people, and hopefully they do," said Altidore, who said that he is eyeing a return ahead of the 6-8 week timetable announced by Toronto FC.
The USA, sans Altidore, opens Group A play against Colombia on June 3 followed by games against Costa Rica on June 7 and Paraguay on June 11.
Altidore, who suffered his hamstring injury just prior to Jurgen Klinsmann's roster deadline, has been part of a number of charity initiatives regarding Haiti, where he still has extended family and friends. His foundation raised money to assist in the relief effort following the 2010 earthquake that ravished the nation. In 2014, his foundation worked with Generosity Water to build a well and provide clean water for a village of more than 400 people.
"There's a lot of people in Haiti that aren't going to be able to watch the games, a lot of areas where they can't physically see the game," Altidore said. "To watch their heroes in action ... it will give their players a boost as well."
While Murray fiddled with his racket during warm-ups, Federer, the man with the perfectly calibrated grass-court game, waited impassively across the net. Federer has held tennis fans in his sway for more than a decade and would be in the unfamiliar role of quasi-villain among the local fans hoping for Murray to end Britain's 76-year drought in search of a men's Wimbledon champion.
How would Murray cope with the weight of the moment, not only the biggest of his career, but also the greatest in more than a half-century of British men's tennis? My theory, backed by an informal poll of Smithfield patrons, was that he wouldn't — or, at least not very well. The prevailing view was that he would earn an A for effort, but that early on his concentration would be broken along with his serve. The fact that Murray was looking for his first Grand Slam title in his fourth attempt weighed heavily in my thinking, not to mention his having to fight history (and some say, fate) by squaring off against arguably the game's greatest grass-court player.
That theory began to lose its luster (as theories born of alcohol consumption before noon occasionally do) as Murray started strongly and confidently, breaking Federer's serve early. He won the first set, 6-4, and all was rosy at Smithfield. I began buying into the idea that he could do what just an hour earlier had seemed the impossible: he could beat Federer and win Wimbledon.
And then, as so often happens with Federer, he found the slightest opening to burst through. Specifically, there was a 30-minute, 26-point game in the second set that ended when Federer (up, 3-2) broke Murray's serve — on his sixth break chance. That seemed to deflate Murray, and our crowd, which had been buzzing with excitement between points. (During play, however, the pub was nearly silent, respectful of tennis tradition.)
When Federer won the second set, 7-5, the frequent cheers of “Come on, Andy!” turned from encouraging to pleading. At one point, a man shouted, “Put some welly into it” and was hushed by the crowd. The lull in cheering gave me a moment to learn that welly meant to put muscle or power into it.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After a rain delay, and a third-set point in which Murray turned his ankle, he never seemed to regain his footing. The kitchen stopped serving food. Some fans began looking at their watches, others started texting those on the outside. We were nearing our fourth hour of captivity, and it was becoming clear this match would not end in a celebration, not for this crowd.
As the match moved slowly toward its conclusion — a 4-6, 7-5, 6-3, 6-4 win for Federer — the Smithfield crowd never lagged in its support, which says everything about the indefatigable British spirit, especially when it comes to sports.
Murray, holding the runner-up plate, could barely squeak out his postgame on-court comments. He took a moment, then two, collected his composure and rejiggered his upper lip. The crowds, inside Centre Court in London and at Smithfield in New York City, were hushed. Then Murray managed to offer remarks that sounded heartfelt, and heartbreaking.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Everybody always talks about the pressure of playing at Wimbledon, how tough it is,” he said. “It's not the people watching. They make it so much easier to play. The support has been incredible, so thank you.”
There were few dry eyes at Smithfield, perhaps even fewer at the England Club, and I thought about how emotional the experience turned out to be, even while I was sitting in a darkened pub that had run out of food.
While patrons said their goodbyes and wandered out into the heat, overheard conversations centered on a 2013 cricket tournament against Australia (the “Ashes”), the current Formula One season, in which the Englishman Lewis Hamilton has been performing admirably, and September's Ryder Cup golf tournament.
In the end, I was left with two thoughts: One was that, if anyone had to extend Britain's futility at Wimbledon, thank heavens that it was Federer, whose graciousness and humility have only deepened with the years. And two, with the London Olympics beginning at the end of the month, British fans need to fight their natural impulses to hope for the best and expect the worst. Judging from what I experienced Sunday, I am beginning to wonder if there is, in fact, an optimist trapped inside the British psyche, just waiting to emerge.
“I know that was then,” sang the Lightning Seeds' Ian Broudie in “Three Lions,” reminding fans of the 1966 World Cup soccer triumph. “But it could be again.”
Part of Calgary's downtown Plus 15 network was closed early Monday morning as water gushed from a damaged sprinkler pipe in the ceiling.
Tanya Colwell happened upon the scene at about 7:50 a.m. as she exited a nearby parkade on her way to work.
"The security guard said, 'Don't worry. We have everything under control, but you'd better get out because the ceiling is about to collapse,'" she said. "So that was quite a surprise."
Colwell said the elevated walkway in the 700 block of Fifth Avenue S.W. had already been closed in other directions, except for the entrance from the parkade that she used to access it.
Fire crews arrived shortly afterward and crews used a sump pump to drain water into the alley outside, before leaving the building in the hands of management.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Karla de Los Angeles was gored twice by the bull Gamusino
Mexican bullfighter Karla de Los Angeles has been injured in a bullfight in Mexico City.
Ms de Los Angeles was going in for the kill during Sunday's event when the bull tossed her over its head.
The bullfighter continued the fight after being attended to, but during a second attempt to kill the 495kg-animal (1,090lb), it gored her again.
She suffered two cuts of 12cm (4.7 in) and 10cm in length to her thigh and gluteal muscles.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The bullfighter suffered cuts to her thigh and gluteal muscles
The bull, called Gamusino, also gored assistant Federico Dominguez who tried to help Ms de Los Angeles in the world's biggest bullring, Plaza Mexico.
A spectator was also injured when the fourth bull of the afternoon jumped the wooden barrier surrounding the bullring.
Bullfighting is a male-dominated sport, but there have been women bullfighters for centuries.
In Spain, women were banned from performing as matadors - those who kill the bull on foot rather than from horseback - for decades under the regime of General Francisco Franco.
The ban was lifted after Gen Franco's death but to this day there are few professional female bullfighters either in Spain or in Latin America.
1) Jill Stein is a fraud. Check out her list of campaign contributors per the FEC. The top five donations are from corporate interests -- AON, Xoom Global Money Transfer, IBM, Thoughtworks, and UPS. Would Bernie take money from any of these? http://votesmart.org/candidate/campaign-finance/35775/jill-stein
2) Check out Stein's hand picked choice for VP, Ajamu Baraka. He's a radical agitator who has publicly referred to Bernie Sanders as a "white supremacist" and labelled Sanders supporters as naive shills. americablog.com/… http://fusion.net/story/332652/jill-stein-ajamu-baraka http://www.jackpineradicals.com/boards/topic/green-vp-baraka-slams-bernie-and-sandernistas/
3. Stein is an opportunist looking to cash in with disgruntled Sanders supporters. She is building a war chest for her 2018 run against Elizabeth Warren's in her home state of MA. Her running might siphon enough votes from Warren to give the Senate seat to the Repubs.
4. Stein has virtually NO political experience. She is an ex-musician and medical professional. She has won just one election in her life -- a town meeting seat where 7 of a larger group of candidates is elected -- in which she got a whopping 539 votes. In her 2012 Presidential bid she received one-third of one percent of the votes. That means that only one out of every 300 voters chose her. Hell, Taylor Swift or Kim Kardashian would have got more votes than that if their names had been on the ballot. Ralph Nader got more than six times that many votes the last time he ran. She is the classic definition of a “spoiler.”
5. Check out her foreign policy positions -- she's more like Trump than Sanders. Pro-Russian. Anti-Israel. Overly simplistic. And she changes her positions from months to month — check out how she was for Brexit before she was against it, etc. She hasn't got a clue. countervortex.org/...
6. Check out her domestic views -- she calls President Obama a "tool of the capitalists" and a war criminal and says that passage of the Affordable Care Act was a huge mistake.
7. She has some questionable beliefs about vaccinations and wi-fi that make her look as anti-science as those who deny evolution or global warming.
8. Jill Stein runs for office. It's what she does. She runs for something every two years (except for 2014 when she started ramping up for this run). No fuss. No muss. The money rolls in. It's a lot easier than having a real job.
9. Stein is not qualified to serve, nor does she want to. If she won the election her first act would be to demand a recount.
10. Since 2011, Jill has refused to release her tax returns. Apparently she's making good money running for President and has some perks and investments that might not jibe with the act she puts on.
11. If you think Bernie knows what he is doing, why wouldn't you do what he is telling you -- heck, begging you -- to do now? www.latimes.com/… Any so-called Sanders supporters who vote for Stein aren't really Sanders supporters or supporters of the revolution at all, and never were. They are just Hillary-haters and were merely tagging along with Bernie because the thought that he might beat her delighted them.
12. If Trump wins and gets to pick two or three Supreme Court judges it will set progressive causes back a couple of decades. How could any real progressive consider acting in a way that might help make that more likely? There's no false narrative here, so don't be confused by the “vote your conscience” folks. (Though I don't see how anyone WITH a conscience could vote for a fraud like Stein!) Any rationalization of a Green Party vote this year is bogus. If you don't vote for Clinton you're helping Donald Trump and undermining the progressive movement. Period.
Africa's Great Escarpment is a place of big ups and downs. Parallel ridges and deep, long valleys create a range of habitats and elevations for its flora and fauna. But the Escarpment sees ups and downs in another sense: tree height varies significantly here.
In a November 2016 paper published in Remote Sensing of Environment , scientists created a continent-scale representation of tree canopies in Africa. In analyzing land use on the continent, researchers identified multiple areas with deforestation. But elsewhere, plantations have brought tree growth to former grasslands, stimulating economic growth but pushing out native wildlife.
The Great Escarpment is one such place. The ridge, which separates a highland plateau from low-lying coastal areas, extends thousands of kilometers—across several countries in southern Africa. Much of its eastern flank, now greatly fragmented, was once carpeted in peat moss and grass, which filtered water flowing to ecosystems downstream. Now, timber has replaced much of this low-lying vegetation.
As patches of trees are cut down for harvest, new ones are planted in their place. “Trees come and go all the time,” said Matthew Hansen, the lead study author and a researcher at the University of Maryland.
The map below was created by combining topography and elevation data with computer models and satellite data on tree heights as observed by IceSat, Landsat 8, and Landsat 7.
The section of the Great Escarpment shown on this page is located in South Africa's Mpumalanga province, near the town of Sabie. The expansive, terraced hills bear the signs of human intervention: patches of trees in neat, symmetrical rows and varying stages of growth. The trees are likely eucalyptus or pine, both of which supply timber for export.
Legend has it that the first commercial trees were planted here in the late 1800s by Joseph Brook Shires following a gold rush. The trees have been called “Brown Gold,” a name that reflects their economic worth in the area's economy. Together, the provinces of Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal, and the Eastern Cape contain roughly 80 percent of South Africa's commercial plantations of trees.
But more trees do not spell good news for grassland ecosystems, said Ralph Clark, a researcher at the Great Escarpment Biodiversity Programme of Rhodes University. “Tree cover increase in this area is actually environmentally devastating to biodiversity and water supplies,” Clark wrote in an email. Plantations consume a lot of water; they can also lead to extinction of local species, he said. “Don't confuse mitigating deforestation elsewhere with afforestation in this context—it's the same as putting a bulldozer through a rainforest in terms of species impacts.”
NASA Earth Observatory maps created by Jesse Allen, using data provided by Matt Hansen and Alexandra Tyukavina (University of Maryland). Caption by Pola Lem.
The US has confirmed that Russian troops will carry out joint anti-terror drills on American soil in May. Reports of the unprecedented initiative had triggered hysteria in American public debate, with claims of the US fraternizing with “the enemy.”
­Commander Wendy L. Snyder, US Defense Press Officer for policy told The New American in an e-mail the Russian soldiers will be invited by the US government.
This is part of a “formal bilateral exchange program between the US and Russia that seeks to develop transparency and promote defense reform,” she wrote.
Around twenty airborne Russian troops with arrive in Fort Carson, Colorado to take part in the training program targeting “terrorists”. It will be the first time Russian soldiers have conducted military training on American territory.
However, the landmark news of the Russian troops' arrival was not greeted with enthusiasm by everyone. Fear-mongering reports in US media called the exercise “a front” for the Russians to turn US weapons against the Americans and “take and hold Denver airport.”
Citing an erroneous report that it said came from the Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation, US website theblaze.com claimed just that.
“Russian airborne troops (using US weapons that they had previously trained with at Fort Carson) will fly to and then parachute from their planes having the objectives of seizing the CIA's main computer facility in Denver, the NSA's main computer facility in Bluffdale, Utah, and taking control of main runways and terminals of the Denver International Airport,” the publication wrote.
The report goes on to say the exercise is for the “evacuation of the key personnel and equipment previously ‘freed' from the CIA's Denver base.”
There is currently no information either in English or in Russian that describes such a drill on the Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation website.
It is unclear where these reports originated, as RT verified with Russian Airborne Forces spokesperson Col. Aleksandr Kucherenko that he had said nothing pertaining to the capture of Denver airport.
RT reported on the story on Wednesday, citing Kucherenko who announced that “Airborne troops from Russia and the United States will hold joint anti-terror drills in the US state of Colorado between May 24 and 31.”
Besides the military drills, the Russian soldiers are expected to get a taste of local life at a baseball game in Colorado Springs.
Foreign troops operating and training in the United States have been a continuous bone of contention in American public debate.
Paul Watson, writing for prisonplanet.com says that their presence touches upon latent fears of “global UN peacekeeping troops being used to quell unrest inside America.”
Drills involving outside troops also raise worries that the US would have to “rely on foreign mercenaries to restore order, confiscate weapons or even incarcerate citizens during a national emergency, because of the likelihood that Americans would refuse to carry out such orders against other Americans,” Watson writes.
SAN FRANCISCO — An order by the San Francisco authorities to vacate a sidewalk tent camp in a commercial district has rekindled passions over the city's longstanding homeless problem, which residents say has reached crisis levels.
Inhabitants of the encampment near a Costco and car dealerships defied the city's order to disperse by Friday, forcing a dilemma for San Francisco's municipal government, which has until now sought to use gentle persuasion in its dealing with the large homeless population. “I kind of want to stay put and fight it out,” said Elizabeth Stromer, 45, a former nurse who lives in a tent not far from a BMW dealership on the edge of the city's Mission District. She described the standoff as a “personal battle” between the homeless and the administration of Mayor Edwin M. Lee.
The city targeted 50 tents under a highway overpass — which shelter a small fraction of the more than 6,000 homeless people in the city — because of what it called the “accumulation of garbage, human feces, hypodermic needles, urine odors” and other unsanitary conditions.
The majority of tents were still standing Friday afternoon and many inhabitants vowed to hold their ground. “What we need is a solution,” said a homeless man who gave his name as Santino and said he had no plans to move his tent. “Pushing the homeless around is going to do nothing.” A man on a bicycle stopped to give Mr. Santino a sandwich.
Go to the OREGON FOOTBALL ANALYSIS LIBRARY by FishDuck.com front page to find the articles and links here.
Articles about the Oregon Spread Offense under coaches Chip Kelly, Mark Helfrich, Scott Frost, Mario Cristobal, Marcus Arroyo and Willie Taggart are present along with plays and tactics.
The Oregon Defensive Articles and Analysis are present on this page as well.
Charles Fischer (FishDuck)
Eugene, Oregon
If you have an article or video link you would like to share with the Oregon Football Repository, then email me charles@fishduck.com as the writers and editors of the site are grateful for the help.
Help us Build and Maintain an Oregon Football Repository at FishDuck.com for all Duck fans!
The Oregon Football Repository is massive and contains 1,000+ Articles and Videos in 12 sections:
From Video
Oregon Analysis Library
ChileDuck's Updated Football Depth Chart
Oregon Highlight Videos
Music for Ducks' Ears
History of Oregon Football
Men of Oregon: Players and Coaches
The BEST Recruit Talent Evaluations
The BEST of “The Duck”
The BEST of FishDuck.com Humor!
Oregon's Amazing Uniforms
Savor the “Autzen Magic”
We Love to Hate our RIVALS
Click on the live links above and enjoy!
Current articles of Analysis, Editorials, Coach's Opinion, and Talent Evaluation will continue with new articles every week on Mondays and Wednesdays (and sometimes Fridays) at FishDuck.com as before.
Mr. FishDuck has already put tens of thousands of dollars into the site (with nothing in return) and needs help to keep these 1,000+ articles (incredible!) available, to add to them over time, and to allow him to continue to write every week. We want to keep all of this on the site free to all Oregon fans, for a very long time.
Please donate to make this site a gift to all Oregon fans as a long term source of Oregon Football Information!
Could you send a gift of $100.00 of which is eight dollars a month or a cup of coffee a week. (Two dollars a week-cheap!)
Amazing Moments Photography
Please donate to FishDuck.com at the PayPal button below under the account of charles@fishduck.com and you can also donate using your credit card by clicking on the button below. Thank you from all of us at FishDuck.com!
Want to send a check? Make it out to FishDuck.com and send to:
FishDuck.com, Charles Fischer
1500 Valley River Dr. Ste 315
Eugene, OR 97401
Our entire staff thanks you!
BOULDER CREEK, Calif. -- A blind dog that was lost in the mountains in California was missing for more than a week before being rescued, CBS San Francisco reports.
Sage, a 12-year-old Labrador, lost both eyes due to glaucoma and a recent tumor. For eight days, the family dog was alone, lost in the thick woods and steep terrain of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
The family mistakenly thought she had been brought into the house, only to realize after about an hour that Sage was gone.
“It was horrible. We just didn't know,” Beth Cole, Sage's owner, said. “You know, it was cold, she's kind of helpless as far as being able to find her way back on her own.”
Stories of Sage's disappearance spread on social media. Desperate to find her, the family even hired a professional dog tracker from Southern California to search the dense woods. But after no sign of her, Cole had just about given up.
But her next door neighbor Dan Estrada happened to be walking with a friend in the woods and spotted Sage's near lifeless body close to a shallow stream.
“I saw what I thought was a trash bag in the stream and as I looked a little bit closer, I could tell it was Sage,” Estrada said. “The very moment I saw Sage, my heart fell into my stomach and I was overwhelmed with sadness, because I knew at that point it would be a body recovery.”
Estrada is a veteran firefighter and paramedic for the Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Department. This rescue was a bit different than his usual fare.
“As soon as I saw her in the stream, I ran to her, and I just dropped right there in the water, and I wrapped my arms around her and I gave her a big hug and a kiss,” Estrada said. “And immediately she held her head up.”
Dan Estrada found Sage lying by a stream in the California mountains CBS San Francisco
He carried her over his shoulders about a 100 yards up the canyon. He believes the water from the creek likely saved her.
“If dogs could smile, I think she was smiling at the time,” Estrada said.
Fortunately, Sage is doing OK and is back on her bed after a visit to the vet. She and Cole are closer than ever.
“I think she just was waiting for us, and fortunately Dan came along,” Cole said.
Estrada turned down the $1,000 reward, but he earned something else.
“Sage definitely taught me a lesson of hope and a lesson of never to give up,” he said. “I mean, it's something that we train to do all the time.”
Sometimes, a dog's determination is the best reminder of that.
There will be a fundraiser benefiting the Santa Cruz County animal shelter to celebrate Sage's rescue at a local bar on Saturday.
IS supporters shot man outside Greenacre mosque: witness
Updated
A man who was shot outside a mosque in south-west Sydney was the victim of an attack by local Islamic State (IS) supporters, a witness has said.
Rasoul Al Mousawi, 47, was shot in the head in an industrial area on Rosedale Avenue, near the intersection of Brunker Road at 1:15am (AEDT).
He has undergone surgery for injuries that are not life threatening.
A friend of the victim, a Shia Muslim who did not want to be identified, said a group of men drove past the Houssaineyat-Alnabialakram Association in Greenacre several times before the shooting, calling out "IS lives forever".
"They called us 'Shia dogs' and they threatened to come back down tonight and kill you, shoot you, whatever," the man said.
"We didn't believe them and we went home and we got a phone call that one of our community members got shot in the head.
"He was walking his family home so he can come back and do the cleaning (at the mosque) and they shot him in front of his family.
"His wife, she just fainted."
His daughter saw it all happen.
"My dad just held his neck and ran inside," she said.
"I was like, 'what's happening' and all I saw was blood running down his head and neck".
Police have not identified a motive for the shooting but said they were following several lines of inquiry.
They have ruled out the suggestion that the violence in Iraq may be spilling over into suburban Australia.
Police have told the ABC there is nothing to suggest the shooting is linked to IS.
IS is attempting to establish a caliphate in Iraq and Syria and they see Shia Muslims as opponents as they dominate the Iraqi government.
Victim had attended a prayer meeting
When officers arrived at the mosque, they found Mr Mousawi with pellet wounds to his face and shoulder.
"Police have cordoned off the area as a crime scene and are currently processing that scene," Inspector David Firth said.
"Police are speaking to a number of witnesses at the scene and are appealing for anyone with information who can assist with their inquiries to come forward, particularly those who may have seen a vehicle acting suspiciously in the area at the time.
"We do have some CCTV footage of the street that may help us with our inquiries."
Inspector David Firth said the injured man was helped by other people before paramedics treated him.
"Witnesses assisted the man. Emergency services were called a short time later and the 47-year-old man was treated by paramedics before being taken to hospital," Inspector Firth said.
The witness said he and other Shia community members were at the Islamic Centre for a prayer gathering before the shooting took place.
"They shot an innocent guy, a family man. This is Australia, it's a safe country. How can this happen?
"That's not a human act, it's just not human what they did.
"And we just want them (the attackers) to know, we're not afraid of them."
Police have urged anyone with information to call Crime Stoppers.
Topics: crime, greenacre-2190
First posted
UNIONTOWN, Pa. (KDKA/AP) – Two golfers have been charged with assault after they came to blows while arguing about the rules at a Pennsylvania course, and one of them allegedly hit the other in the head with a 3-wood, police said.
State police in Uniontown filed the charges Wednesday against Roger Lee Harris, 63, and Bryan Bandes, 42, both of North Union Township. They were golfing in a group with three others at the Springdale Golf Course near Uniontown on Sunday when they argued about rules involving “casual water” – or puddles – after it rained briefly.
After settling that dispute on the fifth hole, the men argued again on the seventh hole, with Harris hitting Bandes with the club and the men trading punches, Trooper George Mrosko wrote in a criminal complaint.
Harris “who has his club in his hand, gripping it near the head, swung the club, striking (Bandes) in the left forearm and the top of the head,” Mrosko wrote, noting that Bandes was trying to fend off the blow with his arm.
After that, the trooper wrote, a “melee ensued” with both men trading punches. Harris wound up with a swollen jaw, a fat lip and a scratched eye. Bandes went to Uniontown Hospital where he was treated for a mild concussion and an injury to his forearm.
Harris was charged with aggravated assault and simple assault, because he allegedly used a weapon – the golf club – while Bandes was charged only with simple assault. Both face a preliminary hearing Aug. 13.
Online court records don't list attorneys for the men. Bandes did not answer calls to his home telephone, while The Associated Press could not immediately locate a number for Harris on Thursday.
RELATED LINKS
More Local News
More Fayette County News
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
(TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
As Glenn Beck's popularity and ratings increase, so does the attention he's getting from the Obama-loving media.
To be sure, most of the recent articles and news reports have been scathing, especially after his comment on FNC's "Fox & Friends" this summer about President Obama being a racist.
Yet, despite the headline, "Mad Man: Is Glenn Beck Bad for America?", Time magazine's David Von Drehle actually managed to offer some positive insights to the man that is taking radio, the book industry, and cable news by storm (h/t NBer kevcad):
He is the hottest thing in the political-rant racket, left or right. A gifted entrepreneur of angst in a white-hot market. A man with his ear uniquely tuned to the precise frequency at which anger, suspicion and the fear that no one's listening all converge.
As I said, this really isn't the hit-piece you would expect from Time:
Beck is 45, tireless, funny, self-deprecating, a recovering alcoholic, a convert to Mormonism, a libertarian and living with ADHD. He is a gifted storyteller with a knack for stitching seemingly unrelated data points into possible conspiracies - if he believed in conspiracies, which he doesn't, necessarily; he's just asking questions. He's just sayin'. [...] As melodrama, it's thumping good stuff. But as politics, it's sort of a train wreck - at once powerful, spellbinding and uncontrolled. Like William Jennings Bryan whipping up populist Democrats over moneyed interests or the John Birch Society brooding over fluoride, Beck mines the timeless theme of the corrupt Them thwarting a virtuous US. This flexible narrative often contains genuinely uncomfortable truths. Some days "they" are the unconfirmed policy "czars" whom Beck fears Obama is using to subvert constitutional government - and he has some radical-sounding sound bites to back it up. Some days "they" are the network of leftist community organizers known as ACORN - and his indictment of the group is looking stronger every day. [...] He is having an impact. Along with St. Louis, Mo., blogger Jim Hoft, whose site is called Gateway Pundit, Beck pushed one of Obama's so-called czars, Van Jones, to resign during Labor Day weekend. Jones, whose task was to oversee a green-jobs initiative, turned out to be as enchanted by conspiracies as Beck - he once theorized that "white polluters and the white environmentalists" are "steering poison into the people-of-color's communities" and signed a petition demanding an investigation into whether the Bush Administration had a hand in the 9/11 attacks. On Sept. 14 the Senate overwhelmingly voted to cut off all federal funds to ACORN, and the U.S. Census Bureau severed its ties to the organization. This followed Beck's masterly promotion of a series of videos made by two guerrilla filmmakers who posed as a pimp and prostitute while visiting ACORN offices around the country. The helpful community organizers were taped offering advice on tax evasion and setting up brothels for underage girls.
And, he's very successful:
There are bigger one-voice enterprises in the world: Oprah, Rush, Dr. Phil. But few are more widely diversified. In June, estimators at Forbes magazine pegged Beck's earnings over the previous 12 months at $23 million, a ballpark figure confirmed by knowledgeable sources, and this year's revenues are on track to be higher. The largest share comes from his radio show, which is heard by more than 8 million listeners on nearly 400 stations - one of the five biggest radio audiences in the country. Beck is one of only a handful of blockbuster authors who have reached No. 1 on the New York Times best-seller lists with both nonfiction and fiction. (Among the others: John Grisham, Patricia Cornwell and William Styron. Unlike them, however, Beck gets a lot of help from his staff.) His latest book, Arguing with Idiots, will be published this month, and if things go as expected, it will be the third No. 1 with his name on the front published in the past 12 months. Taking a page from Stephen King - who once called Beck "Satan's mentally challenged younger brother" - Beck recently entered into a partnership with Simon & Schuster that pays him a share of profits rather than a traditional author's royalty, and he plans to create a range of books for every audience, from children to teens to adults.
In the end, though Von Drehle wasn't gushing and fawning over Beck, with all the vitriol that most in the media have directed at the controversial author/radio-television personality of late, as well as the high-profile idols he's taken down like Van Jones and ACORN, this piece by Time is remarkably balanced, and one that even Glenn's followers might find surprisingly informative.
Do yourself a favor and read the whole thing.
0 of 7
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
As we get closer to the NFL draft, clues are getting dropped around the NFL about the direction each team may go in the selection process. The Denver Broncos have spent big money in free agency, and they may have a few surprise picks in the draft.
General manager John Elway selects players based on a “best player available” philosophy. This means team needs may be pushed to the side if a value drops to the Broncos in any round.
The Broncos are in a Super Bowl window, so finding players who can make an instant impact will only make them stronger. This is considered a talent-rich class, so finding contributors throughout the draft may be easier than in other years.
Let's examine the process if the Broncos can find instant impact players in every round. There's no room for developmental players this time around.
Image copyright Thinkstock
It's often said that the age of dogs can be better understood by multiplying their age, in human years, by seven. But is that really true?
Meg, my West Highland Terrier died a couple of months ago. She'd reached the grand old age of 19 years and four months.
A few days later, I was reminded of the oft-quoted statistic that every human year equates to seven dog years. This mental calculation looms more largely in an owner's mind as a dog gets older, and thoughts turn to how long the pet has left.
But if that stat were really true then Meg would have been 135 years old when she died, which seems very unlikely.
No human is known to have lived beyond 122.
So if the seven dog years to one human year is wrong how do we work out an accurate calculation?
Dogs are the most diverse mammal species on the planet. They can vary in weight from 6 lb (3kg) to 200 lb (90kg) when fully grown and have widely differing body shapes and hair types.
This also means that there is a lot of variation among breeds in terms of life expectancy. And unexpectedly, small dogs like Meg live longer than big ones.
More or Less: Behind the stats Listen to More or Less on BBC Radio 4 and the World Service, or download the free podcast Download the More or Less podcast More stories from More or Less
"If you think about statistical correlation between average life span and body size in mammals it generally tends to be positive - gorillas, elephants and whales are much longer lived than shrews, voles and mice," says Daniel Promislow, professor of genetics at the University of Georgia.
That would lead you to believe that Great Danes would live longer than Chihuahuas but it's the other way round.
Promislow has his own theory why this is.
"The disease that shows the strongest correlation with size is cancer," he says.
"We know that cancer goes up even faster with age than mortality does. The rate of cancer increases very dramatically with age - the same as in humans."
So it may be because the risk of cancer increases so much, and because large dogs are at such a higher risk of dying of cancer (roughly 50% chance), that large dogs generally have shorter lives than small dogs (roughly 10% chance of dying of cancer).
Image caption Ben with Meg in 2011
This is true despite the fact that small dogs reach adulthood faster than big dogs.
"Small dogs reach skeletal and reproductive maturity sooner than larger breeds. Once they've achieved those measures of adulthood they carry on to live longer," says Dr Kate Creevy, assistant professor of internal medicine at the University of Georgia.
In other words, small breeds have a shortened juvenile period and an extended adulthood.
How to calculate your dog's true age For first two years: 12.5 years per human year for the first two years for small dogs
10.5 years per human year for the first two years for medium-sized dogs
9 years per human year for the first two years for large dogs For years 3+: Small: Dachshund (Miniature) 4.32, Border Terrier 4.47, Lhasa Apso 4.49, Shih Tzu 4.78, Whippet Medium 5.30, Chihuahua 4.87, West Highland White Terrier 4.96, Beagle 5.20, Miniature Schnauzer 5.46, Spaniel (Cocker) 5.55, Cavalier King Charles 5.77, Pug 5.95, French Bulldog 7.65
Dachshund (Miniature) 4.32, Border Terrier 4.47, Lhasa Apso 4.49, Shih Tzu 4.78, Whippet Medium 5.30, Chihuahua 4.87, West Highland White Terrier 4.96, Beagle 5.20, Miniature Schnauzer 5.46, Spaniel (Cocker) 5.55, Cavalier King Charles 5.77, Pug 5.95, French Bulldog 7.65 Medium: Spaniel 5.46, Retriever (Labrador) 5.74, Golden Retriever 5.74, Staffordshire Bull Terrier 5.33, Bulldog 13.42
Spaniel 5.46, Retriever (Labrador) 5.74, Golden Retriever 5.74, Staffordshire Bull Terrier 5.33, Bulldog 13.42 Large: German Shepherd 7.84, Boxer 8.90
Large dogs, on the other hand, may take two years to get to their fully mature skeletal body size and then they may only live another four or five years.
The Bulldog for example only lives on average until it's six years old whereas a Border Terrier lives on average to the age of 14.
What this means is that small dogs age more quickly than big dogs in their first couple of human years but slower than big dogs once they hit adulthood.
So, bizarrely, a small dog is older than a big dog at two human years - but younger at five.
"It doesn't happen in any other animal," says Kate Creevy. "There isn't any other species which has within a single species the same degree of size diversity that dogs have. It's possible that by creating all of these diversely sized dogs that we unmasked this ageing phenomenon."
History of the domesticated dog Image copyright Thinkstock Archaeological evidence suggests the domestic dog appeared around 15,000 years ago
Over time man selectively bred dogs to encourage particular characteristics
In China dogs have been bred as pets for more than 2,000 years Source: Natural History Museum Discover more about dogs in the wild Watch how dogs hunt in packs
She argues that if scientists genetically engineered one cow weighing 20 lbs at adulthood and another weighing 2,000 lbs then the same thing could happen in cows.
Nobody knows where the seven dog years to one human year theory came from or at least no-one is claiming responsibility for it. It first appeared in maths text books in the 1960s and questions were set asking children to calculate the age of a dog using the 7:1 ratio.
For the dog species as a whole it's not a bad estimate at all.
If you factor in the varying rates of ageing in early part of a dog's life and the differing life expectancies a more accurate estimate across all breeds would be six dogs years to one human year.
However if you look at opposing ends of the spectrum a Bulldog will age an average of 13 years per human year whereas for a Miniature Dachshund it's just over four years.
And Meg, my Westie? She was not 135 but 109 when she passed away, the calculator suggests - ancient in human terms, but not unheard of. I think she'd have settled for that.
Here is a selection of longevity secrets of readers' pets who lived past 100 'dog years'.
You can follow the Magazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Share with your friends Submit
Far and away, the most frequently asked question I receive as a writer with bipolar and anxiety is, “How did you get to a place where you could be this open about your struggles?”
It's usually followed with a question like, “Aren't you scared?”
I used to be terrified. Like many folks with a mental illness, one of the first things we're told is to keep it to ourselves. At times, I existed in a cloud of shame that followed me around wherever I went. But that's just it – that's exactly why I came out and became such a vocal advocate for my community. It's because of that shame that I started talking about what I had been through. I was tired of feeling afraid, tired of feeling ashamed, and tired of seeing the stories of my community being told by people who just didn't get it. I wanted to tell my own story and to reach people like me who needed to know, without a doubt, that they were not alone.
Yes, it's scary to put yourself out there and tell the whole world – let alone family or friends – about what can be the darkest, most vulnerable part of our journeys. There are real risks involved, too, that people need to weigh when deciding who to tell about their illness(es) and when. Our safety, our security, our housing, and our jobs can all be at stake because mental illness, unfortunately, is a highly stigmatized status to hold in our society.
But when I weighed all of these risks, and I thought about my fourteen-year-old self, who was contemplating suicide because he felt utterly alone, I knew that I had an obligation to speak up. For me, if I could help make someone's burden a little bit lighter by being outspoken about my illnesses, the benefits far outweighed the risks.
I remember that the first place I looked for help as a teen was not a guidance counselor, not a parent or guardian, not a friend. Instead, I turned to Google. I searched for things like, “Help, I want to die” and “I'm depressed and I don't know what to do.” I remember, vividly, scouring the search results, looking for some kind of affirmation or something to hold onto.
The reality is that the stigma around mental health keeps us so silent that we'd rather ask Google what to do than ask our friends or family. We go it alone because we're ashamed, we're afraid, we're confused, we're overwhelmed, and we think that our struggles make us too much of a burden for others to deal with.
There was a time when Google knew more about my mental illnesses than my best friend did. After spending too many years feeling isolated, disconnected, and ashamed, I began to write about what I had been through. And, with time, that writing ceased to be a private exercise and instead, became the beginnings of a blog. That blog helped bring into sharp focus all of the reasons why being out as someone with bipolar and anxiety was the right decision for me.
Why am I out?
Because I want to build community around mental illness, especially for those who, like myself, are transgender and also grapple with these illnesses.
Because, too many times, I've received emails that said, “You're genderqueer and bipolar? I thought I was the only one.”
Because too many people think of folks with mental illness as anything but people – as criminals, or “psychos,” or burdens on society rather than fully human and deserving of every bit of compassion, respect, and dignity that all people should be afforded.
Because, when you take away the rights of people with mental illnesses – when you vote against important legislation or elect a politician who wants to strip us of the resources and support that we need – I want you to remember my face and remember my words.
Because visibility matters, and because I want teens to grow up in a world where, when they are searching for people who have lived through what they're going through, they can find them.
Because a teenager sent me a letter that said, “I found you through Google. I'm trans and I have bipolar. I didn't think I could be successful, but I look at everything you're doing, and you make me believe in something.”
Because I want to create a safe space for others to use their voices, too, so that together, the collective vibration of our voices will be an undeniable force.
Because you cannot deny our personhood, our worth, our brilliance, or our power when we work together.
Because teens would rather tell me they're suicidal through my Tumblr ask box than pick up the phone and call a hotline or a friend.
Because an article I wrote asking people not to ridicule someone with a mental illness was read in over 180 countries by millions of people around the world.
Because it was an article I never should have had to write in the first place.
Because no one with a mental illness should ever feel alone.
Because there is enough shame surrounding mental illness that we have to even consider whether or not to “come out.”
More Radical Reads: Mental Illness is not a “White Person Problem”: 4 Reasons Mental Illness is Ignored in the Latinx Community, and Why That Needs to End
Telling the world that I have bipolar disorder (and later, anxiety) was not an easy choice to make. Friends and family expressed concern, asking me whether I was sure I would want the word “bipolar” forever attached to my name for anyone in the world to see. Others told me it would be a career-ruining move that would haunt me for the rest of my professional life.
But in order for other people with mental illness to have a life – to have careers, to have a future – they need to know that they are not alone, and that others now thrive with these same illnesses that threatened to pull them under. When seeing is believing, visibility is everything. If living visibly means that I give someone with a mental illness the chance to keep going, I will keep the word “bipolar” forever, and I will proudly do the work that I'm doing, even if it means that a lousy potential employer puts my resume in the garbage.
There's something poetic about the fact that Google was the first place I found people like me, and that now, I am the person that people are finding when they search for help. Oh, how the tables have turned!
More Radical Reads: Living With Multiple Mental Illnesses: 7 Things To Know & How To Be a Better Ally
Even on the days when I feel afraid and question my decision to go public with my disorders, I remember what it felt like to turn the internet upside-down as a teen, looking for someone, anyone, who knew how I felt. If I can be that person for someone, the link that opens up their world and keeps them going, it will all have been worth it.
I'm grateful that I'm carrying the torch now after years of fighting to overcome these illnesses that tried to take my life. And I'll proudly carry that torch until the stigma around mental illness finally goes up in flames.
In order to continue producing high quality content and expanding the message of radical, unapologetic self-love, we need to build a sustainable organization. To meet these efforts, we're thrilled to share the launch of our #NoBodiesInvisible subscription service. This service will provide our community with access to additional content and rewards for your monthly investment in furthering our radical self-love work.
[Headline image: The black-and-white photograph shows the eyes, nose, and cheeks of a person who is looking to the side and down. The right side of the person's face is in shadow; the left side of the face is cross-crossed by the shadows from a Venetian blind.]
The Library at Night is a virtual exploration of 10 of the world's most fascinating libraries. It was designed by the Ex Machina production company and its artistic director, multidisciplinary artist Robert Lepage, based on an original idea by BAnQ.
Inspired by the essay of the same name by writer Alberto Manguel, the project's co-creator, the exhibition explores the philosophical, architectural and social foundations on which all libraries rest.
Upon entering the exhibition, visitors step into a recreation of Manguel's own library. They then move to an immersive forest landscape that provides a sharp contrast to the rigorous order usually associated with temples of knowledge. If, as Manguel writes, “the library in the morning suggests an echo of the severe and reasonably wishful order of the world, the library at night seems to rejoice in the world's essential, joyful muddle.”
Visitors then don headsets using 360° video immersion technology* that take them from Sarajevo's National and University Library, magically risen from the ashes, to Mexico City's Megabibliotheca, the stunning digital-age Biblioteca Vasconcelos, and from the legendary city of Alexandria to the bottom of the sea aboard Captain's Nemo Nautilus. There are a total of 10 famous places, both real and imaginary, to be visited on a one-of-a-kind journey for which BAnQ is your guide.
Neighbors near Aces New York complained of club-goers puking and urinating on their street. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Jeanmarie Evelly
ASTORIA — A strip club that neighbors say spits out noisy, drunken crowds puking and urinating on sidewalks and leaving used condoms in the street had its liquor license yanked after authorities deemed it "a focal point for police attention."
Aces New York, on 37th Avenue between 32nd and 33rd streets, had its liquor license canceled on Sept. 12 following a State Liquor Authority hearing in August that determined the club demonstrated a "sustained and continuing pattern of noise, misconduct or disorder," records show.
The hotspot, which had previously operated under the name System, has been a source of complaints for years. Neighbors have reported out-of-control crowds, people doing drugs or having sex outside, and patrons leaving liquor bottles and other debris behind on the sidewalks. A man was also shot in the foot outside Aces last year after a brawl inside the club spilled out into the street, police said at the time.
On Friday, the club posted what appeared to be a farewell note to its Instagram account, thanking patrons for "one hell of a run."
Ace Runs New York A post shared by AcesNewYork (@acesnewyork) on Sep 14, 2017 at 4:16pm PDT
But the club took a more defiant tone on Saturday, posting a clip from the movie "The Wolf of Wall Street," in which the main character played by Leonardo DiCaprio declares, "I'm not leaving."
Attempts to reach the club's management were not successful Monday, and an attorney for the business did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
The SLA's decision terminated the club's current liquor license, but it does not ban the business from applying for another one, as revoking the license would have done, according to the agency's rules.
On Sept. 7, Community Board 1 received notice that someone plans to apply for a new liquor license under the same address as Aces, though it's not clear yet if that applicant is affiliated with the club, CB1 manager Florence Koulouris said.
She said the community board receives "constant complaints" about Aces from those who live nearby.
"It abuts very residential and dense residential buildings," she said of the club. "They're all apartment buildings around it and it's a family-geared area."
Several of those neighbors showed up at a CB1 meeting last year to complain about the club, calling it "dangerous" and "ominous."
"I'm sick of living in a pool of urine surrounded by used condoms and discarded women's undergarments all over my sidewalk," one neighbor said at the time.
Ever wish your house lights could flash along with your game? Now they can.
A while ago, two unrelated things happened: I got one of those cheap RGB LED strips from Ebay, and I became interested in hardware hacking. If you aren't familiar with the LED strips, they're basically a long string of LEDs connected to a controller that usually supports an infrared remote control, which can be used to set the color and intensity of the lights.
When I started tinkering with hardware, I noticed a change: I started looking at common, everyday things around the house and thinking “I bet I could put a controller in that and write an API for it”. This led to a button that orders food when pressed, a rotary mobile phone, a wifi-enabled room fragrance sprayer (I haven't written that one up, it was too simple), a self-driving RC car (writeup coming up), etc. This is partly because, when you've bought and used a few components, you start being able to recognize roughly what the parts of a PCB are, rather than thinking about the PCB as “that weird green plate with all the odd-looking bumps that's inside my devices”.
Ever the shrewd observer, I quickly deduced that the little white box with the RF-receiver-looking-bit must be the controller for the strip, and resolved to open it and see the mysteries it might hold. Oh, how I dreamt of complicated arrays of component upon component, whose purpose I would quickly unravel with my trusty multimeter and zest for the engineered. However, when I finally did unravel the knot of how the complicated assembly held together and managed to open it up by pressing both sides at once, I was faced with a microcontroller chip and three MOSFETs, a kind of tiny electronic switch.
Puzzled that such complicated functionality as changing the color of a LED strip could be implemented by just three MOSFETs, I set out to figure out how the controller worked and how I could replicate that functionality in my designs.
The controller circuit
The circuit turned out to be pretty simple. A microcontroller just pulses the MOSFETs open and closed many thousands of times a second, and that controls the intensity of the different color LEDs in the strip. Each LED assembly actually consists of three smaller LEDs, one red, one green, and one blue. By alternating the intensity of each, you can make any color you want!
Sounds like a simple circuit, doesn't it? Well, that's because it is. However, by far the hardest part was finding a MOSFET type that was suitable for driving that much current. It turns out that you need a MOSFET that can:
Turn on and off at the low voltage (3.3V) and current (no idea) that an ESP8266 , my microcontroller of choice nowadays because of its embedded WiFi and general awesomeness, provides. Switch 12V, which is what my LED strip uses, and do it fast enough that the LEDs don't flicker. Handle the large amount of current that a long strip needs, without overheating, blowing up, or destroying the earth.
With the help of Martin Ayotte and the rest of the very helpful people in the ESP8266 Arduino Gitter channel, and after multiple false starts and months spent waiting for my orders to arrive from China, only to realize they were unsuitable for the project and start the cycle all over again, I finally found a type of MOSFET that would work: The AO3402 N-MOS, a nifty little component.
After that, the schematic was easy enough to draw and prototype:
It works exactly like how I imagine the original controller to work, i.e. it pulses the MOSFETs very very quickly to vary the intensity of the light that is produced. Since the ESP8266 has an embedded WiFi adapter, the LED controller can be controlled through WiFi with just a bit of code. The only problem was that the LED strip runs on 12V, whereas the ESP8266 runs on 3.3V, but a step-down converter together with an LDO, which is another kind of voltage regulator that's more suitable for small voltage drops, solved that very easily.
If you're wondering why I used two kinds of voltage converters, it's because the [tiny ESP8266 breakout I designed](https://github.com/skorokithakis/tiny-ESP8266-breakout) already includes the LDO, and I like the fact that I don't have to be too accurate with the output voltage of the step-down converter, as long as it's around 4-5V.
The hardware
Once I designed the schematic, routing the PCB was easy (and, by far, the most fun part). The only constraint that I had on the PCB was that I wanted to make it as small as possible, perhaps fitting four controllers on a 5cm x 5cm panel. This means that I'd get 40 controllers per fabrication run, which is much more than the two I'd ever need, but you can never have too many wifi-enabled light controllers!
The way the controller works is that you plug it in to a 12V adapter, it steps the 12V down to 5V, which then gets turned into 3.3V by the LDO, and the 12V is passed along to the LED strip, with the three RGB channels coming back to be connected to the ground via the three MOSFETs. To change each LED's luminosity, the MOSFETs are pulsed open and closed using the PWM functionality of the ESP8266, and voilà, our work is done.
The PCB is pretty simple, with the only wrinkle being the DC-DC converter. Since it's quite a sizable board (compared to the pretty-small controller) I didn't want to waste a bunch of space by adding its footprint to the PCB. What I ended up doing was to just have the step-down converter hover above the controller and connect to it with wires, which in practice worked out well enough.
The software
I wrote the software in good old ESP8266 Arduino, although I've been suitably impressed with Micropython lately and would like to try that as well.
The code itself isn't anything too special. It can be controlled either over MQTT, for easy discovery, or over UDP, for more… real-time applications (next section wink wink). It also uses mDNS for discovery, in case you want to use the UDP protocol to talk to it, which makes it easier to discover all the devices around the house. I'm not overly in love with mDNS, as it seems to be working spottily and not the way I would like it to, but it's passable and it's very easy to implement on the microcontroller.
You can find the complete source code for the controller, along with KiCAD schematics, footprints and a link to buy the paneled PCB directly in my Gitlab repository:
https://gitlab.com/stavros/gamelights/
It's called Gamelights, because of all the game stuff.
All the game stuff
One day, I was sitting around, playing Super Hexagon, as one does, when an idea struck me: What if I moved on from what is essentially a meandering, blathering introduction and got to the real point of this post? Forsooth, I will do this anon:
While playing Super Hexagon, as one, indeed, does, I thought it would be a fantastic idea if I could get the lights in my room to flash with the same color as the color on the screen. Seeing how I already had something I could control the color of, this seemed like a splendid idea. I immediately started to figure out ways to programmatically retrieve the screen color, but every idea I had, from screen captures (too slow) to directly reading the program's memory (too I-have-no-idea-how-to-do-this-and-I've-been-staring-at-Ida-for-hours) failed completely.
Determined to not be defeated, I emailed Terry Cavanagh, the creator of Super Hexagon, who loved the idea and promised to send me a custom build of the game that would emit various bits of information about what's going on. Unfortunately, he emailed me back a few days later saying that he was having problems implementing this, and that he didn't know how much time it would take to figure it out, so it wasn't looking possible.
Even more determined to not be defeated, I Googled around with increasing fervour, finally stumbling upon a post in the small hours of the morning. The post contained some arcane PyGTK voodoo that would capture an area of the screen in mere microseconds, rather than the two seconds that my previous approach took, and the method worked beautifully.
Connecting everything up, I managed to make something that would not only take the color from a specific pixel of the screen (the leftmost pixel of the top left progress bar, if you're curious), but would also perform a bit more sophisticated analysis to see what was happening in the game, and display some custom colors on death.
Without further ado, this is the glorious, glorious result, whereupon my television is ensconced in the brilliant Gamelights-controlled glow:
workaround
It took a surprising amount of LEDs just to do that (the screen is way, way bigger than it looks in the video), but when I said “the lights in my room”, I meant “the lights in the entire room“, so I am either going to buy a ton more LED strips or a bunch of Hue light bulbs and turn my house into an epileptic's worst nightmare.
The future
Given how awesome this project is, there is only one way forward: Integrate it into more games. Ideally, the games themselves would have some sort of API, or some other way to either communicate what's happening in the game so I can map colors to it, or a way to output colors directly, but this is wishful thinking. For best results, I need to make this work with every game separately, which is unfortunate, but I can start small.
Currently, my next project is to get the lights to flash along with Rocket League: Orange when orange team scores a goal, blue when blue team does, white when I touch the ball, or red when the opposing team does. Things like that. Imagine how fantastic it would be if, every time you scored a goal, the lights in the room went crazy and quickly flashed orange, or slowly and dejectedly pulsed blue every time you got scored on. That's right, you can't imagine it, because it defies imagination, that's how groundbreaking it is.
Epilogue
If any of you can help in any way, especially with reading game events from Rocket League or any other game, please leave a comment here or tweet to me. I am really excited about this project and want to get more things working with it, and not only limited to games, either.
For example, here are some ideas off the top of my head:
Slowly increase the lights' brightness the later it is after sundown.
Slowly turn the lights red the closer you get to bedtime.
Turn the lights on progressively five minutes before your alarm time in the morning.
Turn the office lights redder the slower the production website is.
Automatically turn the lights on when people yell “SURPRISE!” (for surprise parties or home invasions).
And much, much more!
I need to wrap this post up, or I can ramble on for ages about this, but do drop me a line if you're as excited by this as I am and have some good ideas.
Kisses!
Donald Trump's new campaign boss—the guy white supremacists are so excited about—once described D.C.'s top Republicans as “cunts.”
Stephen Bannon, the Trump campaign's new chief executive as of Wednesday, used the phrase two years ago in emails with Breitbart reporter Matt Boyle. Bannon ran Breitbart at the time, and the two schemed about how to get activists to “turn on the hate” as part of a plan to “burn this bitch down.” The emails, obtained by The Daily Beast, are just another reminder that the Trump campaign's new management is unlikely to play nice with party leaders.
The exchange took place on Dec. 16, 2014. In it, Bannon flagged a Roll Call story about a private meeting Rep. Jason Chaffetz held for about a dozen Capitol Hill reporters. Chaffetz was about to become chairman of the powerful Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and the meeting previewed his plans for the committee.
“Were we invited to this?” Bannon emailed.
Matt Boyle, then a Breitbart reporter and now its Washington political editor, replied that he wasn't.
“To be honest, completely between us, I think Chaffetz is a sniveling little shit and deserves to have his ass kicked in the conservative media,” Boyle continued. “This is something that leads me very heavily in that direction.”
In another email, Boyle went into more detail.
“Again I didn't get an invite but not sure if they maybe gave one to someone else here or something,” he wrote. “BTW— as for lighting people up in the next few weeks//months we need to be smart about it all. Let's play the game with brains here, we can't just kill them all. Let me get some feelers out for how the new congress is gonna work before we annihilate everyone.”
Bannon pushed for a more scorched-earth approach.
“Leadership are all cunts,” he wrote. “We should just go buck wild.”
Then he wrote, “Let the grassroots turn on the hate because that's the ONLY thing that will make them do their duty.”
Boyle concurred.
“You know I agree,” he replied. “Let's just not hurt ourselves in the process. If we're gonna burn this bitch down, to quote the great Louis Head, we need to make sure the fire doesn't burn us in the process. I'm working on plans with people right now to make it happen.”
Bannon and Boyle didn't return requests for comment on the exchange. Chaffetz's office didn't comment either.
But Bannon's slash-and-burn tendencies might not serve him as well in his new role.
Republican leadership hasn't changed much since December of 2014, except that Paul Ryan has taken John Boehner's spot as speaker of the House. Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Majority Whip Steve Scalise, and Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers were and still are the House's top Republicans. And Mitch McConnell is still the top Republican in the Senate.
And he seems to despise the newest member of House Republican Leadership, Paul Ryan. In fact, Bannon basically endorsed Ryan's unsuccessful primary challenger, a businessman named Paul Nehlen who floated the idea of deporting all Muslims from the U.S.
Republican leaders are not the only people Bannon has designated as cunts. He also used the term to refer to Michelle Fields, one of his former employees—and not just any old “cunt,” but a “fucking cunt.”
Despite Bannon's comfort with obscenity, his website published a story criticizing Clinton spokesperson Jess McIntosh for frequently saying “fuck” on Twitter.
A senior Republican Senate staffer said he found the emails amusing.
“I don't know what's dumber: the fact that they thought they could do this effectively, or that they were discussing it via email,” he said. “Does Matt Boyle and Steve Bannon not own phones? You'd expect this kind of antics from the wet bandits in Home Alone.”
Secretary of State designee Hillary Clinton has gotten word to her supporters not to get in the way of Caroline Kennedy replacing her in the Senate, the Politico reports
Clinton supporters who expressed skepticism of the pick, including Rep. Anthony Weiner, union leader Stuart Applebaum and fundraiser Robert Zimmerman, "were told that their comments weren't appreciated, and that if they have a candidate they prefer that is motivating their comments and actions, they need to make that crystal clear so that nobody thinks we're behind it." That's according to a person close to the replacement talks, reports Ben Smith.
(AP)
Some Kennedy skeptics are suggesting that picking Kennedy, an Obama supporter during the Democratic primaries, would be seen as a slight toward Clinton, but the former first lady herself does not appear to be of that view.
Jill Abramson, the former editor of the New York Times, teaches at Harvard and is writing a book about the transformation of news.
Anne-Marie Slaughter has good timing. When she wrote “Why Women Still Can't Have It All” in 2012, it became one of the most-read articles in the history of the Atlantic. Not long afterward, Sheryl Sandberg's book “Lean In” was climbing the bestseller list. They focused on the same question from different points of view: why so few women reach the very top.
Sandberg urged women to be more ambitious and not to leave their jobs prematurely because of fear over balancing work and family. Slaughter, who had recently left her post as the State Department's head of policy planning, described her agonizing choice to return home to her husband and sons, decrying a punishing, workaholic culture that defeats a lot of capable women with families. This was hardly a feminist catfight (though some in the media tried to portray it as such), since both authors shared the goal of seeing more women in power and amplified each other.
Now comes another clarion call from Slaughter, this time in her book “Unfinished Business.” It is being published just as a new question is percolating: Has the workplace, especially in the tech industry, become so cutthroat and brutal that it's impossible for anyone, of whatever gender, to have a sane life outside of work, family or no family?
Under heat, some companies are tripping over themselves to launch new family-friendly policies. Netflix announced last month that it will offer unlimited time off with pay for many new mothers and fathers for the first year after the birth or adoption of a child. (The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 provides for 12 weeks of unpaid leave for employees at companies of a certain size.) On Netflix's heels, Adobe said it will offer paid leave to employees who need to care for sick family members. Some companies will even pay for a nanny to accompany new mothers on business trips, will ship pumped breast milk home for traveling moms and will reimburse employees the cost of freezing their eggs. But Slaughter is convinced that, as long as big organizations penalize caregivers and reward employees who compete the hardest, not much will change.
“Unfinished Business” is part manifesto and part do-over of some sections of the Atlantic article. Aware that many people found the “having it all” mantra offensive because of its unrealistic, selfish connotations, Slaughter now regrets that it was the title of her piece, even though she recognizes that it “undoubtedly sold more magazines.” (So, certainly, did the cover art showing a pouting toddler crammed into Mommy's workbag.) She was also attacked for being a plutocrat feminist, concerned only with the high-class problems of affluent women. She has taken pains in her book to be more inclusive of service-economy and lower-skilled workers, though “Unfinished Business” still mainly speaks to the highly educated and affluent.
Slaughter also admits to being a bit naive about her work schedule when she took her position at the State Department, which required her to be in Washington Monday through Friday, far away from her husband and two sons in Princeton, N.J. In the book, she reprises some of the gripping scenes from the article, such as when Andy, her husband, called her at work to say one son had skipped school and had been picked up by the local police. “I received several urgent phone calls — inevitably on the day of an important meeting — that required me to drop what I was doing and take the first train back home.”
That experience caused Slaughter to question the feminist narrative she grew up with and had always championed. After quitting and returning to Princeton, she also began to ask why success meant valuing career achievement above all else.
As a manifesto, “Unfinished Business” is more radical. Change, Slaughter writes, “cannot be achieved within the system. The discussion must move from being about work-life balance to discrimination against care and care-giving.”
This is her central thesis. “I am not proposing to devalue competition; I am proposing to revalue care, to elevate it to its proper place as an essential human instinct, drive, and activity. If we can actually teach ourselves to value competition and care equally, to think that managing money and managing a household full of other human beings are equally valid and valuable occupations, we will be on the way to real equality between men and women.”
How do we get there? “If both men and women traded off caring and competition in more equal measure, then it would become much easier to customize both workplaces and careers to allow more time for both.” She stipulates that this could happen “tomorrow,” if men would join women in demanding it.
If this sounds utopian, it is, and Slaughter recognizes that she may be dismissed as being in “left-wing la-la land.” However, her case for revaluing and better compensating caregiving is compelling. Its attributes, including patience, adaptability, courage, humility and hope, would surely improve many organizations.
Absolutely vital, Slaughter argues, is getting men to demand change, too — a point that unites many feminists, including Sandberg and the actress Emma Watson, who has spearheaded the gender-equality HeForShe campaign at the United Nations. Several recent studies have shown that when family leave and flexible time off are offered only to women, the careers of the women who take advantage of these policies often suffer. That's less true when men use them.
Slaughter's husband, Andrew Moravcsik, just wrote his own Atlantic piece, “Why I Put My Wife's Career First,” urging fathers to take on primary parenting roles. But getting men to join the fight is complicated. Claire Cain Miller, who frequently writes about workplace culture for the New York Times, recently described how young millennial men have more egalitarian attitudes about family, career and child care. But as they age and move ahead in their careers, they find that they “aren't the dads they thought they'd be.” Researchers told Miller that men say, “I didn't realize how much of a ding it would be on my career” to devote more time to family.
Slaughter skillfully exposes half-truths in the workplace, such as viewing the scarcity of female leaders as a “women's problem” instead of a “care problem.” Women without children earn almost the same as men in many fields, while married mothers earn 76 cents on the male dollar. She's right that as long as the issue of work-life balance is portrayed as a woman's concern, things won't change.
She makes it a point in her book to speak beyond the elite and notes that no flexibility exists for low-income, hourly workers, including the women who occupy 62 percent of such jobs. She also includes voices of women of color who have criticized the feminist movement for being elitist and deepening gender segregation. She quotes Taig Smith, who prefers the term “womanist” to “feminist.” Slaughter believes that her call to revalue care can reunite women.
The book is organized in short sections with somewhat shopworn titles, such as “Focus on Results,” “Taking Charge” and “Have the Conversation with Your Boss.” She does cite specific policies and examples that might help revalue care, including changing school schedules to meet the needs of a digital economy instead of an agricultural one, and higher wages and training for paid caregivers.
It's hard to fault Slaughter for the largeness of her call for change, when women make up only 5 percent of Fortune 500 chief executives, occupy 15 percent of the most senior corporate positions and are still a big minority in Congress. And, as of 2013, women still earned only 82 percent of what men do. Forty-two million women in the United States live in poverty.
It does seem that, for us to achieve a truly egalitarian society in which men and women have an equal chance to rise in their careers and take equal responsibility for their families, everything has to change. Given political realities, including weakened unions, the persistence of the workaholic ideal and the fact that technology has so quickly enabled the 24-hour workday, though, I certainly don't share Slaughter's belief that change can happen overnight.
But she's right that there is something fundamentally wrong with a society that values managing money so much more than raising children well.
McLaren has become the first Formula 1 team to enter the esports arena, announcing World's Fastest Gamer – the world's most intense and demanding competition for virtual racers. It's a contest that will see the winner offered the best job in esports – a role with the Formula 1 team as one of its official simulator drivers.
World's Fastest Gamer is a collaboration between global sports and technology brand McLaren, founding partner Logitech G, a global leader in gaming gear and the founder of virtual motorsport's famous GT Academy, Darren Cox. McLaren welcomes two further partners for launch, sports media platform GIVEMESPORT and esport racing innovator Sparco.
The format pits the best gamers in the world across multiple racing platforms as they battle each other to discover the ultimate ‘champion of champions'.
The winner will be offered a one-year contract with McLaren to work in an official capacity as a simulator driver. They will work with engineers at the McLaren Technology Centre and at grand prix circuits across the world to develop and improve the machinery driven in the real world by the team's drivers, Fernando Alonso and Stoffel Vandoorne.
Billed as ‘the best job in esports', the battle to find McLaren's newest recruit will be viewable at every stage via a dedicated YouTube channel and McLaren's social media channels. Six international finalists will be hand-picked by experts in both gaming and Formula 1 to join this year's competition. A further four finalists will be selected from qualifying events online during summer 2017.
The grand finale, held at the McLaren Technology Centre in the autumn, will put all 10 hopefuls through one of the most rigorous job interviews in the world. Not only will they race against each other across a variety of different gaming titles on different platforms, they will also need to demonstrate their engineering know-how, ability to work as part of a team, and display the mental and physical strengths required for such a unique position.
McLaren Technology Group Executive Director Zak Brown said:
“This is a hugely exciting opportunity – not only within the gaming industry, but for everyone at McLaren and motorsport in general. We've long witnessed the growth of online sports gaming, and, right now, the parallels between the real and the virtual worlds have never been closer.
“This is absolutely the right time to be creating such a unique and exciting proposition; one that connects the worlds of racing and gaming in a way that's never been explored before.
“I'm particularly proud that McLaren, alongside our partners Logitech, Sparco and GIVEMESPORT, have staked a claim as the very first sports and technology brand to venture into the diverse and fast-growing world of esports.
“World's Fastest Gamer really aims to democratise the process of finding the best virtual racer out there. The contest isn't limited to one platform or one game; we're very keen not to restrict access or entry for people, but rather welcome the worldwide gaming community, whether that's on mobile or on high-end simulator platforms.
“And the winner will genuinely be a key part of our team at McLaren. This is for real: we absolutely require additional support across our two simulator platforms, so the competition and the selection process will be rigorous, ruthless and compelling to watch.”
Ujesh Desai, Vice President and General Manager, Logitech G commented:
"Logitech G has been in the esports world since the early days, and we're happy to now work with McLaren to lead the next mainstream esport obsession! Joining McLaren as a founding partner of the World's Fastest Gamer brings together our combined expertise on one virtual platform.
“Logitech G Driving Force racing wheels are engineered for extreme performance and are designed to win; we're proud to be able to provide them for these exciting events.
“Logitech G and McLaren share an obsession for speed, cutting-edge technology and the passion of millions of fans. We can't wait to see what the future will bring."
Darren Cox, IDEAS+CARS Chief Maverick Officer, added:
“Gaming and esports are growing at an astonishing rate. The football industry has recognised this, with the result that activity has exploded between the real world and the virtual world in the last 18 months. Now, World's Fastest Gamer will provide the focus for motorsport to talk directly to the huge numbers of passionate and dedicated gamers racing online – engaging and immersing them in the real world of racing.
“In McLaren and Logitech G, we have the perfect partner with whom to deliver this project: their constant focus on technical innovation and their authoritative position within motorsport's digital communication sphere are the obvious major benefits. However, to align with a global sports and technology brand that is renowned for producing some of the world's greatest Formula 1 cars, road cars, and that now applies insights from both to improve lives through its technology arm, gives us the opportunity to involve and integrate gamers from across a whole range of gaming platforms and racing interests.
“Motorsport will invest heavily in esports in the coming months and years, and World's Fastest Gamer is at the very forefront of that movement.”
Where the real world meets the virtual world…
With teams, leagues and players from the world of sport investing heavily in esports – from Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City, to West Ham United and the Philadelphia 76ers – virtual/reality collaborations are a fast-growing trend.
In the US, esports are already catching up with baseball and ice hockey. A recent US report found that 76% of esports enthusiasts now prefer the gaming equivalent to watching their favourite sports on TV.
esport is now one of the biggest sports in the world, with revenues now overtaking those of Hollywood. Global gaming is worth $100 billion, with year-on-year growth of almost 10%, and the esports global audience has already reached 300 million.
As viewership of motorsport is adjusting to new digital trends, and leading brands start to invest heavily in gaming instead of traditional sports sponsorship, the message for the sports industry is apparent: virtual sport offers a compelling way forward.
In the wake of last night's revelation that everyone in the world has a creepy NSA-shaped stalker, defenders of online liberty and generally angry internet people Anonymous have leaked a treasure trove of NSA documents, including seriously important stuff like the US Department of Defense's ‘Strategic Vision' for controlling the internet.
Advertisement
The documents — 13 in total — were posted online, along with an accompanying message full of the normal Anonymous bluster: people won't be silenced, they have the memory of trivia-master elephants, the governments of the world will fall, your average press release really.
The documents seem to mostly relate to PRISM and supporting operations, and mostly date from around 2008, supposedly not long after PRISM first reared its ugly head. One of the key things Anonymous has highlighted from the documents is the existence of an “intelligence-sharing network” that shares data gleaned from PRISM with “intelligence partners” around the world. Although we're still in the process of combing through the documents, you can bet your last Bitcoin that ‘intelligence' has been shared with British security services.
Hit up the documents for further details; just be warned that although this might look like the plot of a B-list movie starring Aston Kutcher, the docs themselves are incredibly dry and full of more acronyms than whatever presentation you should be working on. [Pastebin]
Advertisement
Update: As several have pointed out below, the papers Anonymous "leaked" were already publicly available. It's since been reported that the US does, in fact, share PRISM information with UK intelligence officials.
Image by Getty
For more information on what PRISM is and what it means to you, head here.
Advertisement
Our newest offspring Gizmodo UK is gobbling up the news in a different timezone, so check them out if you need another Giz fix.
JOHNSON CITY, Tenn. (Nov. 17, 2015) – Before a national television audience on ESPN2, the ETSU men's basketball team answered an early-morning wakeup call with a convincing 103-90 victory over the Horizon League's Green Bay Phoenix Tuesday morning inside Freedom Hall.
With a 6 a.m. tip time as part of ESPN's annual 24-hour college basketball marathon, a raucous crowd of 3,992 looked on as the Buccaneers overcame an early 15-4 deficit to improve to 2-0 on the season. Senior guard Ge'Lawn Guyn (Lexington, Ky.) led the way with a game-high 26 points and four other ETSU players reached double figures in the victory.
While Green Bay dropped to 0-2 on the year after falling in overtime to Stanford in its season opener on Friday night, the Bucs eclipsed the 100-point mark in back-to-back games for the first time since the 2005-06 season.
“What a great win for our program,” said ETSU's first-year head coach Steve Forbes. “Playing on ESPN is such a showcase for our school and our city, and I think our fans did a great job of showing up. They helped us because the atmosphere was great.
“I think our depth wore them down. I've said it all along that we are a deep team and I think that was a difference today. They have a really nice team, so this is a big win for us.”
The Bucs certainly displayed their depth in this one, as 11 players saw action and ETSU's bench players outscored the Phoenix, 36-16. One of those that stood out off the bench was junior forward Benny Lufile (Burlington, Ontario, Canada), who provided a first-half spark and finished the game with 10 points and seven rebounds.
Along with Guyn and Lufile, the Bucs also got 17 points from junior guard T.J. Cromer (Albany, Ga.), 12 from junior forward Isaac Banks (New Orleans, La.) and 10 from junior guard A.J. Merriweather (Jackson).
For Green Bay, the trio of guard Carrington Love, along with posts Kenneth Lowe and Jordan Fouse proved challenging for the Bucs. Lowe finished with 23 points and nine rebounds, Love pitched in 22 points, and Fouse ended the game with a double-double effort courtesy of 15 points and 13 rebounds.
The Bucs looked a bit sluggish in the early going, as the Phoenix jumped out to a 15-4 lead four minutes into the game and forced Forbes to call timeout. After the break, ETSU responded behind the play of Lufile, as the Bucs outscored Green Bay 31-11 over the next 10 minutes to take a 35-26 advantage.
ETSU's lead grew to as many as 11 late in the first half, but the Phoenix scored four points over the final minute of play to make it 48-41 at the break. In the first half, Lufile finished with a team-high 10 points and six rebounds, as the Bucs shot 48 percent from the floor and out-rebounded Green Bay 27-22.
For the second straight game, Guyn asserted himself in the second half. After Green Bay got to within four at 58-54, Guyn scored the Bucs' next 11 points to hold the Phoenix at bay.
Leading by six with 10 minutes left, a 3-pointer by senior forward Lester Wilson (Knoxville) helped ignite the Bucs' offense and increased the lead to double digits, where it remained the rest of the game.
For the game, ETSU shot 51 percent from the floor and 91 percent at the foul line. The Bucs also held Green Bay to just 41 percent shooting and a 26.7 percent clip from 3-point range. ETSU also dished out 17 assists on the night.
After a pair of home games, the Bucs will now hit the road for three straight road contests beginning Friday evening at Villanova. Game time against the Wildcats is set for 7 p.m. in Philadelphia, Pa.
For more on ETSU men's basketball throughout the 2015-16 season, visit ETSUBucs.com and click on the men's hoops link.
With Greece, the mistakes were legion. But a fresh start is now possible. Forgive the troika's Greek debt. With a primary surplus—fiscal revenues above expenditures—and with now a very low public debt burden, Greece can start afresh with private creditors.
The European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs, Pierre Moscovici's unnecessary—and unseemly—visit to Athens served to spotlight Europe's corrosive politics. Mr. Moscovici chose to all but endorse Antonio Samaras, the beleaguered Greek Prime Minister, who promises to play by the European Union's dysfunctional rules. And the Commissioner described as “suicidal” the positions held by the opposition party Syrzia, which may well lead the next government and correctly deems the EU's rules to be intolerant.
His boss, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, weighed in by expressing his preference for Greece to be led by “known” faces.
Greece should not have been a member of the eurozone
Greece should not have been a member of the eurozone. But after the German Chancellor Helmut Kohl ensured Italy's inclusion in May 1998, Spain and Portugal were waived in. So, the inevitable Greek entry came in 2002. By then, any vestige of economic good sense in the euro's construction had been abandoned in the name of peace and friendship, a cause that Moscovici and Juncker presumably seek to promote.
From October 2009, when Greek authorities acknowledged that they had lied about their fiscal accounts, to May 2010, the claim was that the problem would go away without external help. When eventually the troika—the European Commission, the European Central Bank, and the International Monetary Fund—put together a large bailout fund, the manifestly untenable claim was that Greece would repay its private creditors in full. In July 2011, the repayment terms on the troika's debt were eased, but it was too little too late. Large losses were eventually imposed on private Greek creditors but not before harsh austerity caused an extraordinary slump in growth and lasting misery.
Pretty much every time there was a choice between the right and wrong decision, the wrong one was taken.
Today, the only right way forward is for the troika to allow Greece to repay its official creditors in, say, 100 years. This will effectively mean debt forgiveness but the cosmetics may help German leaders tell their citizens that they will be repaid.
But, of course, the system fights back all rational thinking. Ireland and Portugal will yelp that they also deserve more relief on their troika borrowings. More fundamentally, the forgiveness will directly contravene the Lisbon Treaty's no-bailout provision, which prevents one member state from paying another's debts. That would call into question the constitutionality of the European Stability Mechanism, which was approved by the European Court of Justice on the basis that the loans from the facility would be repaid with an “appropriate margin.”
Through this crisis, Greece has been at the leading edge of testing the eurozone's most idealistic goal: greater political unity
At some point, a new fork in the road has to be taken. Today, Greece offers an opportunity to modestly test the eurozone's pressure points. The stakes are high not just for the resolution of the crisis but for the future shape of Europe. Through this crisis, Greece has been at the leading edge of testing the eurozone's most idealistic goal: greater political unity. Moscovici's visit to Athens accentuates just how far that goal has been setback.
It is easy to label the forces that wish to loosen European tethers as reactionary. But that does not help. These same debates are being played out in Spain and will inevitably appear in Italy, which is being sucked into a debt-deflationary cycle. The discordant politics will make the resolution of economic challenges ever harder, and the politics will grow every more discordant.
With Greece, the mistakes were legion. But a fresh start is now possible. Forgive the troika's Greek debt. With a primary surplus—fiscal revenues above expenditures—and with now a very low public debt burden, Greece can start afresh with private creditors. The task of monitoring Greek fiscal accounts must shift from Mr. Moscovici's office in Brussels—and from German officials—to private creditors.
Private creditors who will own newly-issued Greek debt will also unambiguously bear the burden of future defaults, ideally automatically and incrementally through sovereign “cocos,” (contracts that specify debt restructuring at pre-agreed levels of distress). A one-time violation of the no-bailout provision would be accompanied by a credible new no-bailout regime. And Greece will remain under pressure to reform and manage its public finances, but under a less politically-charged regime.
The euro's credibility can be rebuilt only step-by-step
The euro's credibility can be rebuilt only step-by-step. The time for grand gestures, such as quantitative easing by the ECB, has come and gone: little economic benefit will accrue.
Instead, Greece—which has been a source of endless disruption—can, for once, be the edge that leads onwards to a more fundamental change in the eurozone's architecture. Loosening European ties and allowing countries some real flexibility in managing their national affairs may, in fact, be the only way of stopping the march of the most egregious forms of European nationalism. It may be the only way to give Greece a real chance—and it may be the only way to save the euro.
Read more:
A New Greek Test for Europe
Kohl's Euro
Brock Lesnar has returned to the WWE, taking his vast PPV drawing power with him. However, he has not entirely left the UFC behind as was expected, but rather is talking it with him too.
On Monday Night Raw he talked about winning the UFC championship, and how his return will legitimize the WWE. Entire video is at bottom.
“I left the WWE, everybody thought, here's a guy, there's no way in hell he's gonna make it in the UFC, but I climbed that mountain and became UFC Heavyweight Champion of the world and I proved everybody wrong. Why did I come back to the WWE? This isn't a feel-good moment. This isn't ‘Oh I miss coming through the curtain, I miss all the fans.' At the end of the day, I don't care about anybody but Brock Lesnar. For me this is strictly business … There's nothing about Brock Lesnar that's fake. It was very evident last week when I took John Cena down and busted his mouth open. This is real. What's running through John Cena's mind? I don't give a crap what's running through his mind. What's more important is what's running down his leg. Piss. The guy's scared. S—-ing his pants is what he's doing. This isn't a wrestling match on April 29, this is an ‘Extreme Rules' match. I got one objective in mind: Utter freakin' chaos. Bring the pain to John Cena. I'm comin' for a fight John Cena. What makes me happy? Beatin' people up, that makes me happy.”
Then they played footage of Brock MMA training at his Deathclutch facility.
Brock will return to the squared circle in a match vs. John Cena at “Extreme Rules” on April 29, with no count outs and no disqualifications. In short, the WWE is promoting Lesnar vs. Cena as an actual shoot (a ‘shoot' is a legitimate match between pro wrestlers, a ‘work' is the usual choreaographed routine, a ‘fix' is a match in fighting where one player knows the predetermined outcome while the other thinks it is real).
Now images have turned up showing Brock in MMA themed wrestling attire, complete with MMA gloves (no logo) and MMA shorts (with that Jack's Links logo, among others). These are the first sponsored trunks ever in WWE, and if worn on a PPV will be another major revenue stream for Lesnar, and another piece of MMA he is brought with him.
The WWE, like the UFC, ferociously protects its brand, so the addition of a UFC theme to the WWE is a major and very calculated step. It will probably work, too. While the WWE's sole foray into reality – the boxing with double legs Brawl For It All – is widely considered to be among its greatest missteps, dragging the UFC into the storyline should prove successful.
Expect big numbers for Brock's return to PPV.
× Expand A broken Bike Share dock at Queen and Ossington. Photo by Ben Spurr.
Cycling advocates rejoiced last year when the city announced it was stepping in to rescue the troubled Bixi bike share service.
In April the Toronto Parking Authority took over the struggling company, which was at risk of defaulting on a $4.5-million bank loan, and outsourced its management to the experienced Portland-based Alta Bicycle Share. Bixi became Bike Share Toronto, and an important part of the city's transportation network was saved.
But the transition from Bixi to Bike Share has not been smooth. Some members are reporting that the system has deteriorated significantly over the past few months. They say it's increasingly hard to find a bike or a place to dock one, docking stations are broken and aren't being repaired, and some of the bikes have even become unsafe, turning what is supposed to be a convenient service into an ordeal.
James Redekop, a software developer, has been a bike share member for three years. He takes the GO train from Highland Creek to Union Station, and then rides Bike Share up to his office near King and Jarvis.
He says that under Bixi he could usually find a place to park his bike at the station nearest his office, and only about once a month would he arrive to find that all the docks were already taken. "Since the handover it seems like it's closer to weekly," he says. "When it has happened, it's been harder to find a fallback station because my usual fallback station [at Princess and Adelaide] has been completely inactive."
Now, to find a free dock he sometimes has to backtrack below St. Lawrence Market, and if he can't find an open dock there, he ends up back where he started at Union Station.
Steve Fisher, an arts writer and listings editor for Torontoist, has also been a member since 2011. On Tuesday he rode to the station closest to his home, at Wellesley and Sherbourne, and although the station display said one spot was open, the only free dock was broken and wouldn't accept his bike.
Two weeks ago when he couldn't find a dock, he tried calling Bike Share's help line to be directed to an available station. The woman who answered was at a call centre in Idaho. "She sent me to two non-existent locations. In her system they still showed as operative, and they'd been gone [for a while]," he says. It took him an hour to get rid of the bike. "I was a little frustrated."
A bank worker named Renval, who asked that his last name not be used, had terrifying experience on his way to work last week. The Spot Cycle app told him there were four bikes available at the station near his house at Niagara and Richmond, but when he got there none of them were in service. So he walked over to Ossington and Queen where he found a working bike. Already late, he sped east on Queen-only to discover the bike's brakes didn't work. He had to stop himself with his feet.
"That was probably one of the scariest moments of my life," he says. "You start pedaling as fast as you can, you get to a red light and you can't stop... Nobody should have to deal with that."
When he bought his first membership a year ago Renval was such a strong advocate for the program that he says he enquired about doing a charity ride along Lake Ontario on a Bixi bike. Now he's considering letting his membership lapse when it comes due next month. "It just doesn't seem worth it anymore," he says.
Scott Hancock, Alta's general manager for Bike Share Toronto, says he's "a hundred per cent aware" that the system's problems are mounting. He attributes the deterioration to the recent bankruptcy of Bixi's parent company, the Montreal-based Public Bike System Company (PBSC), which was the main source of replacement parts for bike share systems across North America.
PBSC filed for bankruptcy in January and "the supply of parts to maintain the system disappeared", Hancock says. "The entire supply chain was disrupted."
Toronto's system isn't the only one that's been affected. This spring, Washington, DC's Capital Bikeshare put a planned expansion on hold because it was unable to buy new infrastructure from PBSC.
Alta has tried to find other sources for the parts but some of the system's components are propriety and belong to PBSC. In April a Quebec businessman bought PBSC's international operations, and Hancock is hopeful that "eventually they'll be able to re-establish their supply of parts."
In the meantime, Bike Share Toronto is operating at reduced capacity. Seventy-five of the system's 1,500 docks and two entire stations are currently out of service and can't be fixed until new parts arrive. "That's five per cent of our capacity gone, and that hurts," says Hancock.
In addition to the problems with the docks, many of the bikes are overdue for maintenance. Typically, the vehicles are supposed to undergo a major rebuild once every two years, in order to replace vital parts like their chains, drivetrains, and hubs. When Alta took over in April, Hancock says that only about 20 per cent of the 1000-bike fleet had been overhauled over the winter, and instead of taking the bikes out of service as the busy riding season approached, Alta opted to do basic repairs but defer the rebuilds until the fall.
Hancock is optimistic that Alta can fix Bike Share, but predicts it could take months to restore the system to full health.
"I'm hoping that for next year the system is completely established. We're going to put a lot of remediation into it this fall," he vows.
Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong, the Public Works chair who engineered the TPA's takeover of Bixi, did not return a request for comment. But Marie Casista, the TPA's VP of Real Estate, Development, and Marketing, has no doubt that Alta will ride out what she describes as "growing pains."
"It is the largest bike share management company in North America. They run major systems," she says. "And we are quite confident in their ability to manage and to operate the system in the first class manner that we desire."
So far, it doesn't appear that Bike Share's struggles have affected its membership. Numbers provided by Alta show that the program now has 3,919 members, up from 3,544 at this time last year. It's logged 276,388 rides since April 1.
But the program has historically struggled to make money; last year Bixi was between $100,000 and $200,000 short of breaking even. A search for a major corporate sponsor has yet to yield results (although Casista says the TPA has held positive talks with a number of interested parties).
Bike Share's supporters have long argued it needs to expand beyond the 80 stations it has in the downtown core, and sign up as many as 6,000 members if it's going to become financially viable.
Although plans to add 22 stations in 2014 were announced in December, the timeline for their arrival has now been pushed back to spring of 2015. It could be difficult to grow the system until the existing operations are stabilized.
bens@nowtoronto.com | @BenSpurr
Arnold Schwarzenegger set off his third consecutive box-office bomb with “Sabotage” this weekend, but it's going to take more than that to stop him from making movies.
It's a little like his character in “The Terminator,” who just keep's coming back despite taking some major blows. And for the record, Schwarzenegger will begin shooting a fifth “Terminator” movie in a few weeks.
“Sabotage,” a David Ayer-directed thriller about a drug bust gone bad, took in just $5.2 million this weekend for Open Road Films. That's the worst wide opening ever for the 66-year-old action star, and his third straight flop since the former California governor returned to the big screen. Last year's “Escape Plan,” in which he co-starred with Sly Stallone, opened to $9.2 million, and “The Last Stand” was even worse with $6.2 million.
Also read: ‘Sabotage' Review: Schwarzenegger Came Back to Hollywood for This?
Schwarzenegger's roughly 30 movies have made more than $4 billion at the worldwide box office since his first movie, “Hercules in New York,” debuted in 1970. But his biggest hits, like the “Terminator” movies, “True Lies” and “Total Recall” came decades ago.
The Governator's camp wasn't commenting Sunday, but it's clear he's not quitting any time soon. The superstar already has two movies in post-production, and more films in the works.
One is “Maggie,” a post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Henry Hobson that co-stars Abigail Breslin and Joely Richardson. He's one of the producers on the low-budget Gold Star Films project, which follows a teenage girl in the Midwest who becomes infected by a disease that slowly turns the victims into zombies. It's set to open later this year, but doesn't have a release date yet.
The second is “The Expendables 3,” the latest in the series of bad-ass geezer films from Avi Lerner‘s Nu Image/Millenium Films. The first two brought in nearly $580 million at the worldwide box office, with the vast majority of that coming from abroad.
Also read: ‘Noah' Rides Controversy to $44 Million Box-Office Triumph
That's significant, because Schwarzenegger can still be a force at the overseas box office. The best evidence of that would be “Escape Plan” which, despite topping out at $25 million domestically, brought in more than $112 million internationally. It was a major hit in China, while taking in nearly $41 million, and may yet spawn a sequel.
“The Expendables 3,” which is set for an Aug. 15 release via Lionsgate in the U.S., is a veritable who's who of aging acting stars including Stallone, Jet Li, Mel Gibson and Harrison Ford, among others.
“Arnold has been a box office bust in the U.S. ever since he came back from his political tour of duty, and even before that his star was steadily falling,” Exhibitor Relations vice-president and senior analysts told TheWrap. “The reason he's still being offered modestly budgeted action films at his age is the fact that overseas audiences are still smitten with the aging action star.
“Obviously it ain't 1986 over here anymore, but he can still flex his muscles abroad,” said Bock.
Schwarzenegger has several projects in development, including “Terminator: Genesis,” which Paramount has set for July of 2015. Alan Taylor (“Thor: The Dark World”) is directing and James Cameron, who directed and wrote “The Terminator” in 1984, returns to write the script on that one.
Also read: ‘Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Opens to Huge $75 Million Overseas
Also on his schedule are Universal's “The Legend of Conan,” Montecito Pictures' Ivan Reitman-directed “Triplets,” in which he'll re-team with his “Twins” co-star Danny DeVito, and a remake of “The Toxic Avenger.”
There's also a TV movie written by Steve Banks, “The Governator.”
I have been with my fwb Kelly for over two years now. In the meantime I am pretty sure we both have dated and seen other people. For me she has been my consistent, drama free girl.We both do pretty well for ourselves we are urban professionals, no kids etc. Everything prior to this has indicated she is a happy person.
Wednesday night she ended up coming to my place, she brought over a pintrest recipe that she wanted to make together. We made food, had sex, she wanted to spend the night. I told her that she can spend the night on Saturday that I have work tomorrow. She insisted, I told her it isn't happening. She told me alright and headed off to the bathroom.
I am on my computer and then I hear crying, and she locked herself in the bathroom having a breakdown. She starts crying how she is a failure in life, that her sister has a family, and she is wasting away her life sucking dick and a bunch of other stuff. She sobbed for like an hour and a half, and then I walked to her car. She texted me the next morning saying that she was sorry about it. I called her she declined saying that she is still emotional and didn't want to talk.
I sent her a couple texts she didn't reply to but then she texts me out of the blue about an hour a go asking if we are still on for Saturday. I really don't know whats going on with her. I am friends with her sister on fb, if I was I would contact her sister, but Kelly might be embarassed and not want to talk about it. Legitimately I don't know what to do here, Kelly seems to just want to forget this whole break down like it never happened. I am kind of worried about her and I really don't want her to do anything crazy in my place.
tl;dr- fwb had a break down, I don't know what to do, she still wants to see me tomorrow.
Marvel is going to release their Star Wars #1 comic book on January 14th, 2015, and according to reports, it has potential to be the best selling comic in the past two decades. ComicBook.com says that Marvel will sell a million copies of the comic when when it's released next year. It's hard to tell if that will actually be the case, but I guess it could happen.
These comics will be set shortly after the destruction of the first Death Star in Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope. So it takes place between then and The Empire Strikes Back. There are three comics that are being coordinated with Lucasfilm to make sure that they line up with both the original films and whatever is coming in Episode VII, VIII, IX and whatever else Lucasfilm in planning.
Princess Leia #1, kicking off a five-issue miniseries in March, 2015 by writer Mark Waid and artist Terry Dodson.
Star Wars #1, launching in January, 2015 from writer Jason Aaron and artist John Cassaday.
Darth Vader #1, following close behind in February, 2015 by Kieron Gillen with art by Salvador Larroca.
The comic publisher is also offering a ton of variant covers for the comic. I've included thirty of them here for you to check out! I'm sure there will be more to come.
Relephant reads:
For 2014, I made several resolutions, and among them I am giving up kale.
Yes, I am throwing it out, once and for all. I will no longer look at its deep dark greenery sitting on the produce shelf and think that within its lush and fertile folds lie the mysteries of life. And guess what? I have recently learned that it is actually bad for me . But more on that later.
Of course, I will make an exception for a kale chip smothered in olive oil and salt and toasted to where the nutrients are fried right out of its hair. Anything smothered in olive oil and salt is pretty good.
But kale and I are breaking up. I've been divorced before and I know how to do it amicably. You have to be quick and firm about it, and be clear that it's not you, kale, it's me. This makes the other half feel superior so they can move on too.
From now on, and this is my resolution, I am no longer going to torture myself trying to do better. I'm not going to eat anything nasty and bitter even though it is the yoga mascot and I think it's going to make me more yogic. If my haters don't like this, they can suck it.
I know that as a (minor) celebrity yogi, I am supposed to eat kale. I am supposed to juice it and put pictures of it on Instagram. However, I am also a rabble rouser, so I am breaking with the pack and going my own way.
I made this decision several weeks ago, but I was afraid to write about it for fear of vicious yogic retaliation (don't believe me? See the vicious yogi comments on Facebook, already). I have many new sponsorships and magazines for which I'm writing this year, and I've been afraid to let them know of my decision. While the elephant journal will allow for dissension in the ranks and non-kale-eaters, other yoga voices will not. So now I am coming clean because a closet is a small space to live one's life.
Here is the kicker, and if you are still reading (God knows why you would be, unless you want to more clearly formulate your argument about why I should die for being so unyogic) I have just learned that kale is actually, wait for it, very bad for me!
I have hypothyroidism, and if you have a lazy thyroid you should not eat kale. Oh My God!
Up to now, I've been eating it, juicing it, mulching it, putting it in my kids' oatmeal, and even in my vodka. I stick it in soups, stews and smoothies. I am probably, single-handedly, supporting the international kale stock exchange.
Kale, along with other cruciferous vegetables such as cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, bok choi, turnips and watercress (which is pretty much my entire diet) will I-don't-know-what-the-eff-they-are-talking-about to your thyroid. Right? Because that's what I understood when I read the scientific research.
My doctor simply said, don't eat it, and I knew right away this was a sign from the Universe that I was right to give it up.
So now that I have been validated in this divorce, no matter what the yogis say, I am leaving kale. Remember, it's not you, kale, it's me.
If you want to find me, I'll be making out with the spinach from now on.
Want 15 free additional reads weekly, just our best?
Editor: Catherine Monkman
Photo: sleepyneko/Flickr.
This 1940 Lincoln Zephyr Club Coupe is said to be an all-original, running, driving car in need of some moderate rust repair and brakes. The seller also suggests it'd make a great restoration or street rod candidate, but we think either one would be a shame—fix what needs fixing and leave it exactly as-is, patina and all. Any survivor with a factory flathead V12 and column shifted manual is cool by default. Find it here on eBay in Monee, Illinois with a $12k BIN.
​The car looks remarkably straight and complete outside, and the shade of blue it wore from new was seemingly made with a 75 year old patina in mind. Hard to find trim pieces like the intricate grille slats, lights, bumpers, and hood handle are all intact, as is all glass except for the opening side windows—perhaps they're just rolled down in photos. We'd fix any unseen rot and otherwise preserve its current, beautifully dilapidated state with no regrets.
​Inside and behind the doors the floor seems to be in rough shape, but provided the crud seen on rockers is just heavy surface corrosion the remainder of rust shouldn't be too difficult to fix. Either way, it's still a worthy project in our opinion, but depending on which way it goes things could get expensive given the unibody construction. Gauges are said to be working, and even the upholstery seems to have held up rather well over the past three quarters of a century. We'd source a horn button and tidy up the dash, but just like the exterior it'd be best to avoid doing anything more than what is strictly necessary.
​Underhood, the 292 CI V12 looks very complete and very grimy. We'd degrease it a bit, but not too much. Based on Ford's flathead V8s and not Lincolns existing KB series of twelve cylinders, these 75 degree motors are dead simple with good parts availability. Mileage is said to be 48k, which given the overall condition of the car isn't entirely unbelievable. The car has been driven, but brakes are inop, the seller using the emergency brake for stopping during the test drive.
​We really hope this one escapes restoration or hot rodding. Fix the rust, throw some brakes on it, and head for the nearest meet-up for instant star status.
The UK is to expel an Israeli diplomat over the use of 12 forged British passports linked to the murder of Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, Foreign Secretary David Miliband has confirmed.
On 23 March 2010, Mr Miliband told the Commons that there were "compelling reasons" to believe Israel was responsible for the passport "misuse".
He said: "The government takes this matter extremely seriously. Such misuse of British passports is intolerable."
Israel says there is no proof it was behind the killing in Dubai in January.
But Mr Milband said it was "highly likely" the Israeli secret service Mossad was involved and the fact that Israel was a close ally added "insult to injury".
He added: "Such misuse of British passports is intolerable. It presents a hazard for the safety of British nationals in the region.
"It also represents a profound disregard for the sovereignty of the United Kingdom."
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague supported the government's actions.
"We cannot permit the cloning of, interference with, or misuse of British passports by another state," he said.
Liberal Democrat spokesman Ed Davey also supported the government's measures and said it was "intolerable" that a close ally should treat Britain in this way.
He told Mr Miliband: "It is difficult to get the correct balance when dealing with a state like Israel which is a close friend of this country but I believe you have judged it well."
MLSsoccer.com is on the verge of launching a new, innovative live digital experience. It's the next generation MatchCenter, if you will.
We nicknamed it Golazo! during the development phase, a term we throw around the office a bunch when discussing the merits of the goals we watch. ("Was that a golazo or no?") It seemed appropriate considering the audaciousness of the project.
The Golazo! MatchCenter is loaded with social media that connects the digital experience with the conversation happening on Twitter and the real-life in-stadium experience. It has cool (and colorful) statistical representations, videos of the action, photos from fans on Instagram, and more.
Right now, the Golazo! MatchCenter is still in beta, as the digirati like to say, which means we're still making adjustments and improvements. So please let us know what you think, what other things you'd like to see, and whether you like it or not.
CHECK OUT GOLAZO NOW!
BigFoot Sightings
The most recent Sasquatch observation has been recorded by the bigfoot field researchers organization (BFRO) on may thirty, 2012 by a lady in Georgia. it was a residential neighborhood near Lake Cheehaw and Keechafoonee Creek in Lee County.
Reported: the woman went outside to place her trash barrel at the road around midnight. the sole light was the structure lights on the house behind her. once she walked round the corner of the house, she saw what gave the impression of something standing at her neighbor's fence. What she reports she saw was standing at the rear of the fence, on her facet of the fence, maybe, however undecided. She reports seeing a silhouette standing one and a half feet to two feet higher than the fence. All she may have seen was the silhouette of the shoulders and head and hair protruding up over the fence. It's hair was long and it was standing still. solely the hair would move, she reports.
She thought it had been an individual who had stopped and stood still once it saw her. however accomplished it had been too huge to be someone. She admits having unhealthy vision at nighttime, and even wears glasses. However, she does have a masters degree, and remains a logical person. She originally shrugged it off as shadows taking part in tricks on her within the darkness. however she still felt uneasy and ran within her home as quick as she could.
The next day she went outside and searched for whatever it had been which may have give the impression of a Sasquatch. however there was nothing there. No plants, or trees, nothing leaning against the fence, no epiphytic plant, simply a fence. whereas that corner of the yard is dark and lights barely shine there from the windows, there was undoubtedly nothing taller than the fence and nothing that appeared like a head and shoulders. She estimated, that it had been a minimum of seven 1/2 to eight 1/2 feet tall.
After speaking with the witness and researching the native area, BFRO believes she might have seen a Bigfoot. The unexplainable sounds of things striking the house supports typical Bigfoot behavior too. once observing the placement of her house it's attainable that Bigfoots go scavenging through the new neighborhood from the forest. Garbage cans and yard gardens may offer a food supply.
Another Bigfoot Sighting in Georgia
The witness is a paranormal investigator. He started work a really old and remote graveyard within the summer of 2011. The graveyard is therefore previous old goes there. He and his colleagues on many occasions detected what seemed like things being thrown at them and wood knocks. This went on for many weeks, and they thought it had been noise from a ghost or possible haunting. They later started hearing howls and whoops that they were able to record on tape. sadly the recordings were of poor quality and also the photos of the tracks were taken with a cellular phone so they failed to show enough detail. whereas doing analysis on what might be creating the sounds, they found that typical Sasquatch behavior involves - throwing objects, wood knocks, whoops and howls. They additionally discovered that there are several reports of bigfoots in graveyards.
One morning, when an evening of work, they walked to the edge of the graveyard toward a rock outcrop. They were dismayed to examine 2 giant dark brown bigfoots. The larger one, roughly seven feet tall, stood watching them for about two minutes. after they tried to urge nearer, the bigfoots turned to run away however not before the smaller adult reached down and grabbed a baby. The baby bigfoot had been sitting in the grass. The witness describes the little sasquatch as about the size of a three year old child. once it grabbed the baby it raised it up and sat it on its shoulder. They quickly walked into the woods with their arms swinging, in an exceedingly fluid motion however failed to appear afraid.
Once the witness had seen the bigfoots, they came over and over hoping for one more encounter. they need heard howls and screams, breaking branches, and located tracks of various sizes. they have had several come back whoops. they need additionally found stick structures that were massive enough for a 6'3" frame to run into.
The witnesses recount the Sasquatch in more detail:
The 3 were dark brown, not black. The larger adult had a pushed in nose and features similair to a human. The head form was more pointed than spherical. Arms streached all the way down to their knees.
While out bigfooting one evening, four different gentlemen pulled up. They were active duty Army soldiers camping within the area and also searching for bigfoot. They additionally had an encounter one night camping there. On a chilly night in February, the four had begun to eat dinner when they detected a "wet dirty dog" smell. They additionally heard heavy, but slow footsteps and breaking branches. The four spread-out getting into a triangulated search, thinking they may force it out by the lake. They were shocked that it appeared to slip past them. They were afraid enough that before they began an evening watch, they discharged a warning shot within the air. They took turns at watch and failed to hear, see, or smell anything else that night. Due to this experience they have returned to the area.
The podcasting startup, which has raised $22 million in funding since 2014, has tripled its number of productions and is looking to expand its efforts to adapt projects for film and television.
Gimlet Media, the podcasting startup behind the shows StartUp, Reply All and Homecoming, has raised a new round of $15 million in financing from investors including Stripes Group and Laurene Powell Jobs' Emerson Collective.
Stripes, a growth equity firm with investments in Refinery29 and Blue Apron, led the round, and operating partner Patrick Keane has joined Gimlet's board as part of the transaction. Other participants in the round include existing investors Graham Holdings, Cross Culture Ventures and Betaworks.
Alex Blumberg and Matt Lieber co-founded Gimlet in 2014, launching with one podcast, StartUp, about the creation of the company. Now, the Brooklyn-based company has 15 shows, having tripled its production over the last year. Meanwhile, it has been aggressive about adapting its projects for film and television. StartUp was the basis for midseason ABC comedy Alex Inc. starring Zach Braff, and a Homecoming adaptation starring Julia Roberts has been given a two-season order at Amazon.
The company will use the cash infusion to continue to expand its programing and also grow its film and television development pipeline, taking a more direct role in the adaptation of its projects for new platforms. It will also grow its in-house training and development program, designed to help develop a new class of audio producers, and will expand its branded content division, Gimlet Creative.
"This investment is a gratifying validation that we are at the beginning of our second golden age of audio," Blumberg and Lieber said in a joint statement. "We'll use it to continue expanding the definition of what on-demand audio can be. We're excited about what we'll make, and we think others will be as well."
With this most recent series B round, Gimlet has raised a total of $22 million to date.
Joshua Freeman, CP24.com
The TTC says a new facility for streetcar track maintenance could save nearly $2 million a year and reduce transit delays.
Mayor John Tory and TTC Chair Josh Colle toured part of the new Streetcar Way shop at the TTC's Hillcrest Complex near Bathurst Street and Davenport Road Tuesday morning.
Speaking with reporters afterward, Tory said the new facility is expected to save the TTC about $1.8 million in leases and other efficiencies.
“This new facility will have a great impact on the TTC's bottom line, but it will also have an impact on commuters,” Tory said.
The new shop will be able to bend longer pieces of rail, meaning those sections of track will be more durable and less prone to breakage and hence lead to fewer disruptions to service.
“This will save time for our passengers and save money for the city and the TTC,” Colle said. “The TTC experiences major delays on a daily basis and much of it is because of track that we have to upgrade.”
At the moment, Streetcar Way, the division responsible for repairing switches and rails for streetcars, is spread out over a number of facilities across the city. The new centralized shop at the Hillcrest Complex will save money by reducing the amount of space the city leases, as well as reducing the costs of transporting tools and parts between the different facilities.
The new facility will cost $27.7 million and is being funded by a 50-50 partnership with the federal government through the Public Transit Infrastructure Fund.
The new shop is set to open by the end of 2018.
VATICAN CITY—In response to a rash of illegal activities in the most impoverished and violent neighborhood of the Holy See, Pope Benedict XVI vowed Monday to eradicate crime in the Vatican City's slum.
The slum, dubbed the "Heretic District" by Vatican City residents, has long been infamous for its neglected chapels, dilapidated seminaries, and ramshackle rectory inhabited by hundreds of poor priests dressed in old, tattered vestments.
Advertisement
Papal sources confirmed they could no longer turn a blind eye to the growing lawlessness within the Vatican's inner city.
"We will be vigilant and swiftly implement new measures to combat crime in this blighted area by enforcing divine law as well as ecclesiastical discipline," Benedict said. "The number of criminal offenses in this destitute stretch of our city has tripled in the past six years, and it is crucial to send a message to the miscreant faithful who have strayed too far."
Addressing hundreds gathered for mass at St. Peter's Basilica, the pope condemned the disturbing crime trend in the notoriously run-down section of Vatican City and unveiled a $235 million initiative that would provide the resources necessary to crack down on violators found counterfeiting relics, burglarizing tabernacles, performing back-alley confirmations, or assaulting rival clergy.
Advertisement
According to the Holy Father, the new anti-crime program would focus on apprehending, prosecuting, and convicting unlicensed street bishops, racketeering priests, and deacon thugs involved in illicit Church activities. In addition, the proposal would increase the number of Swiss Guards patrolling the streets of the slum and create a program to dissuade youths living in the neighborhood from ganging up to form their own rogue religious orders.
Benedict also told reporters the Catholic Church would allocate funds and oversee construction of the Vatican City's first maximum-security prison.
"Too often we have chosen to ignore the grim realities that exist in the forgotten corners of our city," the pope said. "Instead of taking action, the Catholic Church has simply mollycoddled the hoodlums who wantonly transubstantiate on the corner, in plain sight, and turned a blind eye on defrocked priests who steal consecrated bread to administer the Holy Eucharist."
Advertisement
"Repeat offenders must receive stiff punishments," the Supreme Pontiff added. "And on our end we must also pray harder to ensure these wicked servants of the Lord find the path to righteousness."
Bishop Luigi Bettazzi, who was born and raised in the slum and is still fluent in the low Latin spoken by a majority of the area's residents, acknowledged that he had a difficult childhood growing up on the "wrong side" of Vatican City.
Advertisement
"It's a rough part of town, there's no doubt about that," said Bettazzi, who still volunteers in the slum several times a week to help remove the "IHS" and "INRI" graffiti spray-painted on the exteriors of abandoned confessionals. "Back in the '60s, the Swiss Guard never even went down there. It was just you, your miter, and your wits."
Father Clark Johnson, an imposing local priest with two tiny crucifixes tattooed under his right eye to symbolize the number of times he has anointed the sick, said that many of the clergy living in the slum are convinced the Vatican is biased against them and would never allow them to rise above the level of monsignor.
"We all know the pope is from Vatican Heights," Johnson said. "You think His Holiness cares one whit about the clergy from here? Not a chance. I'll be stuck slinging communion for the rest of my life, and that's just the truth."
Advertisement
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone said the majority of Vatican City locals are desperately afraid of the poverty-stricken neighborhood, where nuns loiter outside convents and deacons stumble around with the Blood of Christ in a paper bag. He believes people are so disturbed by the slum's reputation that they fail to appreciate its vibrant citizenry and local history.
"As bad as it is there in terms of crime and financial hardship, the place really is just teeming with culture," Bertone said. "The music is fantastic. Some of the best pipe-organ players come out of there. And if you want to taste the best daily bread you've ever had in your life, look no further."
"Plus, once you get to know the people and see past their tough exterior, they're really quite wonderful," Bertone added. "And they're deeply religious."
Remember when Seinfeld was one of the biggest TV shows, and co-star Michael Richards derailed his career with a racist meltdown on stage? It happened at a comedy show, but it wasn't part of the act. He apologized, and news said “It is actually one of the most honest apologies that a celebrity has ever given for bad behavior.”
It's rare to see a career implode like that. Now let's look at a furry happening that's not so drastic, but more of a slow burn. A prominent performer in the fandom is being examined for poorly representing it, and found unworthy of support by its premiere convention. Bad behavior has been in plain view for years with no apologies. It took this long to accumulate wider attention. Many members say it's long overdue, and some find it discouraging that it took so long.
“2 The Ranting Gryphon” has a problem.
His George Carlin-styled comedy has earned 24,000 follows on Youtube and audiences of 1000+ at Anthrocon. I've seen and laughed at his show there. But they declined to host him this year. His fans are very upset (almost as if he's a tenured “house comedian of fandom”?) 2 himself appears to be the info source, claiming to be a victim of invalid attacks by over-offended “SJW's”. There's only a vague official statement citing declining attendance, so pointing blame is untrustworthy. A con can pick whoever they want, and they just chose not to pick him; friends and fame aren't supposed to overrule quality or board decisions for approval. (Free speech doesn't apply because it's not between citizen and government – the host is a private organization. He isn't “banned” and can attend the con. )
Whoever made this, I love you. pic.twitter.com/fyjQh49pM8 — Sarcasm and Antlers (@MintzBuck) March 15, 2017
His issue with the con may not be clear enough for honest discussion. But the deeper problem is. Let's look at what ‘2' is defending. Is it just comedy?
In the San Francisco Bay Area, I have enjoyed a bit of fun, casual activity in scenes for comedy and more, from music videos to avant-cabaret variety shows. (Read more: It was so much fun to be in an outrageous Rap CD and a live comedy show!) I went on stage in fursuit at the Tourette's Without Regrets show (run by the great-grandson of L. Ron Hubbard.) That is to say, I favor broad-minded appreciation for all kinds of weird shit and offensive humor. I like it enough to suppress stage fright and try it as a complete amateur. I'm not in any way professional (and I often speak loudly about loosening boundaries for expression) – but I think I can tell the difference between shock humor or satire, and words that are just indefensible.
Many furries are judging some words from 2 The Ranting Gryphon as indefensible. Read for yourself.
2 on suicide, jews and slavery, and child molesting (wackity schmackity doo!) – in his own words with links for context:
If you feel so much pain that you need to end your life because some other douche bag is calling you bad names then you DESERVE to be dead. No other species on the planet ends their own life because of minor harassment and the fact that we do just means that there's too damn many of us and nature is trying to find a way to get rid of us. If you're thrown into agony over little bullshit like this then you are better off killing yourself. Get off the planet and make room for others.” (Screenshot – original vid. Yet another source that says “kill yourself”. 2 denies telling anyone to kill themself: [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6])
I do not care that “your people” have been enslaved for the last 3000 years. How often have YOU been a slave? If the answer is “never”, you have no right to bitch… especially at someone who has never OWNED a slave in their life. The fact, if you care to research it, is that everyone… and I mean *everyone* has at some point, stemmed from people who have both been slaves and slave owners. There is no exception to this. (“Open letter to Jews”)
What is sexual molestation? The physical nature of it is obvious, but what what does it represent emotionally to the victim? A loss of control. Helplessness. Perhaps some pain. Being forced to do something you don't want to. Shame and embarrassment. These are all unpleasant things. But they're also unpleasant things that most people experience nearly every day from their bosses or co-workers at their jobs or from teachers and other students at school. (“Molesting the molesters.“)
What the…? None of that accurately portrays people… and where's the funny? What's the purpose for spreading this? I could contact 2 and go through the trouble of diplomatically seeking his side… Nah, I'm busy and I don't get paid to abate ignorance of the stubborn “see no evil” mindset with his fans. I don't think there should be benefit of the doubt for saying “you DESERVE to be dead,” or comparing a mean boss at work in the same breath with being molested, or describing molested victims as “grown men turned into blubbering, sobbing children” who should just grow up, or “…child molesters are, in fact, the saviors of their own victims”. If you have to explain this away, you already messed up.
my jaw dropped, where's the comedy? A rant act isnt an excuse for unmitigated shitting on people like a backed up sewer pipe — Dogpatch Press (@DogpatchPress) March 16, 2017
Besides, 2 already stepped up to make a statement. Let him speak for himself:
Here's my official word on this whole thing, which I'm sure will somehow be twisted to hell and back...https://t.co/8WD7b337DM — 2, The Ranting Gryphon (@2_gryphon) March 15, 2017
Unaccountable 2 the max.
Did you hear him say sorry, or take grown up responsibility for being anything less than innocent? Or use talent to season it with self deprecating humor?
In July, this drama will be over. And I'll still have 25,000 people enjoying my videos. How's that feel, beeatch? https://t.co/a7xpzc1o2U — 2, The Ranting Gryphon (@2_gryphon) March 15, 2017
All I see is excuses with expectation to get unlimited passes, and deflection at supposed “SJW's”. A convenient enemy! Hmm, is there anyone besides them who might not support this?
A few years back, when 2 was explaining suicide, a furry friend of mine had her 19 year old brother jump off a building. (There's a real person I'm not linking for privacy, who might or might not comment.) There was no hint of trouble until she got the news. Nobody had a chance to intervene, and it couldn't possibly have been more of a surprise. I can't imagine what it's like to have someone you love deleted from life like that. I'll bet it's super raw and long-lasting. More importantly, reasons don't change things for people left behind to deal with the loss.
It's not their fault. In order to understand comedy, you have to experience tragedy. Many of them have never had a problem in their life. https://t.co/ENWQOQHwAm — 2, The Ranting Gryphon (@2_gryphon) March 16, 2017
My friend's experience showed how devastatingly unexpected suicide can be. As easy as a bad tweet. So when 2 mocks supposed trivial reasons for it, she gets to see him being utterly oblivious. Not just about people who do it, but to her and about all the effects that spread to others. 2's “logic” hurts and does nothing to help. When people have internal pressure brewing with no outward sign, and depressed people deal with a disease they don't just get over – that's not a “choice”. So you don't go sorting good reasons and bad ones. None are good or simple.
Andreus Wolf has a summary about what 2 said. It is simple and excellent. Click through for the entire thread – it's the best one:
"Isn't the furry fandom supposed to be tolerant and accepting?"
It literally took a guy telling people to kill themselves to upset us. — VƎX IS RUNNING D&D (@vexwerewolf) March 15, 2017
Some furries didn't feel like 2 did anything wrong. And even “Nazifurs” from Colorado tweeted their support, grabbing a sleazy opportunity to troll or ride 2's coattails. That sounds familiar. Remember when Trump was endorsed by David Duke (the KKK guy)? There was also JonTron's recent racist drama and the Rabid Puppies in Sci Fi fandom. As small-scale as this furry thing is, it shows we can deal with the same stuff as grown up scenes do. We're having a Moment.
Reasonable complaints
After my friend's loss, she moved to Colorado where 2 is in the fur community (awkward!) This is about more than just internet words. Community is a good word here. It involves role models, peers, and support (and other words from after-school specials. A furry one would be extra special.)
Support is important with suicide. Particularly for young guys (and LGBT guys). This is very important, because those groups have way higher risk than others. Maybe they're more stupid and easily upset over little bullshit? Are boys more stupid? Of course not – I'd say they deal with conditions particular to their gender, and deserve self-respect in groups. We do that.
This article isn't coming from what 2 might call an SJW. Some might even (falsely) use the label anti-SJW. It has to do with gender. Check this out: Why are “nerdy” groups male-populated? Revisiting a debate full of dogma. That's where I see a group of disproportionately male (and LGBT) members as a good thing brought together by positive motivation like male bonding, not a bad thing made by exclusion and sexism. In that way you can say I'm pro-Men's Rights. The type where gender roles are just apples-and-oranges and other gender politics can have constructive criticism like this rather than be enemies. The type who thinks society could do more for men who get broken by conditions they don't ask for, like inner cities emptied of fathers in prison, to war and homelessness. One who finds 2's words about suicide to be indefensible.
It's dishonest to deflect blame onto “SJW's”. That word is silly and the real problem is in the stuff 2 said. The longevity of his act shows how much tolerance there is – now, I think he's not so much being told what to joke about, as expected to be honest. Furries who choose not to support him are giving reasonable complaints and earning their reputation as a group that cares. They might not understand what it takes for 2 to put his stuff out (they also aren't unfamiliar with it – it's hardly secret), but there isn't a mob wanting persecution without limits. There is room for mistakes and learning. Imagine seeing a gesture of something besides denial and blame for self-benefit.
Until then, I have a feeling that 2's number is up and this could be a third strike. Even if this goes in one ear and out the other and he keeps looking out for number one, there's no two ways about it – fans won't forget and go back to square one.
Kage supports me. He wanted me there this year. And he wanted me to be able to entertain you. But he was outvoted. https://t.co/YtZTvm7JW9 — 2, The Ranting Gryphon (@2_gryphon) March 15, 2017
Public Image
Anthrocon CEO Uncle Kage defers to the board's decision, to his credit. He's also friends with 2 and apparently argued to keep 2's show. Kage's feelings about media are famous – and when he's so strict about letting the press in the con, it makes me puzzled about why he supports his friend who says outrageous, unaccountable stuff? Isn't that horrible for PR? Why discourage the type of dishonest media from MTV, CSI or Vanity Fair, but let this go?
I guess it's different because a friend is under control unlike a media company. I can appreciate the sentiment at least. It's a furry kind of paradox in a group where the line of what's too much is often up to the individual. Kage and 2 have done nice things together to support charities. Now, support could mean telling a friend when to back away from the mike.
5 Surprising Things Chevy Built During WWII
Here's a fun fact: Most of the military vehicles in U.S. history were built and provided by General Motors.
Before World War II, the U.S. government ordered GM and other car markers to slow down their production to gear up for the war. GM took the rapidly changing environment as an opportunity. While other carmakers scrambled to keep their heads above water, GM landed a deal with the U.S. Army to build war-related vehicles and parts for them.
Various GM divisions took on their own projects: Buick oversaw ammunition and bomber engine production, Cadillac and Fisher Body made tanks, and Oldsmobile churned out machine guns.
What about Chevrolet?
Chevrolet enlisted the help of many plants in the rust belt (which netted many Army-Navy “E” awards after the war) to produce a variety of war-related necessities for the U.S. Army.
Let's take a look at five of them.
1. Armored Cars & Trucks
A WWII-era Chevy fire truck, via BrokenSphere
Chevy built many different cars and trucks for the U.S. Army, including (but not limited to) fire trucks, light-armor half-trucks, and 1.5-ton trucks. They also built nearly 4,000 Staghound Medium armored cars for the British army. Some of them came equipped with cannons and others came with machine guns.
During the entirety of the war, Chevrolet produced nearly 450,000 vehicles, including their usual nameplates.
2. Ambulances
Produced at Chevy's Tarrytown, NY plant, their ambulances went on to serve at General Hospitals in the Zone of Interior and the larger Air Corps Posts in the continental United States. They never went overseas.
3. Shells
Photo credit: Library of Congress
By the time the war ended, GM had manufactured nearly 120 million shells, some of which were produced by Chevrolet.
4. Aircraft Engines & Parts
Chevy churned out about 61,000 aircraft engines. They also produced aluminum-forged wing section and fuselage components at their Tarrytown plant as a subcontractor to Grumman Aircraft.
5. Gun Parts
Chevy converted one of its plants from stamping to machinery with the sole purpose of producing tank parts and gun mounts.
Which of the five things on the list surprised you the most? Tell us on Facebook!
Huntington's disease is an inherited brain disorder that is uniformly fatal, but researchers at Johns Hopkins believe they have made a big discovery about how the disease progresses that could lead to a way to stop it.
Their findings offer hope for a treatment to more than 30,000 Americans who have Huntington's symptoms and another 200,000 at risk of inheriting the disease. They also could help scientists better understand other fatal brain diseases such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and a certain type of dementia, as well as help researchers learn more about normal brain aging.
"We found this kind of traffic jams in cells, and if we can fix the traffic jams we can potentially provide a new avenue for treatment of neurodegenerative disease," said Jonathan Grima, a graduate student in the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine department of neuroscience whose research was published Wednesday in the journal Neuron.
Grima said it's not clear if a drug developed to clear these jams could stop cells from dying, and thus stop progression of Huntington's, but that is the goal. Grima works in the lab of Dr. Jeffrey Rothstein, director of Hopkins' Brain Science Institute.
Rothstein, who normally focuses on ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, has pursued similar cell research for that disease and a drug that may offer some treatment is being investigated. He said the lab is in the early stages of working on its own drug for Huntington's.
Jonathan C. Grima, a neuroscience graduate student and fellow at Johns Hopkins and Dr. Jeffrey D. Rothstein, professor of neurology, made a significant brain discovery about Huntington's Disease. (Kenneth K. Lam, Baltimore Sun video) Jonathan C. Grima, a neuroscience graduate student and fellow at Johns Hopkins and Dr. Jeffrey D. Rothstein, professor of neurology, made a significant brain discovery about Huntington's Disease. (Kenneth K. Lam, Baltimore Sun video) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Rothstein said he expects other scientists to build on the findings about Huntington's disease in the search for a treatment.
The Huntington's researchers, including scientists from other departments at Hopkins, as well as the University of Florida and the University of California-Irvine, have demonstrated how Huntington's disease disrupts normal cell activity, Rothstein said.
Components of a brain cell, such as salts and proteins, need to move in and out of a cell's operations center, the nucleus, to keep it functioning properly. In people with Huntington's disease, proteins produced by the Huntington's-related gene clump together in the nucleus and can't pass through special passageways called nuclear pores — every cell has many of these pores — causing the cells to shut down and die.
While scientists have known there was a Huntington's gene and knew about nuclear pores, they hadn't been closely studied in the brain. They didn't know about this clumping and clogging of the pores and breakdown in so-called nuclear transport in Huntington's sufferers, Rothstein said.
The discovery was met with intense interest by Huntington's researchers.
"This is very exciting research because we didn't know what mutant genes or proteins were doing in the body, and this points to a new area to target research," said George Yohrling, senior director of mission and scientific affairs at the Huntington's Disease Society of America. "Scientists, biotech companies and pharmaceutical companies could capitalize on this and maybe develop therapies for this biological process."
Yohrling said there are only two treatments now for Huntington's disease, one just approved in recent weeks by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. They both help ease gait and movement problems that are associated with the disease. Other drugs are used to treat depression and anxiety that also normally accompany a Huntington's diagnosis.
But there is nothing to stop or slow the progression of the disease, which causes sufferers to lose the ability to reason, speak and walk over a 10- to 25-year period, according to the Huntington's Disease Society. Symptoms usually appear at age 30 to 50 and sufferers have a 50-50 chance of passing the disease on to their children.
For the Huntington's research, the scientists used mice as well as human stem cells and human tissue to test their research ideas. Research findings in rodents, typically used as stand-ins for humans, frequently disappoint researchers when they try to reproduce the work in humans. But since this research also involved cells and tissue from humans, Yohrling noted, scientists are more confident in the findings.
For all the optimism about the research — and Yohrling said there was plenty in the Huntington's research community — he cautioned that the work is early. It's still not clear if a drug to protect cells would ameliorate symptoms in humans, or how much or for how long it would slow or stop the disease.
The Hopkins researchers and other scientists echoed those warnings.
An effective treatment for Huntington's likely will require a cocktail of drugs to control symptoms and stall disease progression, said Charbel Moussa, director of the Translational Neurotherapeutics Program at Georgetown University Medical Center.
That's because the disease is complex and scientist don't understand all of the effects that Huntington's has on the brain and why some areas of the brain are unaffected, he said. The new findings nonetheless give researchers a leg up in their search for effective drugs.
"This significantly expands our understanding of Huntington's disease pathology, and the pathology of diseases that are similar to Huntington's disease, and even what we see in aging," Moussa said. "We're still, unfortunately, far from a cure."
meredith.cohn@baltsun.com
Andre Ethier is out of the lineup on Tuesday for the sixth straight game with a left oblique injury, and it sounds like he could miss the rest of the games this week. The Dodgers have resisted placing Ethier on the disabled list, playing a man short for now six games, with hope he might be ready for the Arizona series starting Thursday. But that appears more and more unlikely.
Ethier felt something in his oblique while hitting in the batting cage on Tuesday, which puts a damper on him playing anytime soon.
"We're getting closer to that decision that we have to make. He swung in the cage today, but he's not going to take BP today, which keeps pushing him back," said manager Don Mattingly. "Common sense keeps telling us to make a good decision."
Ethier could be placed on the disabled list as early as Wednesday, but rather than call up someone else from Triple A Albuquerque for only a day or two, the Dodgers will likely activate second baseman Mark Ellis a day earlier than originally planned. Ellis is playing the fourth and final game of his rehab assignment with Class A Rancho Cucamonga on Tuesday night, and could be in a Dodgers uniform on Wednesday, even if only as a reserve.
"Everybody who has seen Mark feels like he is ready to go. He's pretty much had to do everything that you have to do on the field and he's feeling fine," said Mattingly.
If Ethier goes on the disabled list, it would be retroactive to June 28, which would make him technically eligible to return to the Dodgers on July 13, the date of their first game after the All-Star break.
Coffey To Disabled List
The Dodgers placed Todd Coffey on the 15-day disabled list with what the team called "right elbow soreness," though it sounds far more serious than that. Mattingly called the elbow injury "fairly significant," but deferred to the team medical staff, which wasn't available for comment before the game.
Coffey was visited on the mound by Mattingly and team trainer Sue Falsone in the eighth inning after giving up a triple during Monday's game. Coffey insisted he was fine, and proceeded to strikeout the next two hitters before allowing an RBI single to Devin Mesoraco.
There will be an injury update from the Dodgers either before or during the game, but Jon Heyman of CBS Sports reported that Coffey would likely need Tommy John surgery. From the tone of the discussion regarding Coffey, that seems closer to the truth than just "soreness."
Coffey had Tommy John surgery in August 1999 while a minor leaguer in the Cincinnati Reds' system, and missed the entire 2000 season.
Shawn Tolleson, who was optioned to Triple A on Monday but didn't yet leave Los Angeles, is back with the team and has been recalled. Technically, Tolleson hasn't yet used an option this season.
Starting Lineups
Juan Uribe is day-to-day with his right ankle sprain, and out of the lineup Tuesday night. He was in Mattingly's original lineup, but that was written before Uribe's arrival and with Mattingly assuming Uribe would be okay.
Luis Cruz starts at third base for the Dodgers, and Uribe might or might not be available to pinch hit.
Reds
Dodgers SS Cozart SS Gordon CF Stubbs C Ellis 1B Votto
LF Abreu 2B Phillips RF Rivera RF Bruce 2B Kennedy
LF Ludwick 1B Loney 3B Frazier 3B Cruz C Hanigan CF Gwynn P Cueto P Capuano
Game Time: 7:10 p.m.
TV: KCAL
MLB Gameday
After developing post-traumatic stress disorder during his second deployment in Afghanistan in 2007, Canadian army veteran Fabian Henry tried numerous anti-depressants to quell his suicidal thoughts and violent rages. For three years, he was on as many as nine pills a day. But only one drug worked for him: marijuana.
"It literally gave me relief and changed my life," says Henry, who now vaporizes 10 grams of medical marijuana a day. "I went from suicidal and homicidal ideation, to DUIs, to threatening to kill people, to beating people up, to doing yoga seven days a week, using cannabis and spending more time in nature with my kids."
Henry, who served 13 years in the army and carried out six deployments as a combat engineer, is now aiming to help other veterans and first responders with PTSD gain access to medical marijuana.
Story continues below advertisement
Getting the health community to embrace marijuana as a treatment for PTSD, however, isn't easy. Thirteen years since Health Canada granted Canadians access to marijuana for medical purposes, doctors remain hazy about when, how and if they should prescribe it. Although a court ruling requires Health Canada to provide access to a legal source of marijuana when authorized by a physician, the government does not endorse its use. And groups such as the Canadian Medical Association and the College of Family Physicians of Canada note there is a lack of scientific evidence to show its therapeutic benefits.
To help narrow the evidence gap, Nanaimo, B.C.-based medical marijuana producer Tilray announced Thursday it has teamed up with researchers at the University of British Columbia's Okanagan campus to conduct the first clinical trial in Canada to test the impact of medicinal marijuana on PTSD sufferers. The study, which requires the approval of the university's ethics committee and Health Canada to proceed, would provide a rare controlled examination of the drug's efficacy in treating the disorder. And while some applaud the effort, not everyone believes such work is in the best interest of PTSD sufferers.
The Tilray-UBC study intends to recruit 40 veterans, first responders and victims of sexual assault with PTSD, and to administer various strains of marijuana or a placebo using vaporizers. If approved, researchers anticipate they can begin enrolling their first participants by spring and conclude their research by late 2016. Tilray is currently the sole funder of the study, which is estimated to cost $350,000, and will also supply the marijuana.
"We need more treatments for PTSD. There's too many veterans and victims of crime and first responders that are suffering, and the existing treatments don't work for a number of them," says Dr. Zach Walsh, one of the principal investigators of the proposed study and a psychology professor at UBC.
Brain-imaging studies indicate people with PTSD lack certain neurotransmitters in the brain's endocannabinoid system, a network that, in animal studies, has been shown to be involved in fear responses. The brains of PTSD sufferers, Walsh explains, "are hungry for cannabinoids," which cannabis may help satisfy.
According to Health Canada, statistics for patients who use medical marijuana to treat PTSD are not available – nor is the number of sufferers who self-medicate. But there's a huge demand among afflicted veterans and first responders, says Henry, who has helped more than 300 individuals access the drug since he opened his Oromocto, N.B.-based Marijuana for Trauma Inc. eight months ago. They come to him with a doctor's referral, and he helps them with the necessary paperwork to obtain the drug from a licensed producer and receive coverage from Veterans Affairs Canada.
Henry says his not-for-profit company was trying to help RCMP Cpl. Ron Francis obtain marijuana when he died by suicide in October. Francis, who suffered from PTSD, had criticized the force for not providing services for the disorder, and became known for using medical marijuana while in uniform.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"This is what happens when you don't get this medicine," Henry says.
Psychiatrist Dr. Paul Sedge says while the proposed Tilray-UBC study would contribute to much-needed scientific research, he has serious concerns about the risks involved with using marijuana. While he acknowledges that his patients claim it reduces PTSD symptoms, Sedge does not believe it should be used to treat the disorder.
"There are many existing medications that have more science behind them … where research dollars may be better spent," says Sedge, a retired member of the Canadian Forces, who now works with veterans at at The Royal, a mental-health centre in Ottawa.
"The concerns are we know that marijuana is a substance of abuse and dependence," he says, adding that it's also associated with the onset of psychotic illness and mood and anxiety disorders, and can worsen the conditions of those who already have such illnesses.
"The comparison I would make is someone who has panic disorder or severe anxiety may find that when they have a drink of alcohol, it calms their nerves. But we would never prescribe alcohol to treat anxiety," he says. He suggests a safer solution may be found in synthetic endocannabinoids, such as Nabilone.
Research on marijuana's efficacy is scarce because of the administrative hurdles involved when testing a regulated substance, and finding a suitable placebo can be challenging, says Dr. Bernard Le Foll, a clinician-scientist at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto. "Very few investigators are willing to put the effort to go into those directions," he says.
Story continues below advertisement
"The reality is that it is [in the] interests of the medical-marijuana grower to develop the evidence about the product they are selling," Le Foll says, adding that as long as the researchers of the proposed UBC-Tilray study have some independence from the company to develop their design, "it should not be problematic."
Philippe Lucas, Tilray's vice-president for patient and research services, says Health Canada's move this year to hand over the production and distribution of medical marijuana to multiple authorized producers opens the door to having companies like his support clinical trials.
"There are very few jurisdictions where this kind of work can take place without jumping through nearly insurmountable hurdles," Lucas says. "Research into the whole-plant medicine, like what we're authorized to produce and distribute to critically and chronically ill Canadians, is going to be, I think, a nearly uniquely Canadian phenomenon."
Andy Smith -
In a previous post I praised Twitch for their new sponsored video policy. At the same time, I begged the question, where is YouTube's policy on sponsored product or service promotions? Since the publication of that article, Mary Engle, associate director for Advertising Practices at the FTC, has indicated that YouTube may not need a policy after all, and clarified that the position the FTC holds about paid reviews. She confirmed that YouTube may not have to issue separate guidelines because:
Creators are already in breach of FTC rules when not disclosing paid sponsorships.
Vloggers Who Accept Payments Fall Under FTC Guidelines
At its roots, YouTube is a video blogging site, made up of personal videos and opinions. But the minute that a creator begins accepting money for those videos, they begin to fall into a different category. According to the FTC, creators should be prefacing any paid endorsement, review or advertisement with a statement like: “This is a paid review”. Creators on the site regularly do not disclose these relationships, believing that they are simply making a personal video and that the FTC rules do not apply to them. Perhaps they are not even aware of the rules. Mary went one step further to clarify the point saying:
If you are paid or compensated, then yes, you should disclose that you are paid.
Due to the nature of YouTube videos, best practice would suggest this disclosure must be placed within the video itself. Why? Because video embeds don't come with the description, and a paid endorsement could be misconstrued as an independent review. According to the FTC:
The basics are that the disclosure has to be in words that the consumer can understand – it can't just be a URL or a link, it has to be in a place where consumers will see it. Certainly as a practical matter, the best thing would be to put it in the video itself, and for the person to say it.
Sponsored Videos are Not Always That Obvious
At times a paid advertisement may seem obvious, but creators have gone to great lengths to maintain a genuine appearance in their videos and claiming that a video is a paid advertisement often hurts viewer retention.
The responsibility for these disclosures falls somewhat on the creators' shoulders, but the brunt of the responsibility actually falls on the company paying for the advertisements. They should be informing creators of their responsibility to disclose this information. Their failure to do so and/or the creator's failure to do so is a blatant attempt at capturing viewers' attention for the sake of making a quick buck. It is much easier to trick your audience into watching paid for advertisement than to be up front about it and actually provide compelling content for the viewer. Misleading a loyal audience is preying on their trust and love for a creator's content in order to exploit them for money.
Our founder, Mark Robertson, highlights an example from beauty vlogger Dulce Candy, whose “Steal the Look: Wet n Wild Commercial ft. Dulce Candy” attracted comments regarding the nature of promotions:
Although there is a note in the description that “This video was proudly made in collaboration with Wet N Wild” it doesn't implicitly state that Ms Candy was paid, and this issue is starting to attract attention:
YouTube Is Not Legally Responsible for Its Creators
So circling back to the question I asked last week, I'll go one step further. Why ISN'T YouTube creating a policy like Twitch? Simply put, they don't have to. They are the market leader by such a wide margin right now that whether or not they have a policy doesn't impact the bottom line. They are not compelled to act. Additionally, they have no legal responsibility to these creators. According to Mary, “If they're not involved in formatting it, they're just the platform, and they probably wouldn't have any legal responsibility”.
YouTube has been very careful to distance themselves from legal liability in videos ever since their massive lawsuit with Viacom. It's working. Although at this point YouTube is operating more like a massive, On-Demand television station, their ability to distance themselves from creators are allowing them to take a hands-off approach to paid sponsorships. The lines between YouTube and television are continuing to blur and YouTube should be careful. If they want to become more and more like television, eventually they're going to get regulated like it.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Daniel Bruynell changed his plea to guilty in the 2013 murder of Tiffany Jenks, Dec. 23, 2015 (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Daniel Bruynell changed his plea to guilty in the 2013 murder of Tiffany Jenks, Dec. 23, 2015 (KOIN)
KOIN 6 News Staff - PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Daniel Bruynell, who admitted killing Tiffany Jenks in 2013, was sentenced to 18 years in prison Wednesday afternoon.
Bruynell shot the 35-year-old woman once in the forehead at Blue Lake Regional Park on Oct. 8, 2013. Two other people, Joshua Robinett and Michelle Worden-Brosey, helped get rid of the gun and with Bruynell's flight from Oregon after the killing.
He was eventually arrested in California.
Robinett and Worden-Brosey, admitted to hindering prosecution and both agreed to testify against Bruynell if the case went to trial.
Tiffany Jenks received a Bachelor's of Science in physics and geology and a Master's in economics. She had worked as a physical scientist at the Bonneville Power Administration until 2012.
Her mother, Kate Johnson, told KOIN 6 News she called her job "running the river."
"I have so many awards she won, but I don't have her," Tiffany's mother said.
When Tiffany's father died in 2010, she struggled with substance abuse.
"It was that substance abuse that likely led her to meet Ms. Worden-Brosey and the people who Ms. Worden-Brosey travelled with," senior deputy district attorney Chris Ramras said in 2014.
KOIN 6 News will have more information later in the day.
1 Photos Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Daniel Bruynell changed his plea to guilty in the 2013 murder of Tiffany Jenks, Dec. 23, 2015 (KOIN)
For all the criticism thrown at Windows 10 - including a recent triple blow - there have also been several occasions where Microsoft has made smart and sensible changes. And here is another…
Picked up by BetaNews, Microsoft used its official Microsoft Community forum to soft launch Windows 10's new ability to upgrade versions seamlessly by using a ‘free' product key. It also admitted the current upgrade process isn't up to scratch:
“We are going to make these steps more visible and easier to find for folks. Sorry that has not been the case. The process is not really straight forward; I guess we were hoping folks would upgrade their 8 PCs to Pro and then upgrade to 10. Well we have lots of people and lots of scenarios and lots of folks want to start fresh.”
So what is this product key and how does it work? Here are the steps:
Go to ‘Change Product Key' (easily found by typing this into Cortana) Enter the ‘free' Microsoft key: VK7JG-NPHTM-C97JM-9MPGT-3V66T
After this your system will automatically begin the upgrade process to Windows 10 Pro. So why do I say ‘Free'? Because while Microsoft is freely giving out the key it stresses this only permits the upgrade to be carried out, it doesn't give you a free copy - that still needs to be Activated and that then prompts the user for payment.
An additional caveat is users will need to be running Windows 10 version 1511 (the latest public version at the time of publication) for this feature to be supported.
Upgrade Value and Future Potential
Of course the obvious questions to ask here are: Is the upgrade worth doing? and What is the potential of this new functionality?
Looking at the upgrade aspect, if you have the money (at $199 Windows 10 Pro is $80 more than the $119 Windows 10 Home) then I'd say yes. Windows 10 Pro offers far greater control over upgrades and privacy settings than Home and last month this has been further upgraded. To the understandable frustration of Windows 10 Home users, no improvements will be coming to them.
Secondly there is a lot of potential giving Windows 10 the ability to respond to a new kind of product key. For Microsoft simplifying the up-sell path is a no brainer as Windows 10 momentum has dropped. It also makes for easy promotions across all forms of media and makes life a lot easier for users who regret purchasing the version they have (I'd love to see Microsoft offer a downgrade option, but that will never happen) and can change in a heartbeat. Given Microsoft's comments, it also seems like further usability improvements are on the way.
Is this another sign Microsoft is warming to customer feedback? Yes and no. Given the importance of Windows 10 to the company I very much doubt it will lead to a softening of its ever more aggressive Windows 7 and Windows 8 upgrade tactics. Then again, if users are going to be pushed into upgrades, finding an increasingly flexible and powerful OS waiting for them on the other side will certainly soften the blow…
___
Follow Gordon on Twitter, Facebook and Google+
More On Forbes
‘Free' Windows 10 Has An Expensive Secret
Why Microsoft Says Windows 10 Upgrades Cannot Be Stopped
Massive Windows 10 Update Has 10 Great Secret Features
Microsoft Admits Windows 10 Secretly Installed On Windows 7, Windows 8
A record-setting performance was widely expected, with the biggest question mark being whether or not the final number would top 100 million -- which would approach Super Bowl territory. In the end, last night's presidential square-off drew a record audience, but fell shy of gaudy nine-figures predictions. History at Hofstra:
Monday night was the most-watched debate in American history: https://t.co/E3Fkwp4Wyk ???? — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) September 27, 2016
More than 80 million people tuned in to see Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off, setting a new record in the sixty year history of televised presidential debates. The final numbers are still being tallied by Nielsen. But the debate averaged a total of 80.9 million viewers across 12 of the channels that carried it live. Nielsen traditionally measures viewers who watch via traditional TV at home. That means people who watched the debate at parties, bars, restaurants, and offices were not counted. Nor does the 80.9 million viewer total include PBS and C-SPAN. Ratings for PBS will be available later Tuesday. Many millions also watched the debate via the Internet. Various live streams on YouTube together registered more than 2.5 million simultaneous viewers. Live streams on other sites also reached millions of people. This means the actual total audience is significantly higher than 80 million.
With online viewing, PBS, CSPAN and watch parties factored in, I wouldn't be surprised if the actual total ended up north of 90 million. A monster numbers. No matter what happens in November, Donald Trump can forever boast of delivering yuge television ratings in both the GOP primary and the general election, having set records at both stages of the electoral cycle. And let's face it, last night's tune-in factor wasn't amped up because of overwhelming public curiosity about...Hillary Clinton. But in the context of winning the election, does last night's massive audience help the GOP nominee? If early snap polls are to believed, substantial majorities of viewers thought Hillary Clinton bested him over the 90 minute confrontation, suggesting that she probably did herself some good. The potential silver lining for Trump is that it's very likely that the most eyeballs, paying the most attention, were focused on the early stages of the debate, during which he was most effective at driving home his message, before he started to come unglued. So while the most people were watching, and were most focused on content, Trump held his ground. But that's the best spin available to Team Trump. As I've cautioned twice already today, we won't have a more accurate picture of last night's fallout until late this week or early next week. I'll leave you with a small personal note. On Bret Baier's panel the other night, we were asked to predict whether the ratings would come in above or below 100 million. In the moment, I went with the group consensus, taking the "over." But then I thought about it and revised my prediction:
.@BretBaier asked over/under on 100 mil viewers for the debate. Whole panel said over, but I should've gone under, 'Price is Right' style. — Guy Benson (@guypbenson) September 26, 2016
In light of the result, my move looks tremendous. The reasoning behind it that even though the stats were undoubtedly going to top those from 2012's (historically high) first debate, getting from an average of 67 million all the way up to 100 million is a big gap to close. And so it was. Also, considering that four major networks plus the cable networks, plus CSPAN and many millions of internet viewers added up to, say, 90 million people, that makes the previous record-holding debate all the more impressive. The Reagan/Carter 1980 debate drew 81 million viewers with far fewer outlets, and a smaller population. But it was the lone debate of that cycle, which cuts in the opposite direction. Parting thought: Ratings are going to decline for the October 9 "town hall"-style debate, right?
Bloomberg recently reported that the state of McDonald's (NYSE: MCD) franchises has changed. To put its analysis, along with one of the company's structure, into perspective, 24/7 Wall St. has collected the list McDonald's per capita by state measured against the national average of 5 locations per hundred thousand. At the top of the list, Ohio at 7 and Michigan at 6.4.
The Bloomberg analysis of the franchise system:
Decades ago, McDonald's franchised single locations, whereas other chains sold off entire regions to one operator. “The incentive to the McDonald's franchisee was to run a great store, because that will help you get another store,” says Mark Kalinowski, an analyst at Nomura Securities. Now, as the U.S. nears saturation, with more than 14,000 McDonald's restaurants, the chain is trying to draw more sales out of each store and closing underperforming locations. “How do you get more stores in the hands of your better operators?” Kalinowski asks. “What they're doing today is to achieve that.”
The guy with one location has lost out.
McDonald's current model based on the company's formula
Under McDonald's conventional franchise arrangement, franchisees provide a portion of the capital required by initially investing in the equipment, signs, seating and décor of their restaurant business, and by reinvesting in the business over time. The Company owns the land and building or secures long-term leases for both Company-operated and conventional franchised restaurant sites. This maintains long-term occupancy rights, helps control related costs and assists in alignment with franchisees enabling restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. In certain circumstances, the Company participates in the reinvestment for conventional franchised restaurants in an effort to accelerate implementation of certain initiatives.
Under McDonald's developmental license arrangement, licensees provide capital for the entire business, including the real estate interest, and the Company has no capital invested. In addition, the Company has an equity investment in a limited number of affiliates that invest in real estate and operate or franchise restaurants within a market.
McDonald's is primarily a franchisor and believes franchising is paramount to delivering great-tasting food, locally-relevant customer experiences and driving profitability. Franchising enables an individual to own a restaurant business and maintain control over staffing, purchasing, marketing and pricing decisions, while also benefiting from the financial strength and global experience of McDonald's. However, directly operating restaurants is important to being a credible franchisor and provides Company personnel with restaurant operations experience. In Company-operated restaurants, and in collaboration with franchisees, McDonald's further develops and refines operating standards, marketing concepts and product and pricing strategies, so that only those that the Company believes are most beneficial are introduced in the restaurants. McDonald's continually reviews its mix of Company-operated and franchised restaurants to help optimize overall performance, with a goal to be 95% franchised over the long term.
In 2015, McDonald's had revenue of $25.4 billion, and net income of $4.5 billion.
Story highlights Despite his immense popularity in Ohio, Gov. John Kasich would lose the Republican primary there if held today, a new poll finds
The Quinnipiac University survey shows Donald Trump beating Kasich 31% to 26%
Washington (CNN) Despite his immense popularity in Ohio, Gov. John Kasich trails Donald Trump there, a new poll finds.
The Quinnipiac University survey released Tuesday shows GOP presidential front-runner Trump beating Kasich 31% to 26% in Ohio, which will holds its primary on March 15 in a winner-take-all contest.
Ted Cruz comes in third with 21% support, followed by Marco Rubio with 13% and Ben Carson with 5%.
A loss in his home state would be a blow to Kasich, who has largely staked his campaign on winning there and other delegate-rich, mid-March Midwestern contests.
Read More
European integration has come to a critical point as much of Europe is now afraid to move backward, has no interest in further integration, but also understands that the status quo is economically unsustainable, say Luigi Guiso, Paola Sapienza and Luigi Zinagles.
Summary
Although each major step forward in European integration has caused popular support to drop, support for the common currency remains strong, mainly out of fear.
In “Monnet's Error?” economists Luigi Guiso of the Einaudi Institute for Economics and Finance, Paola Sapienza of Northwestern University and Luigi Zingales of the University of Chicago (currently visiting at Harvard) examine 40 years of polling data to ascertain whether Europe-related crises have generated demand for further European integration or increased skepticism toward the European project. The question relates to the strategy to promote unification envisioned by Jean Monnet, one of the so-called fathers of Europe. He believed that partial steps toward unification would have generated crises that would increase demand for further integration – a “chain reaction” process.
The three economists find that the chain reaction has only partially worked. Now “Europe seems trapped in a catch-22: there is fear to go backward, no interest in going forward, but it is economically unsustainable to stay still,” they write. The polling data show that every time the European project has made a step forward, support for the EU overall has eroded and not recovered. The same occurred during the current Eurozone crisis, although the authors believe the drop is more related to tough economic conditions and could be potentially reversible. A majority of Europeans today think that the EU is going in the wrong direction, they note.
“One possible interpretation of these results is that Europeans like the idea of Europe but dislike the way this idea has been implemented,” they write. “Another possible interpretation is that the attempt to jump start the chain reaction has left the Continent stuck in a political impasse.” Europeans do not want to go forward, but they perceive going backward as too expensive, the authors find. “This interpretation is consistent with the fact that support for the euro has plummeted in EU countries not belonging to the Eurozone, which do not face this irreversibility problem. Thus, one could infer that if it were not for fear of the unknown, even Eurozone countries might be less supportive of the common currency.”
According to authors, Monnet's chain reaction theory has worked in so far as fostering European integration, but at the cost of a decline in popularity. Monnet's strategy has a cost: jeopardizing future sustainability, they find.
“Europe and the euro are very costly to revert. As long as the political dissension is not large enough, Monnet's chain reaction theory delivered the desired outcome, albeit in a very non-democratic way. The risk of a dramatic reversal, however, is real. The European project could probably survive a United Kingdom's exit, but it would not survive the exit of a country from the euro, especially if that exit is not as costly as everybody anticipates. The risk is that a collapse of the euro might bring also the collapse of many European institutions, like the free movement of capital, people and goods. In other words, as all chain reactions, also Monnet's one has a hidden cost: the risk of a meltdown,” they conclude.
The Harrisburg City Islanders and Pittsburgh Riverhounds announced on Monday the 2016 edition of the Keystone Derby will be presented by K&L Gates and the Pennsylvania Lottery. The annual rivalry series between the clubs kicks off this Saturday at Highmark Stadium.
Last season, the Riverhounds claimed the rivalry trophy after taking the season series three wins to one. Among the highlights were two thrilling comebacks, the first of which saw Pittsburgh overcome a two-goal deficit as the game entered the final minute to win 6-5 at Highmark Stadium. The other saw the City Islanders turn the tables at Skyline Sports Complex, as down a man in the second half they rallied from two goals down to take a 4-3 victory.
Saturday's contest is the first of three games between the clubs this season, with the second meeting arriving on the Fourth of July at Highmark Stadium. The City Islanders will host the final meeting of the season, on August 27 at FNB Stadium.
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power.
Enlarge By Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal More than half of all large public company bankruptcies filed this year have been filed in Wilmington, Del. WILMINGTON, DEL. WILMINGTON, DEL. RESIDENTS HAVE WIDE-RANGING VIEWS RESIDENTS HAVE WIDE-RANGING VIEWS There's both boom and concern among businesses and workers on Wilmington's Market Street. A look at what's going on:
DuPont's international headquarters at 1007 N. Market St., the state's largest private industrial employer, reported that its third-quarter earnings declined 30%, in part because of the depressed auto and housing markets.
Employees at Wachovia Bank, located in a 900 block building, wonder what the future holds after the bank merges with Wells Fargo.
Developers of a luxury apartment building in the 900 block of North Market Street have been the most active in Wilmington since 1999. Now, they're coping with a huge inventory of residences for sale and lease citywide.
Business is booming for bankruptcy lawyers who practice in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware in the 800 block. The court, the preferred home for corporate reorganizations, has handled the most Chapter 11 filings in 2008 since the 2001 recession.
Students at the Delaware College of Art and Design in the 600 block are wondering what job prospects will be like in a recession.
President Obama is coming to the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis for a rally with Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mark Dayton on Oct. 23, according to a student group that received word of the visit.
Jeb Saelens, president of the U's Students Organizing for America, confirmed the Obama rally. He said his group, which is affiliated with Obama's national campaign arm and the Democratic National Committee, has been tasked with helping to mobilize students.
The university would not confirm that Obama was coming. “We have had discussions with event organizers and would certainly welcome the opportunity to host the president on campus,” said spokeswoman Patty Mattern. “We're not, however, in a position to comment further at this time.”
The White House declined comment, referring queries about the rally to the Dayton campaign, which said it could not confirm details.
It has been known for more than a month that Obama was coming to Minnesota for a private congressional fundraiser, along with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. On Saturday, the Dayton campaign announced Obama was doing a campaign event in the Twin Cities with Dayton on Oct. 23, without releasing further details.
The location of the event was first reported Monday by the Minnesota Daily, the U campus newspaper. The newspaper reported the rally would be held on the mall in front of Northrop Auditorium.
Dayton had asked Obama to campaign with him after he won the DFL primary, but the administration hadn't tipped its hand until this weekend whether the president would do a public event with Dayton. Vice President Joe Biden appeared at a rally with Dayton last week.
I hope we all recognize that coaching matters. It might not be the biggest factor in drafting a player or not drafting a player in your fantasy league but it should play a part. The changing of a system can take a player like Matt Forte who is a PPR format monster and make him merely a good player. The philosophy of the coach impacts the player's stats, which impacts fantasy scores. Every point matters and if I can identify the players that will jump from 10 points per game to 13 points per game, that is huge for my chances to win week in and week out.
Looking at all the factors for a player will give you the safest chance of getting every pick right in your draft. Yes there is no sure thing in any facet of life including fantasy football. However, this will make your percentage of success higher which is better for you, your team and winning money.
Coaching Change Impacts on Fantasy Football
Play calling matters so pay attention and look at all the numbers you can before its draft time. When you see all the opinions and numbers out there make up your mind and go for him. You will not be right all the time (there is only one me man) but you did it your way. This is your chance to be the GM, so make it count. Or as Al Davis told us “Just win baby, just win”.
Here are some players I believe in that have some sort of coaching change on their team. No, do not draft these players in the first round. Just keep an eye on them and take them when you think they are best for you. Good Luck!
Players to Believe In
• Julio Jones ATL WR: When healthy he is a beast in any system but this isn't any system. He is now in a Kyle Shanahan system which averages a 56% pass ratio for 99% of his playing calling career. They do not have a stud back on the roster nor will they. They will have an improved offensive line and defense. They also play in a division that doesn't have a big time shut down corner. You could see him slipping to the third round but getting a guy that will compete with first round guys.
• Charles Sims TB RB: This is the only real threat at running back that the Bucs have and when Dirk Koetter was with the Jags he was a 50/50 guy (half the time run, half the time pass). He also had his running back involved in the pass game. Put Sims with a better O-line and a more dangerous QB (possibly) and a coach that is looking for anything that resembles a real running game. This player is primed for a breakout and you can get him cheap.
• Michael Crabtree/Amari Cooper OAK WRs: Bill Musgrave calls passing plays intended to highlight receivers 60% of the time. He calls passing plays 53% of the time when he is in charge of play calling. Add those numbers to the fact that they have an inconsistent defense and a division that will make them score points to win. They will air it up with Carr and these two playmakers will be the ones coming down with it. I like Latavius Murray but do not love him yet. Yea yea yea he is the man but till I see it I am not buying it.
• LeSean McCoy/Fred Jackson BUF RBs: Everyone knows Rex Ryan loves to play smash mouth football. He will try to run it down the other team's throat. Well he brings with him Greg Roman who was with the 49ers. He called run plays 52% of the time, one of the highest run percentages in the NFL. I am tired of hearing the O-Line isn't for running. Do you think they will not address it? Also a new philosophy will have this line playing different. Believe in Rex.
• Carlos Hyde SF RB: The moment Gore left for Indy I was on the “I love Hyde train”. Geep Chryst loves to pass the ball I know but he also loves to get the running backs involved in the pass game. One year in San Diego he called pass plays that focused on the RB almost 40% of the time. To think Hyde will get the bulk of carries and be that involved in the pass game is more than enough reason to want this guy on your fantasy team.
• Vernon Davis SF TE: Chryst gets his tight-ends involved roughly 20% of the time on pass plays. Add that number in with Davis's athletic ability and match-up problem and you got a recipe for a solid year. The loss of Crabtree will make them be more conservative than last year and give Davis more opportunity. He will not go early so you can get a possible top 5 in the late rounds.
• Owen Daniels/Virgil Green DEN TE: Peyton loves his tight-ends. Gary Kubiak loves his tight-ends. Put them together and that's a lot of love for that position. Owen Daniels knows the system and is now playing for the greatest regular season quarterback of all time. I am scared of his health so I might handcuff a tight-end in this case. I know that sounds crazy but sometimes crazy helps you win.
• C.J. Anderson DEN RB: We just talked about Gary Kubiak and loving tight-end but to be honest that is his second love. His first love is zone blocking running and he does it often. He has made fantasy gold out of guys we didn't know before him. Well Anderson was known and looked great for the second half of last year. Take his hunger and ability and mix it with a running philosophy and look the heck out. This could be something scary, like top 5 scary.
• Martellus Bennett CHI TE: I liked him last year and for most of the year he lived up to like. This year it has moved to love. Fewer weapons to spread the ball around to and a more conservative style to keep the turnovers down. This will help Jay Cutler who is a like this year and it will really help Bennett. John Fox and Adam Gase bring in the leadership and experience to make this offense run smooth with less risk. Believers will reap the reward.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton arrives to speak at a rally Friday in Entertainment Hall at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa. (Photo: Andrew Harnik, AP)
ALBANY — New York Republicans were front and center at the GOP national convention this past week in Cleveland for Donald Trump, booing Ted Cruz and cheering Trump with a chant of “Yes, we can.”
Now it's New York Democrats' turn to celebrate their home-state candidate.
Democrats in New York are vowing to play a major role at the party's convention in Philadelphia starting Monday, with top leaders having speaking roles and delegates planning to press their case for Hillary Clinton's candidacy.
“There is no question that Hillary will have strong support not only in Philadelphia, but through the whole campaign from New Yorkers,” said Rep. Nita Lowey, D-Harrison, Westchester County, who represents Clinton's hometown of Chappaqua and will speak Monday at the convention.
Lowey and other prominent Democrats in New York said Clinton's tenure as senator from 2001 through 2008 made her a close colleague — someone who would call them when they needed help or even when they were going through personal travails.
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-Fairport, Monroe County, recalled how Clinton sent her a brace when she was having back problems. When Slaughter's husband died two years ago, Clinton was one of the first people to call her.
“She's someone who never forgets a friend,” Slaughter said.
So New York leaders will be tasked with spreading their personal relationships with Clinton has she faces blistering criticism from her Republican opponent Donald Trump and some Democratic delegates who are coming to the convention as Bernie Sanders' delegates.
“A lot of people locally have very personal stories about soon-to-be president Clinton,” said Stephanie Hausner, a Clinton delegate and Clarkstown councilwoman from Rockland County.
Clinton's NY tenure
Sanders, the Vermont senator, lost to Clinton 58 percent to 42 percent in New York in the April primary.
Sanders won 108 delegates, while Clinton secured 139 delegates, plus superdelegates.
The primary brought Clinton back to parts of the state she hasn't visited since she served as senator, and it reminded supporters of how influential her Senate runs in 2000 and 2006 had on her career.
She followed a path carved out by Sen. Charles Schumer in 1998 that recognized that to win in New York, a Democrat needed to fare well upstate and in its suburbs — particularly against a strong Republican candidate.
The campaign for Clinton in 1999 brought her to upstate farms, struggling inner cities and suburban areas dealing with high taxes.
So for Clinton, New York was a microcosm of what she has faced on the presidential trial in her runs for president in 2008 and now eight years later, people close to her said.
“I think she learned to listen. She's a naturally empathetic person, and she understood the anguish of people” in New York, Schumer recalled Thursday.
“Their kids couldn't find the jobs they had. And I think that stays with her today, and that will serve her well as president, if she gets there, and I think she will.”
Clinton never fulfilled the jobs promises she made during her first run for U.S. Senate, but her supporters said she left a record of successfully promoting the state.
She used her influence in Washington to stave off jobs cuts and planted the foundation for a high-tech upstate economy, they said.
“My time with her as an elected official was very, very impressive,” said Assembly Majority Leader Joseph Morelle, D-Irondequoit, Monroe County.
He said that when Democrats or Rochester needed assistance, “No one helped us like Hillary Clinton did.”
Fractured party
Still, Democrats go into the convention with questions about how unified they will be heading into the November elections against Trump.
And Trump assailed Clinton's record during his acceptance speech Thursday. He's vowed to win his home state of New York, even as polls have showed Clinton with a double-digit lead.
“This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction and weakness,” he said Thursday. “But Hillary Clinton's legacy does not have to be America's legacy.”
So Democrats will have to spend the week trying to rebut Trump's assertions and bring Sanders' supporters into the fold.
On Sunday, Sanders' supporters are holding a rally at the state Capitol to ensure Sanders' progressive message and impact on the party isn't lost in New York or in Philadelphia.
“It's converting, at least on the local level, into helping people find out to continue to stay involved,” said Zack Smith, a Sanders organizer and recent graduate from Binghamton Univeristy.
“We have an enormous number of people who were never involved before, and we don't want them to just disappear and maybe show up in another four years.”
Convention tone
Democrats vowed to have an uplifting convention, saying Republicans offered a negative view of the state of the nation.
“It's always a good time to get together and see talented people talk about public policy, talk about solutions and sort of sense of hopefulness,” Syracuse Mayor Stephanie Miner said on “The Capitol Pressroom,” a public radio show.
“Public service is important, and we believe in public service, and we believe that we can solve people's problems.”
Schumer, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Gov. Andrew Cuomo are all set to have speaking slots at the convention, but their specific roles have not been announced.
Cuomo has become increasingly vocal in recent months about Republicans' stance on immigration, saying New York has had a long history of embracing people who come here from other counties.
It's a message he is expected to expound upon at the convention.
“The new scapegoat is it is all about the immigrants: ‘They are there problem. If we just didn't have the immigration, everything will be fine,'” Cuomo said in a speech Wednesday. “Nothing couldn't be further from the truth.”
Elisa Sumner, the Dutchess County Democratic chairwoman, said the Democratic convention also will be about highlighting the party's diversity.
“I expect it to be very diverse group of people, as opposed to a sea of white faces,” she said. “I expect us to truly represent the population, all the people of America.”
Schumer said a convention with a positive message about the future of the country should be the Democratic convention's theme.
“All the negativity in the world isn't going to make people's lives better; isn't going to put a dollar in the working family's pocket,” Schumer said.
“Make it as positive as possible — and the contrast will speak for itself.”
Follow Joseph Spector on Twitter @gannettalbany
The 2016 Democratic National Convention
When? Monday through Thursday.
Where? Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Why? To nominate Hillary Clinton as the Democratic presidential candidate.
Local coverage
Jon Campbell and Joseph Spector, of the USA Today Network's Albany Bureau, will join Brian Tumulty, of the Washington Bureau, to provide coverage of New York's delegations at the Democratic convention.
Check back here often for the latest videos and news from in and around the convention floor.
Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/2a8yHkO
Microsoft's supremo for China has told state-owned China Daily that Redmond's ready roll out version of Windows 10 with extra security features demanded by China's government.
"We have already developed the first version of the Windows 10 government secure system. It has been tested by three large enterprise customers," Alain Crozier, CEO of Microsoft Greater China told China Daily.
China used Edward Snowden's revelations to question whether western technology products could compromise its security. Policy responses included source code reviews for foreign vendors and requiring Chinese buyers to shop from an approved list of products. Microsoft, IBM and Intel all refused to submit source code for inspection, but Redmond and Big Blue have found other ways to get their code into China.
IBM's route is a partnership with Dalian Wanda to bring its cloud behind the Great Firewall. Microsoft last year revealed its intention to build a version of Windows 10 for Chinese government users in partnership with state-owned company China Electronics Technology Group Corp.
There's no reason to believe Crozier's remarks are incorrect, because Microsoft has a massive incentive to deliver a version of Windows 10 that China's government will accept. To understand why, consider that China's military has over two million active service personnel, the nation's railways employ similar numbers and Microsoft's partner China Electronics Technology Group Corp has more than 140,000 people on its books.
Not all of those are going to need Windows, but plenty will.
That China's gently backed its own cut of Ubuntu, dubbed Kylin, also makes it plain Microsoft could face competition in the middle kingdom.
Windows-watchers have also found Crozier's words significant, because it's felt Windows Red, as The Register may call this cut, was being developed in parallel to the Windows 10 Creators Update. And if Windows Red is ready, perhaps the Creators Update isn't far behind.
The Register has asked Microsoft to explain the security features of Windows Red, but had not received a reply at the time of writing. You know the drill: we'll update this story if Microsoft sends any information. ®
IT seems that Gus can say what he likes, when he likes.
And the NRL won't do a thing.
Phil Gould spoke for most league fans when he branded the NRL an “embarrassment”, but the governing body refused to step in and fine or reprimand the Panthers general manager of football — or even respond.
In an extraordinary outburst from a clearly frustrated Gould, he told Sky Sports Radio: “I fear for the future of the game with the people we have in charge at the moment, honestly.”
Normally an NRL club official would face a fierce rebuke from the governing body over such inflammatory comments.
But over at League HQ there seems to be a cloudy area that exists where Gould's comments are accepted as a member of the media, not the general manager of the Panthers.
Gould took aim at this week's Jack Wighton judiciary farce, calls for the under 20s to be scrapped and suggestions clubs will not be able to sign players to NRL contracts until they are aged 18.
“The people that are doing this have got absolutely no idea what they're doing,” Gould said of the latter.
Gould watched on as Canberra fullback Wighton faced a four-match ban over a shoulder charge but was instead exonerated by a three-man judiciary panel in just five minutes.
The NRL's match review panel sparked anger when it charged Wighton but Cronulla's Michael Ennis avoided the same fate despite committing an apparent shoulder charge last weekend.
“The people at head office have got to understand that to the average man, to the punter in the street, to the person who follows this game week in, week out, they can't see any discernible difference between the impact of Michael Ennis and of Wighton,” Gould said.
“Therefore, why was one charged and not the other.
“In my rule book neither gets charged. Neither tackle is illegal. Whether or not it's a penalty on the day for Ennis tackling a man late, that's besides the point. I'm glad that Wighton got off, I don't think he should've been charged.
“Having said that there will be a lot of players sitting at home who've had to sit out one or two weeks on sidelines for so-called shoulder charges who will be looking at these decisions and saying ‘why the hell did I get a suspension' and that's the part fans don't forget. And we in football don't forget. And that's the frustration of dealing with these people.”
That's how fans will see it .. Which means embarrassing for NRL and our game https://t.co/CR784sgf4w — Phil Gould (@Gus10Gould) September 6, 2016
Gould called for accountability after the NRL's bizarre attempt to explain the difference between the two incidents.
“To go through the embarrassment of coming out at the time of charging Wighton (and releasing) a detailed description of why he was guilty and why Ennis wasn't — to then have it turned over by their own judiciary, I think just embarrasses the code.
“Someone needs to be held accountable for that.
“The whole shoulder charge thing has been an issue ever since it was first raised a few years ago and they've tried to out law it. I've never really heard a definitive interpretation of it and this week has just been embarrassing for the game.”
The embarrassing part was the NRL didn't choose to defend itself.
“Butterfly Prowler,” Clark
Over techno's familiar jump-roping rhythm and train-tunnel whooshes, a tricky little note pattern flits with the jerky grace and menace implied by the title.
“Carin at the Liquor Store,” The National
No song about being such a sadsack that it destroys your marriage should sound this uplifting, or funny: “I was walking around like I was the one who found dead John Cheever.”
“Chanel,” Frank Ocean
In yet another super-smooth assault on convention, Ocean laces together brags about men and money while the underlying music acts as if he's singing a lullaby.
“Change Yr Mind,” LCD Soundsystem
As the band makes like a grinding stone, revving up then sparking and spitting, James Murphy grants all burnouts—himself included—permission to take the second chance they covet.
“Expect the Bayonet,” Sheer Mag
Wistful-sounding and militant at once, these AM-rock revivalists threaten that voter suppression will be the cause that inflames the next generation of street-fighting men and women.
Freestyle, Black Thought on Hot 97
Whether you want to dissect it on graph paper or let it simply absorb through the ear, there's not a boring measure in 10 minutes of The Roots's rapper riffing like, as he puts it all too humbly, “pre-Kardashian Kanye.”
“Groupie Love,” Lana Del Rey ft. A$AP Rocky
Del Rey's tale of bliss in romantic servitude takes recent production trends to a drowsy, dramatic extreme, and when the chorus hits it's like being inverted in a gravity chair.
“Keep Your Name,” Dirty Projectors
Dave Longstreth renders a passive-aggressive breakup letter as a luminous three-act play, and the outrageous vocal effects and wonky rapping signal it's perfectly fine to hate the protagonist.
“I'm So Groovy,” Future
Among a handful of 2017 Future cuts in which the delicate serenity of the music—here, featuring toybox chimes and a mantra-like flow—subverts and improves the callous lyrics.
“In Chains,” The War on Drugs
A piano part on loan from Enya meets an aerobic rock rhythm section and suddenly everyone has a tear in their eye and a bead of sweat on their foreheads.
“LMK,” Kelela
“It ain't that deep, either way,” Kelela coos, but the churning bass and zipping machine sounds enveloping her suggest that the hookup she seeks will be plenty substantive.
“Long Lonely Road,” Valerie June
With all the effortless grace of a traditional folk refrain, June pays stark tribute to the effort that simply being alive requires.
“Motorcycle,” Colter Wall
A deceptively chipper country ramble in which Wall's classic-yet-skewed baritone throws morbid irony onto the touchstones of motorcycles and hard drinking.
“Neighbors,” Grizzly Bear
A deeply sad, queasily beautiful prog-folk journey that charts the way intimacy can curdle into unfamiliarity.
“On Hold,” The XX
The great whispering-across-the-arena anthem that indie's premiere pillow talkers have always threatened to make, in which heartbreak is absorbed by dance-floor ruckus.
A former Premier League footballer is accused of raping a 17-year-old girl in a rented apartment.
Former Arsenal defender Kerrea Gilbert, 30, allegedly attacked the teenager after a night out in Bristol celebrating a friend's birthday.
Gilbert's friend Nathan Roach-Doctrove, 28, is also accused of raping the girl on a settee in the flat after the footballer had allegedly sexually assaulted her, the jury was told.
The defendants, who both deny a charge of rape, had invited the victim and her friend to a flat in Easton.
Former Arsenal defender Kerrea Gilbert (pictured right), celebrating a goal with Thierry Henry (who is entirely unconnected to the case) against Wigan in 2006
The ex-Arsenal player Gilbert (right) is accused of raping a teenager in a rented apartment in Bristol
CCTV showed the girls enter the building and the alleged victim, who had consumed alcohol and cannabis, was seen leaning against a wall to steady her walk.
Virginia Cornwall, prosecuting, said the girl had earlier been sick and was in a 'vulnerable' state when she arrived at the apartment at 3.25am on April 23, 2016.
The men used different names, with Roach-Doctrove known to the girls as 'Andre' and Gilbert as 'Kaine'.
Ms Cornwall told Bristol Crown Court the defendants 'immediate interest' was whether the teenagers 'wanted a threesome or foursome'.
Gilbert, who also played for England U17s, was described as 'wired' and 'pumped up' and made several sexual advances towards the teenager before he allegedly raped her as she tried to sleep on a sofa while her friend was in another room.
'She was clearly vulnerable and not consenting,' Ms Cornwall said.
'Her skirt was pulled up and her pants taken off. She tried to get him to stop. She felt limp and helpless.
'Gilbert got off and went to get his friend. The next thing she was aware of was the man she knew as Andre getting on top of her.
'She tried to close her legs and screamed 'No'.'
Gilbert, 30, (pictured left playing for Arsenal and right, for England U17s) allegedly attacked the teenager after a night out in Bristol celebrating a friend's birthday
In a police interview played at Bristol Crown Court, the girl said she later went to find her friend who was 'yelling' at the two men in a separate room because 'they were trying to have sex with her'.
The teenagers left the apartment at around 5am and reported the incident to police who arrested both men.
David Maunder, defending Gilbert, told the court: 'My client was, until 26, a professional footballer.
'He has played for Yeovil and Cardiff locally but more particularly he has played for Arsenal and Leicester City.'
Gilbert's cousin is Queens Park Rangers' Jordan Cousins.
In an interview, Gilbert, from Willesden, London and Roach-Doctrove, from Harrow, London, both denied having sexual intercourse with the girl.
The trial continues.
Six weeks ago, New Zealand's election campaign was limping toward a foregone conclusion. The centre-right National party looked a shoo-in for a fourth term (matching the legendary 1960-72 administration of Keith Holyoake), and prime minister Bill English was on track to find redemption (he was party leader when National suffered its worst-ever election defeat in 2002).
New Zealand election 2017: record early voting as Ardern and English fight for win – live Read more
The most recent polls suggest that both of these things may well happen. But in every other respect New Zealand's domestic politics have been transformed.
Pivotal developments, highlights and lowlights
After a string of poor poll results, Andrew Little stepped down as leader of the Labour party on 1 August. The deputy leader, Jacinda Ardern, stepped up to the plate. Everything thereafter hinged on this moment.
Mark Richardson, an ex-athlete masquerading as a political commentator, asks Ardern whether or not she plans to have children. Ardern's response leaves Richardson spluttering and galvanises an awful lot of people who thought that kind of misogyny had been left behind in the last century. Ardern also galvanises the National party, which realises it has a fight on its hands.
Ardern generates a new line in neologisms, including such gems as “the Jacinda Effect”, “Jacindamania”, “Jacinderella”, “The Jacindanator”, and (my favourite) “Jacintime” (although this one is looking a little optimistic).
Four leaders' debates take place. English steadfastly refuses to even look at his opponent. Ardern more than holds her own.
The Ardern effect begins to wear off when finance minister Stephen Joyce claims there is an NZ$11.7bn hole in Labour's sums. Despite the fact that no credible economic commentator on the left or the right thinks this is correct, English and Joyce keep on message. The mud sticks.
Labour has tax issues. Early on Ardern made a “captain's call”, indicating that she would set up a tax working party if Labour was elected. This group might (or might not) recommend a capital gains and other taxes, some or all of which might (or might not) be legislated before the next election in 2020.
Ardern is eventually forced to clarify that any new taxes recommended by the working party will be put to the public in 2020. But the damage is done. No matter that National has introduced in the vicinity of 18 new taxes since it took office in 2008, some of which were not signalled during election campaigns. No matter that New Zealand is one of the very few countries without a capital gains tax – and home to some of the most unaffordable houses in the world.
A farmer protesting Labour's planned water tax holds up a placard describing Ardern (not English) as a “pretty communist”.
Stability vs change
Nearly one million people have already cast advance votes. This represents roughly half of the total turnout in 2014.
On polling day, New Zealanders face a simple choice. National is going hard on a stability and continuity line. Labour is looking for a generational step-change and a new style of politics.
Ardern promised an “unrelentingly positive” campaign. English, on the other hand, has run a campaign designed to paint Ardern and Labour as a risky proposition.
Is it working? Labour's polling, and Ardern's numbers as preferred prime minister, have fallen away a little recently and some polls are pointing to a National victory. However, there remains the matter of forming a government which, under New Zealand's version of proportional representation, can be an unpredictable kind of affair.
National may well win a plurality of all votes and hold the lion's share of parliamentary seats, but that does not guarantee that it will retain the treasury benches. Unless it wins a parliamentary majority in its own right (and New Zealand hasn't had a single party majority government since 1994) it is going to have to form an executive or legislative coalition with another party. Its natural allies are dropping away at an alarming rate.
In particular, if the faux-populist New Zealand First drops beneath the threshold (either 5% of the party vote or a single constituency seat), National is in trouble. Were that to occur Labour and the Greens could well form a coalition administration (perhaps with the support of the Maori party), even if Labour wins fewer seats than National.
Beyond the question of who forms the next government, however, New Zealanders will look back on this election campaign as a turning point.
One way or another, the 2017 general election will always belong to Ardern. In the space of seven weeks she has managed to bring the Labour party back from the brink (with an honourable mention to Little for his courageous decision), electrify the campaign, and force National to actually do something.
Perhaps most importantly, she has shifted the political centre. New Zealand has had nearly four decades of numbing neo-liberal orthodoxy in which the state has been maligned and markets routinely held up as the best instrument for dealing with policy challenges. Ardern has challenged that by positioning the state as a force for imaginative and positive change.
Ardern has left National looking old, tired and bereft of genuinely new ideas. Not a bad first-time effort for a “pretty communist”.
Chinese human rights lawyer Zhou Shifeng was sentenced Thursday to seven years in prison in what critics say demonstrates the ruling Communist Party's determination to silence independent activists and government critics.
The conviction stems from his role as director of Beijing's Fengrui Law Firm, which since 2007 had taken on sensitive cases and represented members of banned religious groups, dissident scholars and others who dared challenge the party. He rose to fame in China when in 2008 he took on one of the country's largest dairy producers in a massive tainted infant formula scandal that the government had tried to squelch.
Prosecutors released a statement in which Zhou allegedly confessed that his legal activities were actually an intelligence operation directed by "foreign forces" to stir up domestic unrest and embarrass China.
"They actively enticed me, wanted to use us to continue to attack court trials, attack China's entire trial and judicial system, and bring trouble to the government. Their ultimate goal is to overthrow the Communist Party leadership," Zhou said in a statement, according to the state-run Xinhua news agency.
'Subverting state power'
The 52-year-old Beijing attorney was convicted of "subverting state power" by the Second Intermediate People's Court in the northern city of Tianjin, Xinhua reported. The report said he had pleaded guilty and would not appeal.
Zhou was at the center of the so-called "709 crackdowns" - named for the July 2015 date on which authorities began arresting and jailing hundreds of activists and legal advocates and often holding them incommunicado for months, leading family members and friends to be denied information on their status or even their whereabouts.
Zhou's final case involved Zhang Miao, a news assistant for the German weekly Die Zeit, who was detained for nine months after helping with the magazine's coverage of pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. The lawyer was meeting Zhang at a hotel in suburban Beijing following her release when he was seized, hooded and spirited away by government agents.
Authorities claim the legal proceedings are open, with court officials saying that more than 40 people including politicians, legal scholars, and "civilian representatives from all walks of life" as well as mainland and overseas media outlets attended Zhou's trial.
The half-day trial in the northern city of Tianjin followed those of two related legal activists earlier this week, both on charges of subversion. As with the others, Zhou was detained in July of last year during a sweeping roundup of activists and lawyers.
Family members kept away
But family members of those detained, including their spouses, complain of being constantly monitored and forcibly kept away from the court or prevented from seeking further information.
Authorities released a note, purportedly written by Zhou himself, saying he did not want his family to attend. "Given that my family members are all farmers who are not very well-educated, having them come to the court to attend my hearing would be of no benefit to either me or them," the message said.
The half-day trial followed those of activists Zhai Yanmin and Hu Shigen, who were both found guilty of subverting state power this week by the same court. Hundreds more are in detention, their fate unclear.
jar/kl (AP, Reuters, AFP)
Exclusive: Before the Democrats lock in their choice for President, they might want to know if Hillary Clinton broke the law with her unsecure emails and may be indicted, a question that ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern addresses.
By Ray McGovern
A few weeks after leaving office, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton may have breathed a sigh of relief and reassurance when Director of National Intelligence James Clapper denied reports of the National Security Agency eavesdropping on Americans. After all, Clinton had been handling official business at the State Department like many Americans do with their personal business, on an unsecured server.
In sworn testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on March 12, 2013, Clapper said the NSA was not collecting, wittingly, “any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans,” which presumably would have covered Clinton's unsecured emails.
But NSA contractor Edward Snowden's revelations — starting on June 5, 2013 — gave the lie to Clapper's testimony, which Clapper then retracted on June 21 – coincidentally, Snowden's 30birthday – when Clapper sent a letter to the Senators to whom he had, well, lied. Clapper admitted his “response was clearly erroneous – for which I apologize.” (On the chance you are wondering what became of Clapper, he is still DNI.)
I would guess that Clapper's confession may have come as a shock to then ex-Secretary Clinton, as she became aware that her own emails might be among the trillions of communications that NSA was vacuuming up. Nevertheless, she found Snowden's truth-telling a safer target for her fury than Clapper's dishonesty and NSA's dragnet.
In April 2014, Clinton suggested that Snowden had helped terrorists by giving “all kinds of information, not only to big countries, but to networks and terrorist groups and the like.” Clinton was particularly hard on Snowden for going to China (Hong Kong) and Russia to escape a vengeful prosecution by the U.S. government.
Clinton even explained what extraordinary lengths she and her people went to in safeguarding government secrets: “When I would go to China or would go to Russia, we would leave all my electronic equipment on the plane with the batteries out, because … they're trying to find out not just about what we do in our government, they're … going after the personal emails of people who worked in the State Department.” Yes, she said that. (emphasis added)
Hoisted on Her Own Petard
Alas, nearly a year later, in March 2015, it became known that during her tenure as Secretary of State she had not been as diligent as she led the American people to believe. She had used a private server for official communications, rather than the usual official State Department email accounts maintained on federal servers. Thousands of those emails would retroactively be marked classified – some at the TOP SECRET/Codeword level – by the department.
During an interview last September, Snowden was asked to respond to the revelations about highly classified material showing up on Clinton's personal server: “When the unclassified systems of the United States government, which has a full-time information security staff, regularly gets hacked, the idea that someone keeping a private server in the renovated bathroom of a server farm in Colorado is more secure is completely ridiculous.”
Asked if Clinton “intentionally endangered US international security by being so careless with her email,” Snowden said it was not his place to say. Nor, it would seem, is it President Barack Obama's place to say, especially considering that the FBI is actively investigating Clinton's security breach. But Obama has said it anyway.
“She would never intentionally put America in any kind of jeopardy,” the President said on April 10. In the same interview, Obama told Chris Wallace, “I guarantee that there is no political influence in any investigation conducted by the Justice Department, or the FBI – not just in this case, but in any case. Full stop. Period.”
But, although a former professor of Constitutional law, the President sports a checkered history when it comes to prejudicing investigations and even trials, conducted by those ultimately reporting to him. For example, more than two years before Bradley (Chelsea) Manning was brought to trial, the President stated publicly: “We are a nation of laws. We don't let individuals make decisions about how the law operates. He [Bradley Manning] broke the law!”
Not surprisingly, the ensuing court martial found Manning guilty, just as the Commander in Chief had predicted. Though Manning's purpose in disclosing mostly low-level classified information was to alert the American public about war crimes and other abuses by the U.S. government, Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison.
On March 9, when presidential candidate Clinton was asked, impertinently during a debate, whether she would withdraw from the race if she were indicted for her cavalier handling of government secrets, she offered her own certain prediction: “Oh, for goodness sake! It's not going to happen. I'm not even answering that question.”
Prosecutorial Double Standards
Merited or not, there is, sadly, some precedent for Clinton's supreme confidence. Retired General and ex-CIA Director David Petraeus, after all, lied to the FBI (a felony for “lesser” folks) about giving his mistress/biographer highly classified information and got off with a slap on the wrist, a misdemeanor fine and probation, no jail time – a deal that Obama's first Attorney General Eric Holder did on his way out the door.
We are likely to learn shortly whether Attorney General Loretta Lynch is as malleable as Holder or whether she will allow FBI Director James Comey, who held his nose in letting Petraeus cop a plea, to conduct an unfettered investigation this time – or simply whether Comey will be compelled to enforce Clinton's assurance that “it's not going to happen.”
Last week, Fox News TV legal commentator Andrew Napolitano said the FBI is in the final stages of its investigation into Clinton and her private email server. His sources tell him that “the evidence of her guilt is overwhelming,” and that the FBI has enough evidence to indict and convict.
Whether Napolitano has it right or not, it seems likely that Clinton is reading President Obama correctly – no profile in courage is he. Nor is Obama likely to kill the political fortunes of the now presumptive Democratic presidential nominee. Yet, if he orders Lynch and Comey not to hold Hillary Clinton accountable for what – in my opinion and that of most other veteran intelligence officials whom I've consulted – amounts to at least criminal negligence, another noxious precedent will be set.
Knowing Too Much
This time, however, the equities and interests of the powerful, secretive NSA, as well as the FBI and Justice, are deeply involved. And by now all of them know “where the bodies are buried,” as the smart folks inside the Beltway like to say. So the question becomes would a future President Hillary Clinton have total freedom of maneuver if she were beholden to those all well aware of her past infractions and the harm they have done to this country.
One very important, though as yet unmentioned, question is whether security lapses involving Clinton and her emails contributed to what Clinton has deemed her worst moment as Secretary of State, the killing of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other U.S. personnel at the lightly guarded U.S. “mission” (a very small, idiosyncratic, consulate-type complex not performing any consular affairs) in Benghazi, Libya, on Sept. 11, 2012.
Somehow the terrorists who mounted the assault were aware of the absence of meaningful security at the facility, though obviously there were other means for them to have made that determination, including the State Department's reliance on unreliable local militias who might well have shared that inside information with the attackers.
However, if there is any indication that Clinton's belatedly classified emails contained information about internal State Department discussions regarding the consulate's security shortcomings, questions may be raised about whether that information was somehow compromised by a foreign intelligence agency and shared with the attackers.
We know that State Department bureaucrats under Secretary Clinton overruled repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi. We also know that Clinton disregarded NSA's repeated warnings against the use of unencrypted communications. One of NSA's core missions, after all, is to create and maintain secure communications for military, diplomatic, and other government users.
Clinton's flouting of the rules, in NSA's face, would have created additional incentive for NSA to keep an especially close watch on her emails and telephone calls. The NSA also might know whether some intelligence service successfully hacked into Clinton's server, but there's no reason to think that the NSA would share that sort of information with the FBI, given the NSA's history of not sharing its data with other federal agencies even when doing so makes sense.
The NSA arrogates to itself the prerogative of deciding what information to keep within NSA walls and what to share with the other intelligence and law enforcement agencies like the FBI. (One bitter consequence of this jealously guarded parochialism was the NSA's failure to share very precise information that could have thwarted the attacks of 9/11, as former NSA insiders have revealed.)
It is altogether likely that Gen. Keith Alexander, head of NSA from 2005 to 2014, neglected to tell the Secretary of State of NSA's “collect it all” dragnet collection that included the emails and telephone calls of Americans – including Clinton's. This need not have been simply the result of Alexander's pique at her disdain for communications security requirements, but rather mostly a consequence of NSA's modus operandi.
With the mindset at NSA, one could readily argue that the Secretary of State – and perhaps the President himself – had no “need-to-know.” And, needless to say, the fewer briefed on the NSA's flagrant disregard for Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable searches and seizures the better.
So, if there is something incriminating – or at least politically damaging – in Clinton's emails, it's a safe bet that at least the NSA and maybe the FBI, as well, knows. And that could make life difficult for a Clinton-45 presidency. Inside the Beltway, we don't say the word “blackmail,” but the potential will be there. The whole thing needs to be cleaned up now before the choices for the next President are locked in.
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word, a publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington. He served as a CIA analyst for 27 years, during which he prepared and briefed the morning President's Daily Brief for Presidents Nixon, Ford, and Reagan.
Story highlights "We saw two people carrying big cleavers hacking whoever is in the way"
Police say separatist group from northwest China to blame
At least 29 are killed, 130 wounded
Four suspects reported killed
Lu Haiyan said the slaughter began while she and a friend were standing in the ticket hall of a Chinese train station.
"Suddenly, many people started running around crazily," she said on Tencent Weibo, a Chinese equivalent of Twitter. "We saw two people carrying big cleavers hacking whoever is in the way. They almost got to my back. Then I lost contact with (my friend) and I saw blood splashing in front of me."
Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 were injured Saturday night when 10 men armed with long knives stormed the station in the southwest Chinese city of Kunming, the state news agency Xinhua reported.
Members of a separatist group from Xinjiang, in northwest China, are believed to have carried out the assault, authorities said. The report referred to them as "terrorists."
Police said they killed at least four attackers and shot and wounded a female suspect. Authorities were searching for other suspects.
The killing spree came out of nowhere.
Map shows location of attack
Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Deadly China railway attack – Luggage lies scattered inside the Kunming Railway Station in Kunming, the capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province, on Saturday, March 1, after an attack left at least 29 dead and more than 100 injured. Hide Caption 1 of 7 Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Deadly China railway attack – A group of unidentified armed men with knives stormed into the Kunming Railway Station, according to city police. Hide Caption 2 of 7 Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Deadly China railway attack – Police stand guard outside the Kunming Railway Station Hide Caption 3 of 7 Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Deadly China railway attack – Police gather near the scene of the attack. Hide Caption 4 of 7 Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Deadly China railway attack – The inside of the railway station is left in disarray after the attack. Hide Caption 5 of 7 Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Deadly China railway attack – A Chinese police investigator inspects the scene of the attack at the railway station on March 2, 2014. Hide Caption 6 of 7 Photos: Photos: Deadly China railway attack Deadly China railway attack – Armed paramilitary policemen guard a crossing in front of Kunming Railway Station in Kunming after a Saturday attack that left dozens dead. Hide Caption 7 of 7
JUST WATCHED Mass stabbing at Chinese rail station Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mass stabbing at Chinese rail station 01:13
Yang Haifei, a resident of Yunnan, told Xinhua he was buying a ticket when a group of people, most of them in black, rushed into the station with knives.
"I saw a person come straight at me with a long knife and I ran away with everyone," he said, adding that people who were slower were severely injured. "They just fell on the ground."
He said he sustained injuries to his chest and back.
Lu Haiyan said she ran to the main road.
"I ran to a restaurant already with a full crowd," she said. "The restaurant owner shut the door for quite some time before reopening it. Both my hands and legs are shaking."
Xinhua quoted a 50-year-old woman whose older husband was among those killed.
"Why are the terrorists so cruel?" said Chen Guizhen, holding her husband's bloodied ID card.
In the aftermath, postings on Sina Weibo, another Twitter-like social medium, showed local police patrolling the station, with bodies in blood lying on the ground. Chinese state TV showed investigators putting a knife with a blade at least 2 feet long into an evidence bag.
Chinese President Xi Jinping urged law enforcement "to investigate and solve the case and punish the terrorists in accordance with the law," according to Xinhua.
Xinhua said the Kunming railway station is one of the largest in southwest China.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang asked local authorities to ensure safety at public places, Xinhua reported.
Two weeks ago, 11 "terrorists" died in the Xinjiang region, Xinhua reported.
Frequent outbreaks of violence have beset Xinjiang, a resource-rich area where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs, a Turkic-speaking, predominantly Muslim ethnic group.
REPORT: Eric Bolling's Son Commits Suicide — Media Reacts To Tragic Death
Eric Bolling's teenage son passed away last night, according to Huffington Post journalist Yashar Ali. A statement is due from the Fox New Channel on Saturday. A source told Mediate that the cause of death was suicide.
Mediaite reports:
Yashar Ali reported Saturday that, Eric Bolling's Son, Eric Chase, died last night. At this time the circumstances remain unclear. Chase, was 19 years old and Bolling's only child. “Very sad news, Eric Bolling's son, who was only 19, died last night,” said Ali. “By all accounts, Eric was incredibly devoted to his son. Heartbreaking.” A source close to Eric Bolling also confirmed the news to Mediaite. A different source said the cause of death was suicide.
TMZ is also reporting suicide was the cause of death:
The son of Fox News Channel anchor Eric Bolling committed suicide, TMZ has learned, hours after his father was forced out of the network. Sources familiar with the situation tell TMZ … 19-year-old Eric Chase Bolling, Jr. took his life Friday night.
Members of the media are shocked by the news.
https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/906584297569746944
Horrific. Everyone prays for @EricBolling and his family. Eric is a good man and this is all so heartbreaking. https://t.co/6eXL0nxUBm — Harlan Z. Hill (@Harlan) September 9, 2017
Guy-wrenching news about #EricBolling 19-year old only son Eric. Erica and I weep for the Bolling family This is horrible, our condolences — Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) September 9, 2017
https://twitter.com/Communism_Kills/status/906580328508248070
Tragedy: Eric Bolling Son Dies. Please pray for Eric & may God bring comfort to him and his family thru this pain. https://t.co/UOtTR2i0ad — Jessie Jane Duff (@JessieJaneDuff) September 9, 2017
Heartbroken over the tragedy that befell @ericbolling's family. #Prayers — Kurt Schlichter (@KurtSchlichter) September 9, 2017
So awful. My heart goes out to Eric and his family. Tragedy: Eric Bolling Son Dies | Mediaite https://t.co/8DvUNqqi9M — Don Lemon (@donlemon) September 9, 2017
Eric Bolling's 19yr old son died last night. Appears to be suicide. I'm sure leftists and #NeverTrump pricks like @CalebHowe are happy. — John Cardillo (@johncardillo) September 9, 2017
DEVELOPING…
It is no secret that Anderson Silva's days in MMA are numbered. He is getting older and we hear chatter from him and his camp constantly that he'll be out of the sport in a handful of fights. Anderson has been on the shelf since his dominating August victory over Yushin Okami but is supposed to face long-time rival Chael Sonnen after Sonnen's win over Michael Bisping at UFC on Fox 2.
In a recent interview with UOL Esportes, Silva talked about Sonnen and many other topics (transcription by Orcus).
On Sonnen:
A lot of people who hears the crap he says end up thinking; "I don't like MMA, it's a joke." What he does only hurt the sport in general. That's never good. We are in a good phase with MMA and we have to capitalize on it. It looks like Chael doesn't understand that, all he wants is for people to get angry.
On getting older:
I'm no longer the same, everything hurts and it takes much longer for me to recover (from injuries).
More after the jump including Silva discussing a desire to fight GSP and never wanting to fight Jon Jones...
On a potential superfight with Georges St. Pierre:
GSP is very educated and I like him a lot. A fight against him would be very, very, very big and this could actually happen.
On fighting Jon Jones:
I don't plan on moving up in weight anymore. He's in a different weight (class). I train with bigger guys, such as Lyoto Machida and Big Nog and I know how complicated it is. ...Every time I see Jones I tell him to keep focus, because if he does that, there's no opponent for him. He's better than everyone. He'd have a lot of advantages (over me), he's much younger and it wouldn't be something interesting (for me).
I can't blame Silva for not wanting to go up and fight a huge, young light heavyweight when he already feels he is getting older. It's not exactly a good career choice for him to make as he heads down the final stretch. The much safer option for a superfight is obviously St. Pierre.
Paul Krugman asks a very good question, namely why the political pressures for protectionism in the midst of recessions and depressions have been so weak. While I do not disagree with his points (which cite institutions such as the WTO and EU), I am surprised by what he leaves out. Here is a summary of Spence and Hlatshwayo on U.S. labor markets:
Looking back on the period from 1990 to 2008, the co-authors found that 97 percent of the 27.3 million U.S. jobs created were in the non-tradable sector. (The five largest non-tradable sectors, mentioned above, contributed 65 percent of the 1990-2008 jobs growth.) “The employment creation occurred mostly in non-tradable sectors — where we don't have international competition,” Spence said.
In other words, with more jobs in the service sector, we are practicing increased “protectionism by any other name,” often with the law and with regulation but in many cases cultural barriers and lack of trade networks will suffice. Trade costs for many services are in any case high and thus the constituency for protectionism or further protectionism is not quite there. The workers who might have supported tariff-based or quota-based protectionism thirty-five years ago already have lost their jobs to foreign trade and they or their descendents have moved to more heavily protected service sectors. As we should recall from the literature on the gravity equation, explicit tariffs are only a small part of the actual barriers to trade.
A second issue is the where the actual burden of foreign competition is falling, given a much higher degree of globalization. The Mexicans are worried about Chinese competition, but they are not mainly worried about Chinese competition pulling Mexican consumers away from Mexican products (chili peppers are one exception here). Mostly they are worried that Chinese competition has taken away many of Mexico's export markets elsewhere, and putting tariffs on Chinese goods coming into Mexico won't stop that.
I have been wondering why the new administration has continued carrying out the ruinous, misguided policies of the Bush administration when it came to the banks. I simply couldn't figure out why the hell we were giving away trillions of dollars on absurdly favorable terms to a group of incompetent managers — reckless speculators, really — who destroyed their own companies.
Perhaps this helps shed some light:
“Top White House economic adviser Lawrence Summers received about $5.2 million over the past year in compensation from hedge fund D.E. Shaw, and also received hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees from major financial institutions. A financial disclosure form released by the White House Friday afternoon shows that Mr. Summers made frequent appearances before Wall Street firms including J.P. Morgan, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers. He also received significant income from Harvard University and from investments, the form shows. In total, Mr. Summers made a total of about 40 speaking appearances to financial sector firms and other places, with fees totaling about $2.77 million. Fees ranged from $10,000 for a Yale University speech to $135,000 for an appearance paid for by Goldman Sachs & Co. The disclosure — in a financial report that is required for federal office holders — comes as Mr. Summers is involved in shaping the Obama administration's policy decisions on the financial meltdown as well as the broader recession. Among the many decisions the economic team has wrestled with has been whether to step up regulation of hedge funds, one of the most contentious subjects during a summit of world leaders this week. European nations pushed for tougher rules, while the Obama administration preferred a less stringent approach.” (emphasis added)
Let's review: Summers, along with Robert Rubin, pushed for the repeal of Glass Steagall, and supported the Commodity Futures Modernization Act; If memory serves, he was also around during the LTCM bailout.
If the history books eventually judge the Obama administration a failure, they may have to point to one horrific appointment as the root cause of the misguided policies: The “Smart Guy” who decided to continue the “Dumb Guy's policies.
And that's not very smart at all . . .
>
Source:
Hedge Fund Paid Summers $5.2 Million in Past
JOHN D. MCKINNON and T.W. FARNAM
WSJ, APRIL 3, 2009, 11:38 P.M. ET
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123879462053487927.html
See also:
Summers Earned Millions in D.E. Shaw Salary, Bank Speech Fees
Timothy J. Burger and Kristin Jensen
Bloomberg, April 4 2009
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=a4iGjejJVRko&
Story highlights Federal Reserve released survey showing average family losing 38.8% of net worth
Dean Baker: Few surprised that the average American is poorer than before
He says Alan Greenspan could have tried to contain the housing bubble
Baker: Americans should not tolerate a society in which wealth inequality widens
The Federal Reserve's newly released Survey of Consumer Finances confirmed what most of us already knew: The middle class has taken a really big hit.
The picture looks dismal, doesn't it? But none of these numbers are surprising really. Is the average American poorer than before? Yes.
The Fed's survey is picking up on the huge effect of the collapse of the housing bubble. For many middle class families, their home is by far their largest financial asset. For decades, people were encouraged to believe that it was the safest way to save for retirement or other purposes.
Dean Baker
This clearly was not true when house prices became inflated. In the years when the bubble reached levels that were clearly unsustainable, from 2002 to 2007, housing was just about the worst possible place to keep wealth.
Unfortunately, tens of millions of Americans listened to experts such as former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, who assured the country that there was no housing bubble. According to reports, Greenspan has a very nice pension and a job that pays more than $1 million a year. He certainly doesn't have to worry like the typical American family.
JUST WATCHED Middle-class talk back: Moira Bindner Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Middle-class talk back: Moira Bindner 02:01
JUST WATCHED Say goodbye to the middle class? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Say goodbye to the middle class? 04:36
It is difficult to read through the Fed survey and not get angry at the wreckage from a completely preventable disaster.
Greenspan could have used his enormous stature to warn of the dangers of buying overvalued houses. He could have warned lenders of the risks of issuing mortgages on overvalued property. And he could have used the massive research capacities of the Fed to document without question the existence of a bubble and the damage that its collapse would cause.
He also could have used the Fed's regulatory power to crack down on the epidemic of mortgage fraud that the FBI had highlighted as early as 2004.
If Greenspan had acted responsibly and taken some of these steps, as some of us have urged at the time , the housing bubble could have been contained before it was too late. But if all else failed, he could have raised interest rates. To make interest rate hikes more effective, he could have told the markets that he was explicitly targeting the bubble. For example, he could have promised to raise rates until nationwide house prices fell back to their 2000 level.
Greenspan's failure is history now, but we should demand that the Fed take asset bubbles more seriously in the future. There is nothing more important that the Fed can do.
So, what now?
It should be apparent that housing is not a safe asset, even when we are not in a bubble. Those who advocate that everyone should be a homeowner are displaying their ignorance. Homeownership in many markets can be like putting all your savings in your employer's stock. Ask an autoworker in Detroit if this is not clear.
Another important takeaway is that older Americans are extremely ill-prepared for retirement.
The median wealth for families between the ages of 55 to 64 is $179,400. For families between the ages of 45 to 54, it is just $117,900.
This is everything they own -- all their savings, retirement accounts and the equity they have in their home. The typical retiree in the next two decades will be almost entirely dependent on his or her Social Security check. Remarkably, in Washington, all the important people think the most pressing matter is finding ways to cut Social Security and Medicare.
By detailing the economic slide of the average American, the Fed survey highlights a problem that is becoming increasing clear: growing inequality in our country. While most people are hurting badly, the very rich -- whose wealth and income have grown disproportionately big in recent times -- have largely recovered from the downturn.
Americans should not tolerate a society where the rules are rigged to redistribute income upward. Otherwise, expect to become poorer.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion
How did President Barack Obama just win a second term, prevailing in evangelical (and Catholic) intensive states like Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Iowa, Ohio, and Virginia? By winning among voters other than white religious conservatives.
If you had listened to Ralph Reed or Tony Perkins, you might have thought the mighty values voters of 2004 were going to turn out in huge numbers and tip the election to Mitt Romney. Instead, he lost, as did the Republican Party's worst specimens in the culture wars: the rape apologists Todd Akin and Richard Mourdock. And marriage equality has passed in two states (as of this writing, Maryland and Maine), and pot was legalized in Washington and Colorado. (Brace yourself for tomorrow's apocalyptic conference calls, emails, op-eds, and press briefings.)
But what went wrong for Reed, Perkins, et al.?
They represent a coalition in decline—white religious conservatives—while Obama has a more diverse one, made up of various religious and non-religious voters, whites, blacks, and Latinos. This story has been emerging even before the election.
The religious right made a huge mistake of hyping their clout. From two press releases yesterday:
Family Research Council's Tony Perkins: “I would not be surprised to see tomorrow's turnout of values voters eclipse what we saw in 2004.”
Ralph Reed's Faith and Freedom Coalition: “The Faith and Freedom Coalition made over 122 million voter contacts to evangelicals, faithful Catholics, and other voters of faith in key states in 2012. FFC's voter education effort included 23 million pieces of mail, 21 million get-out-the-vote calls, 18 million text messages and emails, and 30 million voter guides distributed in 117,000 churches.”
Their overblown turnout predictions either simply did not come true—or if they did, the results demonstrate that the “values voters” no longer have the clout to tip elections with their turnout. As I've been writing all night, based on initial exit polling data, Romney has been winning in battleground states among white evangelicals, white Catholics, and weekly churchgoers. But it wasn't enough to give him a victory. In Pennsylvania, for example, while Romney won white Catholics and white Protestants, Obama won among Catholics as a whole, the unaffiliated, and non-white voters. In Ohio, evangelical turnout, at 31%, was higher than the evangelical proportion of the population (the Pew Religious Landscape Survey has it at 26%), so maybe Reed's or Perkins' GOTV worked. But the turnout wasn't enough to push Romney over the top. Similarly, in Virginia, as I noted earlier, voters weren't asked by exit pollsters if they were white born-again Christian or evangelical. But the exit poll had Romney winning among white Protestants, who make up 41% of voters, 75-25%, among white Catholics (11%), 64-33%, but Obama winning 89% of non-whites (33% of the electorate). Other data are showing that Obama won big among Latino voters generally.
The exit polls, like I have said, are imperfect: some states were not subjected to exit polling, and on religion questions, there's so much inconsistency between how questions are asked in different states that it's hard to compare two states where one includes data on evangelicals and the other does not. But given what we've learned recently about religious realignments—declining numbers of Catholics, declining numbers of mainline Protestants, declining numbers of evangelicals in the 18- to 29-year-old age group, and increasing numbers of unaffiliated voters, and in particular, atheists and agnostics in the 18- to 29-year-old age group—it seems like a significant shift is underway. A recent Pew survey found that there are now equal numbers of white evangelicals and unaffiliated voters, and a Public Religion Research Institute poll found similar results. I noted at the time of the PRRI survey that the bulk of Romney's base was coming from white conservative evangelicals, mainline Protestants, and Catholics, while Obama's “support comes from a more diverse group: 23% from the unaffiliated, 18% from black Protestants, 15% from white mainline Protestants, 14% from white Catholics, 8% from Latino Catholics, and 7% from non-Christians. Romney draws just 3% of his base from Latino Catholics, 2% from non-Christians, and an unmeasurable portion from black Protestants.”
It looks like a religious realignment is well on its way. That's not to suggest (as I've said before) that the culture wars are going away. But the same narratives about “values voters” and the evangelical vote, even with its growing alignment with conservative Catholics, do not have the same explanatory—or electoral—power they once claimed.
SANA, Yemen — Yemeni security officials said Wednesday that they had foiled an audacious plot by Al Qaeda to seize an important port and kidnap or kill foreigners working there, but the claim aroused some skepticism among Yemenis and independent terrorism analysts.
The foiled plot did not appear to be related to the possible terrorist threat that has led to the closing of embassies here and elsewhere.
Yemen's capital was in a state of high alert on Wednesday, with jet fighters soaring overhead and many streets barricaded.
Hours later, three drone strikes early Thursday east of the capital killed at least three people, according to witnesses. The strikes occurred a day after seven people were killed in a strike in the southeast portion of the country, said American government officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to reporters. A strike on Tuesday killed four people.
Pumpkin Chocolate Cupcakes with Pumpkin Cream Cheese Frosting
Chocolate and pumpkin are two great flavors that go really well together,
add on pumpkin cream cheese frosting and it's a win-win!
I love Fall, pumpkin and all that goes along with Halloween.
Having fun dressing up and the silly fun that follows.
This year, I am a little behind though, as I just realized I don't have costumes picked out. Believe me I did think about it for 2 seconds and there was that day that I took the kids to the store and they looked and looked, but didn't find THE costume.
Now that Halloween is only a few days away, I guess I should really put my thinking cap on and decide what I'm going to be and help the kids pin point what they want to be and then there is my husband, yes he does dress up when I make him. I secretly think he enjoys it but doesn't want to hear about it until we are almost out the door, so I usually have a back up plan of something easy for him to dress as.
This year, no.
Do you dress up?
Are you all ready?
Am I the only one that didn't prepare in advance? Ok panic is setting in and I need to decide, help me what should my husband and I dress up as, what costumes have worked best for you? Really I'm desperate, I NEED HELP!
While you're thinking of costumes I'll tell you all about these easy and delicious cupcakes.
Chocolate Pumpkin Cupcakes (with chocolate chips) Printable Recipe
1 box German Chocolate Cake mix 3 eggs 1/2 cup butter 1 cup pumpkin puree 1 1/4 cups milk 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice 1 cup mini chocolate chips Place cake mix, room temperature butter, eggs and milk, pumpkin and pumpkin pie spice into mixing bowl and mix on medium speed for two minutes, scrape downsides after one minute. Stir in chocolate chips. Use a large scoop (3 Tablespoon size) it helps them to all come out in a uniform shape, into your lined cupcake pans. Bake at 325 degrees for 20 minutes. Let cool completely.
Pumpkin Cream Cheese Frosting 4 oz cream cheese 1/2 cup butter 5 cups powdered sugar 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice 3 Tablespoons milk Beat cream cheese and sugar then add powdered sugar pumpkin pie spice and milk and mix until fully blended together and fluffy. Remove 4 Tablespoons frosting for the stems, add two drops of Americolor Avocado for the green. Add a drop of Orange Americolor coloring to the remaining frosting
I placed the orange frosting in a piping bag with a #2D tip and started piping the pumpkins. Begin at the top of each cupcake and pipe down three lines one on each outer edge and one down the center. Then pipe two additional lines in the spaces in between the other three. Apply the green stems with tip #66.
It's a pumpkin patch of cupcakes!
Don't forget to tell me all about what costumes you think we should wear.
The Canadian dollar finished above 77 cents US today on an oil rally that's lasted for the past week and a weaker greenback.
The loonie rose 0.43 of a cent to 77.26 cents US at the close, its strongest showing since mid-August.
Oil continued its climb on confidence that U.S. shale drillers are cutting back on production. A report earlier this week by the U.S. Energy Information Agency forecast lower global oil production and an increase in demand.
Later in the day, the Baker Hughes rig count showed that 14 more U.S. rigs had been pulled out of production this week, for a total of 795 drillers still at work. It was the sixth consecutive week of declines.
West Texas Intermediate crude, the main North American contract, was up seven cents to $49.50 US a barrel. It moved as high as $50.92 in morning trading.
Oil has been rising since Oct. 2, in part on news of Russian airstrikes in Syria and Iran.
Brent, the main international contract, was at $52.52 and Canadian crude contract Western Canada Select was up five cents at $34.48.
"One development that is significant is what's happening in the Middle East with Russia starting military operations there," said Robert Mark of MacDougall, MacDougall & McTier,
He says the rebound in oil prices at this time of year is a positive as energy prices tend to weaken in autumn. MacDougall, MacDougall & MacTier is predicting oil will settle at or above the $50 market in the next few weeks, but won't hit $70 until the second half of 2016.
"The next big hurdle in terms of analyzing supply and demand is the impact of Iran returning to the market. We're not going to know that until early next year," Mark told CBC News.
TSX down today, but up on the week
The TSX was down 14 points to 13,964, but is up 630 points since last Friday in its best week of the year.
After being beaten down for six weeks by concern over China's economic slowdown, stocks around the world have rallied this week.
Part of the optimism in oil and stock trading is based on the Federal Reserve minutes released yesterday, which seemed to indicate the U.S. central bank would wait to raise rates until the impact of China's economic slowdown is more fully known.
That helped push down the U.S. dollar, which has become stronger on anticipation that rates would soon rise.
A boost in gold and metals prices helped buoy the market, though financials and energy stocks ended lower.
Today's Canadian jobs report showed unemployment rising to 7.1 per cent as full-time jobs were eliminated in the economy in September.
Further bad news followed in the Bank of Canada's quarterly business survey, which showed a "tepid" outlook with some cautious optimism about the year to come.
Ochoa in action for Mexico against El Salvador at the Gold Cup
Five Mexico internationals have tested positive for the banned substance Clenbuterol.
The players named are goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa, defenders Francisco Rodriguez and Edgar Duenas and midfielders Antonio Naelson 'Sinha' and Christian Bermudez.
Mexico are taking part in Concacaf Gold Cup in the United States.
Despite the controversy, Mexico booked their place in the quarter-finals on Thursday with a 5-0 victory over Cuba.
"We will wait for the final result [of the investigation]," said Mexico coach Jose Manuel De La Torre after the game.
"Not having all the players hurt but we will be waiting for Concacaf's decision."
The general secretary of the Mexican Football Federation (Femexfut) Decio de Maria said the quintet had been suspended from the tournament.
Did you know? Tour de France winner Alberto Contador tested positive for Clenbuterol in 2010 - his case will be heard by the Court of Arbitration for Sport in August
He added that any further sanctions, which could include bans of up to two years, would be determined by Femexfut.
"Late on Wednesday we received the anti-doping analysis of 14 players of the 'Tri' [national team] that were done on 21 May and five players showed positive," De Maria announced at a news conference.
"The substance for which they were positive is Clenbuterol. The players will be withdrawn from coach Jose Manuel de la Torre's team."
De Maria added: "The cause is believed to be because of [eating] beef or chicken between 17 and 20 May so an investigation will be made with the food suppliers. For the time being we don't see any negligence by anyone, not even theirs.
"We know there is a health alert throughout the country because of food contaminated with Clenbuterol and that will be taken into account for the investigation."
In April, Germany's anti-doping agency [Nada] advised against athletes eating products from Mexico because it might increase the risk of involuntary positive doping results. Mexico denied there was a problem.
On April 9th we organized a solidarity action for Soulforce's #GiveBackIX campaign in partnership with Campus Pride at our 30th annual Pomona-Pitzer Track and Field Invitational in Southern California.
Out of the 47 schools that competed at the meet, 10 have anti-LGBTQI policies in place or have Title IX exemptions to openly discriminate against LGBTQI students. Our goal was to raise awareness for this issue by putting up a simple banner with a simple message:
"Solidarity with Queer and Trans Students at Christian Schools"
We also distributed information to athletes, coaches and spectators. We invited people to take pictures with the banner and share reasons why "giving back" Title IX is crucial to safety and fair play on college campuses.
If there's anything we've learned from this event, it's how lucky we are. Our coaches were incredibly supportive and interested in supporting the action. When introducing the event to our team, our head coach emphasized how important it is to protect Title IX.
Our team support was amazing and exceeded all of our expectations. We found teammates who were more invested in supporting queer and trans students than we would have ever imagined. Many of our teammates shared why they thought Title IX protections for queer students were important and gathered for a picture with the #GiveBackIX banner. They joined other members of the Pomona-Pitzer community in the picture, who also gathered in support and solidarity.
At one point a man from one of the Christian schools purposefully attempted to take down our banner. The man's hatred for what we were doing felt so tangible, but it was met with an equal strength of love right back. We quickly fixed our banner, with many more people offering to help put it back up. This one man's efforts to silence us were no match for the show of support.
The moment was symbolic of the support this movement has against the struggles it faces. While some will always try to take down our movement, there will be so many more people to prop it right back up. There were far more positive conversations, thoughtful questions, and excited supporters than angry or resentful looks.
All of this reminded us that we are fortunate to attend institutions and be part of teams that deeply value protecting queer students and queer rights. It is because of this good fortune that we're reminded how important it is to support students at schools without such supportive policies or atmospheres. Everyone struggling to stay safe, come out, be active, or just come to terms with their identity in those institutions deserves our solidarity.
More than that, they deserve our voices, to push for a system where everyone has the chance to study and compete in an environment as safe and supportive as ours.
Most egg farmers in the United States will stop grinding male baby chickens to death over the next four years.
United Egg Producers, the industry group that represents 95 percent of egg producers in the country, announced Thursday that they would end the process of “culling” male chicks by 2020. Instead, they'll use technology that determines the sex of a chicken embryo still inside an egg.
Let's back up a minute. Why were egg producers ever grinding up newborn chicks to begin with? Basically, because they're useless to the egg industry, explained David Coman-Hidy, executive director of The Humane League, a farm animal protection group that negotiated the agreement.
Daleen Loest via Getty Images An industry group representing most egg producers in the U.S. has pledged to end the practice of mass-slaughtering male chicks.
Egg farmers don't sell off the chicks to be raised for meat, because in industrial agriculture, the breeds of chickens raised for meat and for egg production are totally different.
“Egg layers are bred to be egg-laying machines who can pump out hundreds of eggs each year. They're expected to live for approximately one year, typically confined to a tiny cage,” Coman-Hidy told The Huffington Post in an email. “On the other hand, broilers are bred to be grotesquely large, growing to a huge size within one month — this is like having a toddler that weighs hundreds of pounds — when they are slaughtered. This leaves the male laying breed as the odd man out — too small to be really profitable to raise for meat and unable to lay eggs.”
The exact lifespans of broilers and egg hens varies. The U.S. Poultry and Egg Association says hens “usually” have a two-year “production cycle.” The U.S. Department of Agriculture puts typical broiler slaughter age between 38 and 61 days.
Until now, the industry's solution to deal with these millions of unwanted male chicks has been to throw them, typically still alive, into high-speed grinders similar to woodchippers. Sometimes instead, the chicks are suffocated, or killed via their spinal cords being severed, according to a Humane League news release about the decision.
But now United Egg Producers is pursuing an alternative called ovo-sexing, which involves sticking a needle into an egg to detect slight differences in DNA to indicate whether the hatched chick will be a male or a female. Eggs that will hatch into males can then simply be put into the egg supply chain, Coman-Hidy said.
The reason this might take until 2020 is because “the technology is not commercially available yet — but it will be soon,” according to Coman-Hidy.
Chad Gregory, United Egg Producers president and CEO, said in a press release that the group will adopt the technology “as soon as it is commercially available and economically feasible.”
While the change will spare millions and millions of male chicks from a painful death, the sad truth remains that the surviving hens largely go on to lead miserable lives in cages so small the animals can barely move. “Cage-free” eggs are a step in the right direction, but a cage-free label is no guarantee that eggs are cruelty-free. “Cage-free” hens often still live in crowded barns with no windows or stimulation.
But Coman-Hidy is optimistic that these changes represent a major shift for the better in the way that people think about the animals humans use for food.
“It's an indicator that society is coming to recognize that farmed animals have lives, they feel pain and that they matter,” he said.
The Luna moth (Actias luna) is a Nearctic moth in the family Saturniidae, subfamily Saturniinae, a group commonly known as giant silk moths. It has lime-green colored wings and a white body. The larvae (caterpillars) are also green. Typically, it has a wingspan of roughly 114 mm (4.5 in), but can exceed 178 mm (7.0 in), making it one of the larger moths in North America. Across Canada, it has one generation per year, with the winged adults appearing in late May or early June, whereas farther south it will have two or even three generations per year, the first appearance as early as March in southern parts of the United States.[1]
As defense mechanisms, larvae emit clicks as a warning and also regurgitate intestinal contents, confirmed as having a deterrent effect on a variety of predators.[2] The elongated tails of the hindwings are thought to confuse the echolocation detection used by predatory bats.[3][4] A parasitic fly deliberately introduced to North America to be a biological control for the invasive species gypsy moth appears to have had a negative impact on Luna moths and other native moths.[5][6]
Description [ edit ]
Eggs, attached in small groups to undersides of leaves, are mottled white and brown, slightly oval, and roughly 1.5 millimeters in diameter.[7] Larvae are primarily green, with sparse hairs. The first instar, emerging from the egg, reaches a length of 6–8 mm (0.24–0.31 in), the second 9–10 mm (0.35–0.39 in), the third 12–16 mm (0.47–0.63 in) and the fourth 23–26 mm (0.91–1.02 in). The fifth (final) instar grows to approximately 70–90 mm (2.8–3.5 in) in length.[7] Small, colorful dots – yellow or magenta – may line the sides of the fourth and fifth instars. The larvae may take on a reddish-brown color just prior to cocooning. Fifth-instar larvae descend to the ground and uses silk to bind dead leaves around the cocoon.[1]
The imagoes (winged, sexually mature), often referred to as 'adult moths,' emerge from the pupae with the wings small, crumpled and held close to the body. Over a period of several hours the wings will enlarge to full size. Wingspan is typically 8–11.5 cm (3.1–4.5 in), in rare instances as much as 17.78 cm (7.00 in). Females and males are similar in size and appearance: green wings, eyespots on both forewings and hind wings, and long, sometimes somewhat twisted tails extending from the back edge of the hindwings. Bodies are white and hairy. Adults have vestigial mouthparts and do not feed. Energy is from fat stores created while a caterpillar. The forward edge of the forewing is dark-colored and thick, tapering in thickness from the thorax to the wing tip. Its color can range from maroon to brown. The eyespots, one per wing, are oval in shape on the forewings and round on the hindwings. Each eyespot can have arcs of black, blue, red, yellow, green or white. The eyespots are thought to confuse potential predators.[1][7]
There are some sex-determined and regional differences in appearance. Females will have a larger abdomen compared to males because it contains 200–400 eggs. Both sexes have antennae, but on the male, much longer and wider. Wing color is blue-green in the north and for the over-wintering generation in the central and southern states; second and third generation wing color has more of a yellow-green tint.[1]
Etymology [ edit ]
Described and named Phalena plumata caudata by James Petiver in 1700, this was the first North American saturniid to be reported in the insect literature.[1] The initial Latin name, which roughly translates to "brilliant, feather tail",[8] was replaced when Carl Linnaeus described the species in 1758 in the tenth edition of Systema Naturae, and renamed it Phalaena luna, later Actias luna, with luna derived from Luna, the Roman moon goddess. The common name became "Luna moth".[1] Several other North American giant silk moths were also given species names after Roman or Greek mythology.[9]
Distribution [ edit ]
The Luna moth is found in North America, from east of the Great Plains in the United States – Florida to Maine, and from Saskatchewan eastward through central Quebec to Nova Scotia in Canada.[1][7][10] Luna moths are also rarely found in Western Europe as vagrants.[11]
Life cycle [ edit ]
Based on the climate in which they live, Luna moths produce different numbers of generations per year. In Canada and northern regions of the United States they are univoltine, meaning one generation per year. Life stages are approximately two weeks as eggs, 6–7 weeks as larvae, nine months as pupae, finishing with one week as winged adults appearing in late May or early June. In the mid-Atlantic states the species is bivoltine, and farther south trivoltine, meaning respectively two and three generations per year. In the central states the first generation appears in April, second in July. Even farther south, first generation appears as early as March, with second and third spaced eight to ten weeks later.[1]
Eggs [ edit ]
Females lay 200–400 eggs, singly or in small groups, on the underside of leaves of the tree species preferred by the larvae. Egg laying starts the evening after mating is completed and goes on for several days. Eggs hatch in about a week.[1][7]
Larvae [ edit ]
Each instar – the period between molts – generally takes about 4–10 days. There are five instars before cocooning. At the end of each instar, a small amount of silk is placed on the major vein of a leaf and the larva undergoes apolysis, then ecdysis (molting), leaving the old exoskeleton behind. Sometimes the shed exoskeleton is eaten. Each instar is green, though the first two instars do have some variation in which some larvae will have black underlying splotches on their dorsal side. The final instar grows to approximately 70 mm (2.8 in) to 90 mm (3.5 in) in length. This is a tree-dwelling species. Larvae stay on the same tree where they hatched until it is time to descend to the ground to make a cocoon. When females emerge from cocoons they fly to preferred tree species, emit pheromones, and wait there for males to find them.[1][7]
Pupae [ edit ]
The Luna moth pupates after spinning a silk cocoon, which is thin and single layered. Shortly before pupation, the final, fifth-instar caterpillar will engage in a "gut dump" where any excess water and intestinal contents are expelled. As pupae, this species is more physically active than most moths. When disturbed, the moths will wiggle within their pupal cases, producing a noise. Pupation takes approximately two weeks unless the individual is in diapause over winter, in which case the pupal stage takes about nine months. The mechanisms triggering diapause are generally a mixture of genetic triggers, duration of sunlight and temperature. The pupae have chitinous spurs near the base of the forewings. By vigorously moving about within the cocoon, these spurs tear a circular opening from which the imago emerges, the silk of the cocoon having also been weakened by the secretion of cocoonase, a protein-digesting enzyme.[1][12]
Imago (winged) [ edit ]
Pupae transition to winged state after receiving external signals in the form of temperature change. When the adult Luna moths emerge from their pupae, their abdomens are swollen and their wings are small, soft and wet. The first few hours of adult life, will be spent pumping hemolymph (invertebrates' equivalent to blood) from the abdomen into the wings. The moths must wait for the wings to dry and harden before being able to fly. This process can take 2–3 hours to complete. Luna moths are not rare, but are rarely seen due to their very brief (7–10 day) adult lives and nocturnal flying time. As with all giant silk moths, the adults do not eat, and thus are not seen visiting flowers. In regions where there are two or three generations per year, the second and third may have wing coloration that is more of a yellow-green compared to the first generation of the year.[1]
Mating [ edit ]
Giant silk moths have in common a mating process wherein the females, at night, release volatile sex pheromones, which the males, flying, detect via their large antennae. Males can detect these molecules at a distance of several miles, and then fly in the direction the wind is coming from until reaching the female. Luna moth females mate with the first males to find them, a process that typically starts after midnight and takes several hours.[1] Researchers extracted three chemical compounds from the pheromone gland of unmated Luna moth females and identified one major and two minor aldehyde compounds designated E6, Z11-18:Ald, E6-18:Ald and Z11-18:Ald. The same compounds were also synthesized. Field experiments with both unmated females and the synthesized compounds confirmed that E6, Z11-18:Ald was the major sex pheromone, attraction augmented by the addition of E6-18:Ald but not by Z11-18:Ald. The authors mentioned that no other moth species were attracted to either the unmated females or the synthesized products, confirming that the pheromone is species-specific, at least for the sites and dates where it was tested.[13]
Gallery of life cycle [ edit ]
Eggs from female raised in captivity, laid on coarse paper
Hatching larva
4th-instar larva. Spots can also be yellow or magenta.
5th-instar larva starting to create a cocoon (note silk strands to leaves)
Pupa, removed from cocoon. Eyes visible at head end (left)
Wings drying and enlarging after emergence from pupa
Mating imagos (winged adults). Male, with larger antennae, on left
Close-up images [ edit ]
Antennae (male)
Eye-spot on hindwing
Eye-spot on forewing
Extreme close-up of scales in eye-spot
Predators and parasites [ edit ]
Some species of giant silk moth larvae are known to make clicking noises when attacked by rubbing their serrated mandibles together. These clicks are audible to humans and extend into ultrasound frequencies audible to predators. Clicks are thought to be a form of aposematic warning signaling, made prior to predator-deterring regurgitation of intestinal contents. Luna moth larvae click and regurgitate, with the regurgitated material confirmed as being a predator deterrent against several species.[2]
Imagos (winged adults) of this and related night-flying Actias species collectively referred to as "moon moths" have long hindwing tails. A false target hypothesis holds that the tails evolved as a means of reducing risk of predation by bats which use echolocation to locate prey.[3] Experiments were conducted with Luna moths with intact wings and with the tails removed. With intact wings, a majority of the attacking bats contacted the hindwing tails rather than the body of the moth; only 35% of intact moths were caught versus 81% for those with clipped tails. The results of this experiment support echolocation distortion as an effective countermeasure.[4]
The parasitic fly Compsilura concinnata native to Europe was deliberately introduced to the United States throughout much of the 20th century as a biological control for gypsy moths. Due to its flexible life cycle, it can parasitize more than 150 species of butterflies and moths in North America.[5][14] Researchers reported that when Luna moth larvae were placed outside for about a week and then collected and returned to the laboratory, four parasitoid species emerged, the most common being C. concinnata. The researchers concluded that this parasitic fly causes collateral damage to Luna moth populations.[6]
Host plants [ edit ]
The larvae of Luna moths feed on several different species of broadleaf trees. The larvae do not reach population densities sufficient to cause significant damage to their host trees.[7] Tuskes listed white birch (Betula papyrifera), American persimmon (Diospyros virginiana) and American sweet gum (Liquidambar styraciflua), plus several species of hickory (Carya), walnut (Juglan) and sumac (Rhus).[1] Other tree species have been identified as suitable for Actias luna larvae, but a feeding experiment that also included black cherry, cottonwood, quaking aspen, white willow, red oak, white oak and tulip tree reported very poor survival on these seven tree species even though older literature had identified them as hosts. The author suggested that host plant utilization may differ regionally, so that larvae collected from one region may not tolerate host plants readily consumed in another region.[15] Biochemical detoxification of host plant defensive chemicals by digestive system enzymes may be a factor in regional host plant specialization.[15] Juglone is a chemical compound common to walnut and hickory which most insects find a deterrent or even toxic. Luna moth larvae have higher concentrations of juglone-neutralizing digestive system enzymes compared to other lepidoptera, and concentrations were even higher when larvae were fed walnut or hickory leaves versus white birch or American sweet gum. This suggests evolutionary and inducible adaptations to allow consumption of certain host plants.[15]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The Luna moth appeared on a first class United States postage stamp issued in June 1987. Although more than two dozen butterflies have been so honored,[16] as of 2018 this is the only moth.[17]
"Editor's note: This story corrects the suspect's name. He was identified first by authorities as Sylvester Franco-Luviano, which was later determined to be one of his many aliases. The suspect has been identified as Juan Navarro Rios."
GEORGETOWN, TEXAS -- The man arrested Tuesday night on a Dallas County murder warrant had been deported three times before, the U.S. Marshals Service said Wednesday.
Juan Navarro Rios, 43, was arrested around 7:30 p.m. Tuesday after police received a tip he was at an apartment near Georgetown High School. The school was locked down as a precaution while police surrounded the complex and arrested him.
Police told KVUE Tuesday as they were attempting to begin negotiations with Rios, a fire broke out inside the apartment. Officials said Rios attempted to flee down the stairs before he was caught. During a Wednesday briefing, Georgetown police said officers shot bean bag rounds at Rios, striking him once.
Investigators said they did find a firearm in the apartment Rios fled.
Rios was held Tuesday night in the Williamson County jail charged with the murder warrant out of Dallas County. Other charges are pending in Williamson County, but the murder charge in Dallas County will take precedent, police said. On Wednesday he was transported to the Dallas County Jail were he is being held with a $250,000 bond.
Rios went by several aliases including Silvestre Franco-Luviano, Guillermo Luviano Franco, Guillermo Franco, Sibestre Franco and Sylvester Franco.
Rios had multiple criminal charges in Williamson County including felony possession of a controlled substance and burglary of a vehicle.
BlackBerry Messenger has been confirmed as coming to Android. That news arrived back in mid-May and while there was some initial excitement, that appears to have for the most part gone away. There was a brief mention yesterday suggesting BBM would be launching for Android on June 27th, however even that wasn't meet with much in terms of excitement. For now the June 27th launch date remains unconfirmed, but there appears to be more to this story.
It seems BlackBerry is looking to have Messengered pre-loaded on select Android handsets. Basically, it is looking like BBM could end up another piece of bloatware and hopefully it will be a piece that is able to be removed. While this bit has been confirmed by the folks at BlackBerry, there hasn't been much said in terms of which devices may have BBM pre-loaded.
BlackBerry Chief Operating Officer Kristian Tear told CNET that “there is interest from other handset makers.” Touching on that potential release date, Tear declined to comment on when BBM would be released for Android. There was some talk of the current user base. At present Tear noted that BBM has an active user base of 61 million and that 70 percent are using it daily.
While that is certainly not a small number, there may be another hitch in terms of the success on Android. This other hitch comes from Google. Specifically, Hangouts which we saw announced a short while back during Google I/O. BBM may seem like a good option for Android users to keep in touch with friends and family on other platforms, however so is Hangouts.
The other side of this story is whether BBM coming to other platforms will convince some BlackBerry users to finally switch devices. After all, we suspect there may be a few long term BlackBerry users that are sticking around for a few limited reasons, one of which may be BBM. Of course, that was addressed by Tear who spoke about how they (BlackBerry) doesn't “feel like that is a risk.” So how about it, is anyone excited about the upcoming launch of BBM on Android?
SOURCE: CNET
"People will die," Kelly said. "We've seen reports only recently that one-in-four Australian households this winter will be frightened to turn the heater on because of the price of electricity."
Kelly told ABC's AM program , Australians will be unwilling to turn on their heaters this winter because of high power prices pushed up by government subsidies for renewable energy power sources.
As Guardian Australia noted , an Abbott government review found the renewable energy target actually did the opposite to Kelly's assertion. That is, it put downward pressure on power prices.
Last year, Kelly made a largely ignored speech to the House of Representatives about the number of child drownings in Australia.
That opportunity will be denied to thousands and thousands of young kids because of the change of housing policy in this nation where more and more children will be growing up in high rise apartments.
I think of my experience growing up in Peakhurst, just a middle class suburb in the south of Sydney, many neighbours had the simple backyard swimming pools, above the ground… and we learned to swim.
We cannot ignore that fact in this parliament that there are policies being put in by governments, both state and federal, that are increasing the costs of electricity, and by doing so we increase the cost of swimming lessons. That is a fact.
The MP from Sydney said Labor's clean energy target would increase power prices, which would mean more people burning wood to heat their homes, increasing air pollution, more "particulate matter", and in turn a higher risk of lung cancer:
We need to think about the unintended consequences of our policies. Policies that the Labor Party is proposing, such as a 50 per cent renewable energy target, although they might fill some hearts with warmth and joy, will push up electricity prices. They will result in more people burning wood in Western Sydney, result in greater pollution and result in death. It is that serious. We need to do everything we can to lower electricity prices in Western Sydney, and we need to keep a close eye on our air pollution levels.
It's a popular argument from Kelly. He did the same, linking renewables to burning wood and causing "cancer in humans", in February 2016:
Get the biggest West Brom FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion are preparing to step up their interest in Salomon Kalou.
The Baggies are keen to bring in more firepower, preferably in time for next week's pre-season camp in Austria .
The Lille player has a £2.6million get-out clause which would enable him to move.
Sources close to the player suggest the biggest hurdles would be his salary and the fact that Albion aren't competing in Europe.
But Steve Clarke's influence - he worked with Kalou at Chelsea - and last week's arrival of Nicolas Anelka might aid Albion's pursuit.
Elsewhere, as revealed by Birmingham Mail on Saturday , Albion will hold further talks with a view to securing Goran Popov for another season.
Dynamo Kyiv revealed they were in discussions with Albion about extending the player's loan for another season.
Popov made 13 appearances for Albion last season during his one-year loan spell.
Albion and Kyiv did, initially, have a price set for the 28-year-old but the Baggies decided to renegotiate at the end of last season.
It now seems the two clubs are close to agreeing another year-long temporary move.
Popov has hinted that he would like to extend his career at Kyiv for a longer period beyond next year, but would be very willing to return to Albion for another 12 months.
Image caption The legislation sets targets for the increase in the use of renewable energy in Mexico
Mexican President Felipe Calderon has signed a law introducing binding targets on climate change.
Mr Calderon said on Twitter that the law would make Mexico the "first developing country with integral legislation against climate change".
The law, which sets targets on reducing greenhouse gas emissions and increasing the use of renewable energy, is only the second of its kind in the world.
The measures had been passed by the Senate in April by 78 votes to nil.
'International leader'
"Mexico is committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2020 and by 50% by 2050," Mr Calderon said in another tweet.
"This law is part of the all the efforts that have made Mexico an international leader in environmental protection," he added.
The law was signed on Tuesday, the UN Environment Programme's World Environment Day.
As well as setting a target on greenhouse gas emissions, it stipulates that 35% of Mexico's energy will have to come from renewable sources by 2024, and that government agencies will be obliged to use renewables.
Despite being the sixth-largest oil exporter in the world, correspondents say the oil sector has been declining in importance in Mexico in recent years.
The law also provides for the establishment of a trading scheme for greenhouse gas emissions permits.
The only similar legislation to have been enacted so far elsewhere in the world was introduced by the UK government in 2008. It pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 80% by 2050.
Comic Book Publisher Ends Relationship With Vendor Over Marriage Equality
On Tuesday independent comic book publisher Oni Press announced that the company will stop purchasing office and packaging materials from ULine due to their ties with Family-PAC, a political organization which has tried to block marriage equality in the state of Illinois.
In a statement signed by the company's staff, including its publisher Joe Nozemack and Editor-in-Chief James Lucas Jones, Oni said, "Everyone is entitled to their opinion and beliefs, but it is also up to us whether or not we choose to support them. We choose instead to support our readers, creators, and employees regardless of their gender identity, race, or sexual orientation which is why effective immediately, we are severing all ties with ULine and pursuing a relationship with a local vendor."
ULine is controlled by Richard Uihlein, who, according to Crain's Chicago Business, is one of Illinois's most prolific Republican contributors. He has contributed to Family-PAC, which targeted robocalls against proponents of marriage equality, like, Rep. Mike Smiddy, as well as the Illinois Family Institute, another state-wide conservative group.
"While our professional relationship with ULine has been a prosperous one," stated Oni, "the fact that Family-PAC is funded in part by ULine's CEO, Robert Uihlein, is information we simply cannot abide or ignore."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Atoc's Michael Roberts: "People are voting with their feet and their wallets increasingly to travel by train"
Train fares will rise by an average of 5.9% in January 2012, the Association of Train Operating Companies has said.
In his Autumn Statement last month, Chancellor George Osborne capped fare increases at 6%, instead of the expected 8%.
Fare rises are linked to July's inflation, as measured by the Retail Prices Index, which stood at 5%.
Atoc said the fare increase would be used to pay for "new trains, faster services and better stations".
"The long standing government approach to sustaining rail investment is to cut the contribution from taxpayers and increase the share paid for by passengers," said the group's chief executive Michael Roberts.
Currently, passengers contribute about £6.5bn to the running of the railways, with taxpayers picking up the remaining £4bn.
Policy change
The fare increases apply in England, Scotland and Wales, and take effect from Monday 2 January.
About half of all fares are set by the government formula of RPI inflation in July, plus 1%. RPI is currently running at 5.2%.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Campaigner Sophie Allain: "We already have the most expensive rail fares in Europe"
In last year's Spending Review, the government said it wanted to increase this to RPI plus 3%, but last month the chancellor said he would not be implementing this change.
The average increase covers regulated fares such as season tickets for most commuter journeys, and off-peak fares on most intercity trains, Atoc said.
Unregulated tickets include advance tickets and business fares at peak times. Atoc said these fares were "heavily influenced" by government policy.
The increase of 5.9% applies to both regulated and unregulated fares. The fact it is an average means some fares will rise by more than this figure, and some will rise by less.
Customers wanting to know the precise details of fare increases relevant to them should go to National Rail Enquiries to see the difference in cost between a ticket now and the same ticket after 2 January, Atoc said.
'Rich toy'
The Labour party criticised the government for allowing fare rises that could be more than 5.9%.
"It's clear that many commuters are facing a fares fiddle thanks to the government's decision to allow train companies to average out the revised fare cap across a range of tickets, meaning many tickets will rise by a shocking 9% in the new year," said Maria Eagle, shadow transport secretary.
In September, the then transport secretary Philip Hammond described UK rail fares as so expensive that trains had become a "rich man's toy".
Atoc said rail journey numbers had increased by 5% in the first nine months of this year, with demand now as high as it has ever been in peacetime since the 1920s.
I have been looking forward to attending The Festival US since the Shelton Brothers and 12% imports announced that it would be in Portland, Maine this year, my wife had attended last year when it was held in Worcester, Massachusetts, she had nothing but great things to say and that impressed me for a first year festival.
I attended both sessions on Saturday June 22nd, it was hot and sunny so I decided not to show up early but gambled that the line (I knew it would be long) would be moving along pretty quickly and showed up just after 1pm when the doors had already opened. This turned out to be a good gamble on my part, as predicted the line was very long but it was moving along pretty well, they didn't appear to have too many issues with the tickets and after a quick ID check and ticket scan you were given the bracelets that designated what session you were attending. With bracelet on you could walk right into the Portland Yacht services building, picking up your glass and 48 tickets (pours were 1oz for 1 ticket, 2oz for two) on the way.
If you haven't been in the Yacht Services building, it's a large brick building that is very long, the festival took place in the first 3 bays of the building. The venue was really cool, each bay was different but all of them were very industrial with large wooden support beams, concrete floors and large lifting equipment suspended overhead. The brewers and vendors were set up along the sides of the room in the first two bays with rinsing stations down the middle of both rooms. Bay 3 was dedicated to food vendors with a handful of tables set up in the middle of the room to stand and eat at. Lack of restrooms was the most common complaint I heard, they were located in Bay 1 (women only), there were a couple unisex bathrooms out in Bay 3 and portable toilets located out the side door in Bay 2, these three areas all seemed to have long lines but they appeared to be moving along, and taking my own advice from my brewfest survival guide and knowing my surroundings, I took notice of the two portable toilets just outside the main entrance that never had a line.
It's always interesting to check out a couple different sessions of a brewfest, the crowds tend to be different across the sessions. Session number 2 was the sold out session and the one I expected to find a room that was overcrowded and unbearably long lines, I however was very wrong, the rooms were large enough to accommodate the crowd and with exception of a couple booths the lines were short and moving quickly. Session 3 which is notoriously the “rowdy” crowd and the reason I try to avoid that session was really not that bad, they seemed more intoxicated than the second session but all in all very under control and just generally happy to be there drinking excellent beer.
My wife had wonderful things to say about the food trucks at last year's festival so I made sure to check them out and I wasn't disappointed. The Thirsty Pig, Bite into Maine, Pizza Pie on the Fly, Hella Good Tacos, Binga's Winga's and Small Axe all had booths and were selling a nice variety of foods, from your classic pizza and sausages to quesadillas and lobster rolls. In session 2 I grabbed a slice of pizza from Pizza Pie on the Fly, nothing wild just a slice of cheese to keep my energy up and the huge double sized slice did the trick. Session 3 I ended up with a massive quesadilla from Hella Good Tacos that rocked, the prices in my opinion were fair considering the size of the portions. I was also able to purchase water bottles from the food trucks; I kept a bottle on me the entire festival and honestly believe it's a major factor in my lack of hangover today.
The beer, because that's what it's all about, was amazing. In two sessions I sampled maybe 2 beers that I didn't care for. There were rare and hard to find beers being poured, often times in limited quantities per session. The variety in styles was outstanding; I've never attended a festival with so many sour beers that was a highlight for me. One thing that I did notice that seemed to be a point of confusion for a lot of the crowd but I felt worked in my favor was the lack of signage on the brewers part. Some of the brewers that I expected to be swarmed had no lines at all, Cantillon, Westvleteren and Crooked Stave were some of the notable ones that had minimal signage or signage on the table making them extremely accessible, where some of the clearly marked booths, such as Hill Farmstead almost always had a long line and ran out of beer before the sessions ended. In session 3 I found myself sampling from brewers I had walked by for 4 hours in the previous session without knowing they were there, although if I had taken the time to study my map I might have known they were there, but who reads maps?
Overall I thought The Festival US was outstanding, the venue, the way it was run, the extremely talented brewers, the people who attended, all of these factors made this a next level brewfest, to the point that my only regret is not having a ticket to the first session. I'm very thankful that the Shelton Brothers and 12% imports chose Portland, Maine to host this event, it not only gave this beer blogger and every other beer blogger, beer writer and podcaster (and there were a bunch of us) the opportunity to try rock star brews from around the world we don't see every day but gave us the chance to interact face to face with the brewers.
I would like to end this blog post by personally thanking the Volunteers who worked the festival. Without this dedicated group of beer lovers this event would not have happened, and proving that point session 3 was delayed by 30 minutes because of a shortage in volunteers but people stepped up and the show went on. Maine has laws concerning who can serve beer at a brewfest and it does not allow for a brewer to serve their own beer which makes the festival volunteers extremely important, unfortunately they are also not allowed to sample the product which makes it really difficult for them to help when asked about the beer. The volunteers at The Festival US did a great job; they were enthusiastic and as helpful as possible and in the end a vital component to this successful brewfest.
Cheers!
Chaddah
Like this: Like Loading...
When pigs fly
The idioms of this page are used to indicate that something is highly unlikely ever to happen, or that it will never happen. This phrase is thought to come from an old Scottish proverb.
An unofficial symbol of the city of Cincinnati, Ohio in the USA is a flying pig, partly a result of Cincinnati's associations with the pig trade during the 19th century.
[top]
Books of idioms, proverbs and sayings in many languages
People who have contributed to this section
If you would like to make any corrections or additions to this page, or if you can provide recordings, please contact me.
It's all Greek to me | It's raining cats and dogs | As easy as falling off a log | A sandwich short of a picnic | It's small world | When pigs fly | Out of sight, out of mind | Crystal-clear
Idioms in individual languages
Czech | French | Greek | Icelandic | Russian | Slovak | Spanish | Swedish | Welsh
Multilingual pages
Phrases | Numbers | Numerals | Colours | Telling the time | Weather words | Family words | Terms of endearment | Language names | Country names | Idioms | Proverbs | Tongue twisters | Signs | UDHR | Tower of Babel | Songs | Omniglot | Seven dwarfs | Zodiac signs | Computer parts | Compass directions
If you need to type in many different languages, the Q International Keyboard can help. If enables you to type almost any language that uses the Latin, Cyrillic or Greek alphabets, and is free.
If you like this site and find it useful, you can support it by making a donation, or by contributing in other ways. Omniglot is how I make my living.
Microsoft is tweaking Windows 10 Creators Update to address all the recent privacy complaints, so the operating system will come with an improved OOBE that includes more options to give users better control over their data when installing the update.
Dutch consumer group Consumentenbond, however, issued a warning for users in the country after discovering what it claims to be a sneaky ad setting that's not visible by default and which could lead to “personalized” ads to be displayed on Windows 10 devices.
Specifically, the organization claims that when setting up Windows 10 Creators Update, users are provided with several options during the process, some of which concern the privacy level in the operating system.
The hidden setting
There's one hidden setting, though, which only shows up when hovering the mouse on the right screen triggering a scroll bar to be enabled. Scrolling down reveals an ad option, which according to Microsoft “lets apps use adverting ID to make ads more interesting to you based on your app usage.” In other words, Windows 10 checks out your installed apps and then displays ads based on the collected data.
“Microsoft should let users enable advertising tracking on their PCs,” the Dutch consumer group says. “Allowing users to see an option that's enabled by default is equal to legal consent and is just as valuable as a signature on a contract,” it continues.
Microsoft has already responded to the organization and explained that these claims were made after installing a preview version of the Windows 10 Creators Update, and the company keeps improving privacy settings in the operating system.
Consumentenbond notes that Microsoft has only a few weeks to implement privacy changes and address these concerns given the fact that the Creators Update is just around the corner, and emphasizes that the ad setting should be visible by default to make it easy for everyone to disable it without having to scroll.
Counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway is facing widespread criticism after she attempted to justify President Trump's executive order banning people from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. by inventing a terrorist attack that never happened. This is Conway speaking to MSNBC's Chris Matthews.
Kellyanne Conway: “I bet it's brand-new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized, and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. Most people don't know that, because it didn't get covered.”
The Washington Post reports there was no terrorist attack carried out in Bowling Green, Kentucky, by Iraqis or anyone else. There were two Iraqi men living in Bowling Green who were arrested in 2011 on charges of having attempted to send money and weapons to al-Qaeda in Iraq. The Washington Post also reports the Obama administration never imposed a ban on Iraqi resettlement, contrary to Conway's claims. The Obama administration did implement a more extensive screening procedure for Iraqi refugees after the 2011 arrests.
The German automaker Daimler has announced that it will offer all of its Mercedes-Benz electric vans with electric drive, starting with its mid-sized eVito, which will ship to customers in the second half of next year.
The move comes shortly after Deutsche Post DHL, which has been a big customer of Daimler's delivery vehicles, deepened its partnership with Ford on the development of its own electric vans.
Daimler revealed plans earlier this year to build 1,500 electric vans for DHL competitor Hermes, and now it's pushing hard on the electric front more generally.
Volker Mornhinweg, head of Daimler's Mercedes-Benz Vans unit, said in a Monday statement that the electrification of the range would start with the €40,000 ($47,000) eVito before taking in new versions of the Sprinter and Citan lines. That means everything in the range, from people-moving to goods transport, will be running on electricity.
“We are convinced by the necessity of electric drive in our vans, especially in city centre applications,” Mornhinweg said.
Daimler said the “co-creation” model, as exemplified in its deal with Hermes, would play a “central role” in product development. It also pointed out that the “integration of a robust charging infrastructure” was crucial if fleet electrification was to make financial sense to customers.
Arsenal set to land £22m Higuain THIS WEEK… and they want Spanish U21 £10m ace Illarramendi too
Arsenal hope to end their nine-year wait to sign Gonzalo Higuain this week by making a club record £22million offer for the striker.
Sportsmail understands the Argentina international has privately agreed to make the switch to the Emirates Stadium this summer.
And the Gunners - who are also confident of keeping Bacary Sagna and Laurent Koscielny ahead of next season - will this week formalise their interest in the Real Madrid star, who has been told he is free to leave the Bernebeu.
On target: Real Madrid striker Gonzalo Higuain could become Arsenal's record signing in a £22m deal
Watchful eyes: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has been reluctant to splash out hefty fees for players in the past
Talks between Arsenal officials and Higuain's representatives have progressed well and it seems all that is left is for the two clubs to agree a price.
In addition to smashing their transfer current transfer record, the £15million paid to Zenit St Petersburg for Andrey Arshavin, Arsenal are willing to make Higuain their top earner on around £150,000-per-week.
The Gunners have kept close tabs on the 25-year-old forward ever since his breakthrough into River Plate's first-team in 2004.
Flop: The disappointing £15m capture of Andrey Arshavin is Arsenal's current record transfer fee
Arsenal explored the possibility of signing the French-born Argentinian in 2006, but Real Madrid beat them to the punch.
But Wenger's long wait to work with Higuain now looks set to end this summer.
Arsenal maintains a strong interest in Wayne Rooney and Stevan Jovetic, but the Higuain deal is viewed as the most realistic.
Young Gun? Arsenal are also lining up a move for Spanish U21 star Asier Illarramendi (centre)
Meanwhile, The Gunners are leading the chase for Spain Under 21 international Asier Illarramendi.
The £10million-rated Real Sociedad defensive midfielder has been outstanding all season and has attracted attention from Real Madrid.
BEIRUTIn what may be a first for the Syrian civil war, numerous reports claim Hezbollah suffered heavy losses aggressively fighting alongside the Assad regime's forces in a major battle outside of their home country of Lebanon.
It is no secret the Lebanese militant group -- labeled terrorists by many in the West -- has been a strong backer of President Bashar Assad, along with Iran. They have allegedly provided at least tacit support for some time in the two-year-old conflict. Now, however, it appears several, and as many as 30, have died as the result of active combat against Syrian rebels forces.
Signs of "accommodation for Assad" in Syria?
Desperate measures: Syrian refugees sell daughters into marriage
The fight is in the town of Qusair, near the Lebanese border, and both sides consider the once-rebel-held town a key to controlling the conflict at large. One activist group said at least 23 elite Hezbollah fighters have died so far in the battle, while other put the number of those killed above 30 with 100 wounded, according to the Jerusalem Post.
So far, rebels appear to be losing their grip on the town. Syrian government forces pushed deeper into Qusair on Monday, battling rebels in fierce street fighting, state-media reported.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which tracks Syria's civil war, also said that more than 100 Hezbollah members also have been wounded in the fighting. If confirmed, the casualties would be a significant blow to the Shiite group, which has come under harsh criticism at home in Lebanon for its involvement in the war next door.
A staunch ally of Syrian President Bashar Assad, Hezbollah is heavily invested in the survival of the Damascus regime and is known to have previously sent fighters to aid government forces. The Lebanese group's growing role in the conflict also points to the deeply sectarian nature of the war in Syria, in which a rebellion driven by the country's Sunni majority seeks to overthrow a regime dominated by the president's Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
The Observatory, which relies on a wide network of activists in the ground in Syria, cited "sources close to the militant group" for the death toll but declined to reveal their identity. It said at least 50 Syrian rebels were also killed in the battle for Qusair on Sunday, including two commanders.
Qusair has been the target of a withering government offensive in recent weeks, and the countryside around the town has been engulfed in fighting as regime troops backed by Hezbollah fighters seized villages as they closed in on Qusair itself. The opposition estimates that some 40,000 civilians are currently in the town.
The intensity of the fighting reflects the importance that both sides attach to the area. In the regime's calculations, Qusair lies along a strategic land corridor linking Damascus with the Mediterranean coast, the Alawite heartland. For the rebels, overwhelmingly Sunni Qusair has served as a conduit for shipments of weapons and supplies smuggled from Lebanon to opposition fighters inside Syria.
Regime troops and Hezbollah fighters, who laid siege to Qusair weeks ago, launched an offensive to regain control of the town, with Hezbollah's elite fighters advancing from the east and south, an opposition figure said.
He added that Hezbollah troops took control of the main square and the municipal building in the center of the town in a few hours. By the end of the day Sunday, they pushed out rebel units, including the al Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra, from most of Qusair, he added Monday on condition of anonymity, for fear of retaliation by both sides.
He said fighting was focused in the northern part of the town on Monday.
The account matched that of Syria's state news media, which said President Bashar Assad's troops took control of most of Qusair on Monday. State-run TV said forces restored stability to the entire eastern front of the town, killing scores of terrorists there.
An official in the Homs governor's office told the AP on Monday that more than 60 percent of the city is in government hands after scores of gunmen were killed or surrendered Sunday. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not allowed to give information to the media during an ongoing military operation, more than 1,500 resident fled the city due to intensified fighting.
Qusair-based opposition activist Hadi Abdullah denied official reports that the army was advancing in the town, saying they were still trying to storm it.
"They go in and out, until now I can say with confidence that they have not been able to enter the town and stay there," Abdullah said.
Hezbollah members have made use of their expertise in guerrilla tactics to significantly boost regime forces in the fight for Qusair. Their presence, along with that of Hezbollah-backed Shiite fighters, is meant to shore up overstretched troops fighting on several other fronts.
With Republicans howling about partisanship, President Obama might have bought himself some wiggle room with Democrats to make a deal with the GOP.
The president's aggressive and at times mocking tone during Wednesday's press conference was met, predictably, with jeers from Republicans and cheers from Democrats, who have been pleading with Obama to fight harder for party principles.
Democratic strategists suggest there's a method behind Obama's tough talk, which left outraged Senate Republicans blocking the chamber's business and left talks over raising the nation's $14.3 trillion debt ceiling mired in partisan squabbling.
ADVERTISEMENT
By comparing Republicans to his children and challenging them to “get it done,” Obama might have mollified Democrats to the point that he can negotiate more with Republicans on taxes, these political strategists say.
“If the president is in a veritable fight with the Republicans, the left will give him a lot more room to make a deal,” said one Democrat. “To be sure, the left likes this President Obama a lot more than the post-partisan brand.”
Others, however, say Democrats have been down this road with Obama too many times before — tough talk preceding a disappointing compromise — and fiery rhetoric won't cut it this time.
“I think the problem is that Obama's words have lost much of their credibility,” said Lara Brown, a political science professor at Villanova University. “He has talked many times about issues near and dear to progressives' hearts, but he has rarely delivered on his pledges.”
Obama's press conference on Wednesday was meant to send a signal to Democrats that he is with them on the issue of taxes. The president mentioned a tax break for corporate jets six times, and said it was hardly a radical position to argue it should be eliminated to close the deficit.
Senate Democrats sough to unify behind the president after the fiery performance, first through a White House meeting with Democratic leaders, and then by inviting the president to meet with the Senate Democratic Conference next week. Senate Democrats also canceled a planned recess next week.
Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons said it was invigorating for many Democrats to hear the president forcefully explain his opposition to the Republicans' proposals.
“The Republican plan does not include shared sacrifice, and most Democrats want to be sure everyone participates in solving the deficit crisis,” Simmons said. “So they are pleased the president reinforced that yesterday.”
But the “bravo” on Wednesday from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) came after exasperation last weekend when Pelosi demanded that House Democrats have a seat at the negotiating table to protect Democratic interests.
Pelosi was stung earlier this year when she was on the sidelines of a deal over 2011 spending between Obama, Senate Democrats and House Republicans.
And a number of Democrats said that congressional Democrats are “still nervous” that Obama will cave to the Republicans, as they perceived him doing on healthcare and last year's lame-duck tax deal.
ADVERTISEMENT
Reinforcing that point, one Democrat said, “If they don't get taxes in this deal, then there won't be taxes on the table for the next two years and you don't solve the problem and you piss off all your allies.”
White House officials concede that negotiating room from the left might be an unintended consequence of the president's fighting stance, but say the primary goal was to put public pressure on Republicans that could humble them at the negotiating table.
If Republicans were feeling the pressure, though, they didn't show it.
“The president is sorely mistaken if he believes a bill to raise the debt ceiling and raise taxes would pass the House,” House Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) said Wednesday. “The votes simply aren't there — and they aren't going to be there, because the American people know tax hikes destroy jobs. They also know Washington has been on a spending binge for many years, and they will only tolerate a debt-limit increase if we stop it.”
The most recent designs released by PKSB Architects for the planned redevelopment of the Burlington Town Center mall in downtown. (Photo: COURTESY)
The mall is dead, long live the mall.
The latest refinement of a proposed $200 million makeover of Burlington Town Center includes eliminating the mall altogether, the architects responsible for the design said Wednesday.
"Yes the mall is gone, this is street retail, pedestrian-focused," said Sherida Paulsen of New York-based PKSB Architects. "It's not a mall."
Jim Vitanos, owner of Jim's Sports on the upper level of the mall, said Thursday he had not been told the mall would no longer be a traditional mall.
"I'm not totally surprised by that," Vitanos said. "It's what we all expected. No indoor corridor caught me by surprise, but I can't say it was hidden from me."
Vitanos said he supports redeveloping the mall, even if he's uncertain he'll be part of that redevelopment. He has been in business for 25 years and in the mall for 10 years.
"Overall we need to do something here," he said. "I'd like to see local people involved in the construction and architecture. I'd like to be part of the long-term plan, but even if I'm not I'm still for it, as long as the long-term interests of the community are looked after."
Entrances to the retail, office and residential spaces in the building will be along Church, Bank and Cherry streets, as well as newly restored St. Paul and Pine streets. Retail stores could have multiple floors with street-level entrances, much as Outdoor Gear Exchange or The Gap on Church Street currently have.
Most important, Paulsen said, the new design will make Bank and Cherry streets more attractive, inviting pedestrians to make their way to the waterfront.
"If you're on Church Street looking at Cherry Street you're not looking at a bus stop and blank walls," Paulsen said. "You'll see a tree-lined street with beautiful benches and lights, display windows and entrances. It's a real streetscape."
Paulsen said she and fellow architect William Fellows always wanted to turn the mall inside out, eliminating its bomb-shelter-like corridors, but retained the structure as a mall in previous designs. Under the proposed zoning amendments Burlington residents will vote on Nov. 8, the city's desire to reconnect Cherry and Bank streets with fully functioning Pine and St. Paul streets sealed the fate of the mall, according to Fellows.
"When the city said it wanted streets as a real right-of-way that started the process of just eliminating the interior mall for that reason," Fellows said.
An earlier design released by PKSB Architects for the planned redevelopment of the Burlington Town Center mall in downtown. (Photo: COURTESY)
Previously, Paulsen and Fellows had designed Pine Street as a pedestrian-only corridor through the mall, which they described as an arcade. In the new design Pine Street will have a 60-foot right of way like St. Paul, with sidewalks designed to new standards.
"It's for cars and trucks, for bicycles, it has all of the streetscape, it's a street," Paulsen said of Pine Street.
The new design also includes a great deal of "slimming and lightening," Paulsen said, with 16 percent of the total footprint reaching the 160-foot height allowed under the proposed zoning, as compared to 30 to 40 percent in previous designs.
"Most of the block is below 100 feet, it's more open and lighter," Fellows said.
The new design also eliminates a small "boutique" office tower on the Church Street side of the property that many residents objected to in public forums.
"We preserved the Church Street facade and maintained that roof going back," Paulsen said.
The Church Street facade will be upgraded and expanded, Paulsen added, and will incorporate design elements that tie it into the surrounding buildings.
The most recent designs released by PKSB Architects for the planned redevelopment of the Burlington Town Center mall in downtown. (Photo: COURTESY)
'A full and equal resident'
While the new design for the property includes significantly less retail space — about 160,000 square feet compared to 280,000 square feet previously — it retains the originally planned 274 apartments, 20 percent, or 55 of which, will be for lower income residents.
Paulsen said the low-income housing will be "sprinkled" throughout the building.
"This means that if you live in an inclusionary unit, you enter through the same lobby as market rate apartment owners and have access to all amenities," Paulsen said. "You're a full and equal resident."
The new design retains the option for housing Champlain College students and more than 100,000 square feet of office space for the University of Vermont Medical Center, which has already signed a letter of intent to occupy the space.
The most recent designs released by PKSB Architects for the planned redevelopment of the Burlington Town Center mall in downtown. (Photo: COURTESY)
In order to maintain the same number of apartments while also slimming down the design's towers, Paulsen said some apartments have been moved to the second and third floors, acting as "liners" around the parking garage.
"The parking garage is behind those units," she said. "You don't see parking exposed on Cherry or Bank streets. It will still be partially exposed on the new St. Paul and Pine streets."
Paulsen is also excited about bringing more brick into the design of the building, linking the upper floors to the base of the building, and introducing an architectural "vocabulary" of post Civil War architecture and later 20th century industrial buildings.
"It all hangs together I think very well," Paulsen said.
Paulsen and Fellows said they have also pushed the tallest components of the design back as far as possible from the streets.
"When you're walking along the building you're not really looking at the building above," Paulsen said.
Plans call for the glass in the storefronts to go all the way down to the sidewalk, with light awnings and canopies and signage that are appropriate to the building, according to Paulsen.
"These elements don't overwhelm you," Paulsen said. "We also observe Burlington's skylighting requirements, using brick to break up massing. We think it's much more compatible and it's modestly scaled, in my opinion, to everything else."
For the exterior portions of the building that aren't brick, Paulsen and Fellows are considering a panelized system that incorporates precast concrete treated to look like limestone, depending on construction costs. That approach will make it easier to meet the LEED Gold Green Building requirement written into the proposed zoning amendments.
"Going with a paneled system makes the wall much more airtight," Paulsen said.
Nearing the finish line
Mall owner Don Sinex said he's hopeful voters will approve the zoning changes, and up to $21.8 million of tax increment financing (TIF) to rebuild the new streets through the mall, as well as pay for new sidewalks, street trees, lighting, curbs and other public improvements.
A brochure mailed to Burlington residents on behalf of Mayor Miro Weinberger explains the TIF funds will not be used to subsidize the private development, and that the new infrastructure will be paid for by the new, incremental future taxes generated by the redeveloped Burlington Town Center — "not by you."
The brochure is paid for by Partnership for Burlington's Future, which describes itself as a campaign committee created by Weinberger to "promote understanding of and advocate for important ballot questions."
When asked what he would do if the ballot measures don't pass, Sinex answered, "Cry."
Sinex pointed out he has spent two and a half years getting to the point of the November vote after paying $25 million for the mall.
Turning more serious, he said, "We are where we are and we want to get this thing across the finish line. If it doesn't make it, as owner of a decaying and declining and bad shopping center, I've got to do something with it. I would prefer to sell it and walk away, but I may not be able to sell it, because you have to ask yourself what fool would buy it. And I don't know if there's a fool out there."
If he can't sell it, Sinex said he would have to "return to the drawing board" and design something that works under the existing zoning.
"I assure you it won't include public benefits, it won't include public streets — maybe no housing — but cannot include the same amount of housing," he said. "You're going to be more dependent on retail. Maybe we can save the office deal, maybe we can't. It will be completely different and probably devoid of public benefits."
This story appeared online on Oct. 21, 2016. Contact Dan D'Ambrosio at 660-1841 or ddambrosio@freepressmedia.com. Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/DanDambrosioVT.
Do you have a breaking news tip? Call us at 802-660-6500 or send us a post on Facebook or Twitter using ‪#‎BFPTips.
Read or Share this story: http://bfpne.ws/2ez1EUY
What Thomas teaches us about the tension between doubt and faith
How do we deal with doubt in our life story? Is it okay to have doubts when it comes to our relationship with God? Is it okay to ask questions?
Or, do we simply have to accept everything on faith?
Doubt is a part of my journey of faith. Seeking the answers to the places were I have questions has helped me to grow in my faith. And even when I can't find the “answers” I know that God is in that tension between doubt and faith.
That's why I wrote this. I share this for all who have doubts and questions.
I am Thomas.
Which person in the Bible do you feel best represents you and your journey? At times, I've gone with Peter (misguided, betrays Jesus and is restored to something bigger) or even Saul/Paul (Life changed by an experience with Jesus and then goes from trying to destroy the Church to trying to expand it).
I recently heard a sermon that made me think about this. I now know who represents me in some of the seasons of my life.
I am Thomas.
If you have been around church in your life or just know the story, you might attach a description in front of the name of Thomas. We call him “Doubting Thomas” because of what happens in his encounter with Jesus. Maybe it's an accurate description. Maybe we mislabel him. For some reason, I have started to connect with Thomas.
It's strange because Thomas is not one of the major players of Jesus' group of the closest followers and disciples.
So, let me sum up Thomas, based on the Gospel accounts:
His invitation to follow Jesus is largely unknown . His name appears in a list of Jesus' disciples in Matthew, Mark, Luke and Acts. There are no other mentions of Thomas in those books. There's no explanation of how Thomas ended up on Jesus' select team of disciples.
. His name appears in a list of Jesus' disciples in Matthew, Mark, Luke and Acts. There are no other mentions of Thomas in those books. There's no explanation of how Thomas ended up on Jesus' select team of disciples. He receives the most coverage in the Gospel of John. In John 14, Jesus is explaining the path he is on to his disciples and Thomas says to Jesus that they don't know the place that he is going. Jesus' response is to say, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.” (John 14:6, CEB)
And that's it. We really don't know very much about Thomas, his ministry, his experiences or even his relationship with Jesus. Thomas is largely in the background, watching and learning from Jesus.
What most people know about Thomas comes from his encounter with Jesus after the resurrection.
So, to help understand why I would say, “I am Thomas,” I'm going to tell you the account that appears in John 20.
It begins with “Absent Thomas.” On the first day of the week (Sunday), the remaining disciples of Jesus are locked in a room. They are afraid they will also be arrested and possibly crucified. It's probably a meeting where they are venting their frustrations. They thought Jesus was different. They gave up everything to follow and now this.
Two people are absent from the group: Judas, who took his own life after betraying Jesus, and Thomas, who, for some reason, is not with the other disciples.
While Thomas is absent, Jesus appears in the locked room. Jesus speaks to those disciples, gives them a mission and blesses them. When we see something unbelievable, we share it with others and Thomas hears about it from the disciples who experienced it. But, Thomas knows what he knows — Jesus was beaten and crucified, there was a body. He tells the other disciples he simply can't believe it until he sees it for himself.
The next week, all of the disciples, including Thomas, are back together in the locked room. And, Jesus makes another appearance and this time it seems to be for Thomas.
Jesus invites Thomas to touch his wounds and he challenges Thomas to put his disbelief aside and to believe and to know that he (Jesus) is risen. Scripture does not record Thomas actually touching the wounds of Jesus. However, it does say that Thomas declared Jesus to be “his Lord and his God.”(John 20:28)
Then Jesus ends the conversation with a statement that I think is intended for all of us who read this passage later. He says blessed are those who believe without seeing.
So how do we reconcile Thomas' journey and encounter with Jesus and our own faith journeys? Here are some things we might draw on from this encounter:
“Absent” Thomas leads to “Doubting” Thomas . Thomas missed the church service and had a hard time believing what the others experienced there. That still holds true today. It's hard to really experience the power of God when you aren't doing anything to arrange the meeting. You show up once a month for worship and you don't understand why you aren't experiencing it the same way as people who are there every week. Absence leads to doubt.
. Thomas missed the church service and had a hard time believing what the others experienced there. That still holds true today. It's hard to really experience the power of God when you aren't doing anything to arrange the meeting. You show up once a month for worship and you don't understand why you aren't experiencing it the same way as people who are there every week. Absence leads to doubt. Thomas wanted the same experience as the other disciples . Maybe, you've been there too. You listen to someone give their testimony and you listen to their amazing encounter with Jesus and, maybe, you get a little jealous because you want the same thing too. Honestly, don't we like, at least on some level, to compare ourselves to others in this area? Not every life journey heads to Damascus and meets Jesus in a blinding light on the way there. Yet, every faith journey will encounter Jesus in its own way.
. Maybe, you've been there too. You listen to someone give their testimony and you listen to their amazing encounter with Jesus and, maybe, you get a little jealous because you want the same thing too. Honestly, don't we like, at least on some level, to compare ourselves to others in this area? Not every life journey heads to Damascus and meets Jesus in a blinding light on the way there. Yet, every faith journey will encounter Jesus in its own way. Jesus meets Thomas where he is . Jesus' next appearance is about Thomas — not the other disciples. Jesus meets Thomas in the place Thomas finds himself. Thomas needs the facts, he needs the proof and the experience. Jesus meets him with those things. Maybe that really says something about how Jesus meets us. We expect the mountaintop and Jesus is willing to come down to us in the valley. Jesus loves you as you are, where you are.
. Jesus' next appearance is about Thomas — not the other disciples. Jesus meets Thomas in the place Thomas finds himself. Thomas needs the facts, he needs the proof and the experience. Jesus meets him with those things. Maybe that really says something about how Jesus meets us. We expect the mountaintop and Jesus is willing to come down to us in the valley. Jesus loves you as you are, where you are. Jesus speaks to Thomas. Jesus says this, “Do you believe because you see me? Happy are those who don't see and yet believe.” I'm thinking that is more of a statement for us. The other disciples saw Jesus too. So, it's not like they were believing without seeing. I'm trying to read that as a statement for all who have believed in Christ since that moment without actually seeing Jesus standing in front of them. Jesus still speaks to us.
You may have some other thoughts on this and there are many. In fact, there are countless sermons and commentaries on this passage. But, I want to move out from that to really make this statement: I am Thomas.
Doubt is standing with one foot in two directions and having great anxiety, fear or even questions about moving one foot to the other side and fully committing.
The reason I say that revolves around the issue of doubt. Doubt is a word that we use without really defining it, especially in terms of being a disciple of Christ. So, let's work to define “doubt.”
A typical dictionary definition of doubt is to be uncertain, to have questions, to consider something unlikely.
In a larger sense, that definition points to the thought of having apprehension, fear, questions, or anxiety about something or someone.
For a more theological definition, I turned to Vine's Expository Dictionary. Doubt is described as “standing in two ways” and having uncertainty about which way to go.
Take those images of doubt and combine them and, maybe, it sounds something along these lines: Doubt is straddling the fence. It is standing with one foot in two directions and having great anxiety, fear or even questions about moving one foot to the other side and fully committing. Doubt leads us to second-guessing decisions, to anxiety about the future and to worrying about whether or not we made the right choice. One of the questions attached to doubt is, “Is this worth it?” Is it worth giving up what I have known to experience something I do not understand.
Doubt is a part of every disciple's story. For some, the doubts are small enough to simply step over and move on. From time to time, I'm sure those doubts become the little questions at the back of the mind but, in some ways, they are able to move past them.
For others, the doubts can be tougher to climb, tougher to jump other, tougher to navigate through.
In this case, I am Thomas.
For most of my adult life, I have lived with active depression and anxiety (Click here to read more about my journey). It has impacted every area of my life. It has affected relationships and friendships. It has affected my ability to relate to others and to be a part of what is happening around. In my depression and anxiety, I perpetually find myself in the place where one foot in the past, one foot is in the future and I'm straddling the fence. In my doubt, I often ask the question, “Is this worth it?” Sometimes, the doubt is a result of attempting to pull a burden from the past into the future. My doubt has, at times, maybe many times, led me to be indecisive and it has led me to great worries. And, my doubt has magnified my depression and my depression has magnified my doubt.
That doubt has even led me to have questions, so many questions, about God and for God.
So, I am Thomas.
And that's exactly why I find myself drawn to his story. Sometimes, it's hard to ‘un-see” the ugliness that you have experienced. It's hard to “un-see” the pain and the hurt. It's difficult to “un-see” the harm that you have done, experienced and received in the face of depression, anxiety and doubt. Sometimes, it seems nearly impossible to see God in light of the darkness you have experienced.
Yet, here comes Thomas. He has seen the ugly of the world (the torture and crucifixion of Christ), he is struggling with his own questions of “Was it worth it to give up everything to follow Christ?” He's experienced the shock, the loss, the grief and the mourning for Jesus — his teacher and his friend. Thomas is sitting on the fence between the past of what he has known and the future rooted in the reality of resurrection.
And, I am Thomas.
And that's why I find hope, light and love in the way that Jesus responds. He does not chastise Thomas or chew him out over his “doubt.” Jesus, lovingly, extends to Thomas what he needs to make a decision, to get off the fence and to commit. That's the way, Jesus continues to respond to me (and to you).
The other name of Thomas in scripture is “Didymus” and that means “twin.” If I am completely honest, maybe Thomas is my “twin” when it comes to his doubts, his questions and his fears.
I am Thomas. And, maybe, to some degree, all of us are Thomas.
Scripture doesn't record this, but Church history says that the encounter Thomas has with Jesus helps him to get off the fence. According to history, Thomas goes on to help to establish the Christian church in India and other locations. Ultimately, Thomas died in service to Christ.
Sometimes, it seems, that in church life, we downplay, even place a stigma, upon those who express doubts. Yet, I would guess that on many Sundays, in many church worship services, there are people there who are absolutely struggling with doubt (including the pastors). There are doubts over what is happening in life, to others, in the world, even in the church. There are doubts over God, Jesus. There are doubts that led us to ask, “Is this really worth it?”
Jesus' goal for Thomas — and for us — is to help us move from doubt to belief. When we acknowledge them and bring them to light, our doubts can actually become the fuel to help us grow in faith. When we step over our questions, fears, apprehension and anxiety, we have a chance to grow to love Christ even more.
I am Thomas. I still have moments of doubt and anxiety. I still want to experience what others have experienced. I still want to be a part of the Kingdom and the mission. I still want to love and to be loved by Christ. But in all cases, I'm battling doubts.
So, in Thomas, I find hope.
One of my favorite verses in Scripture comes in Matthew 28. I think it is a message to all of those in the world who find themselves feeling like Thomas. This verse comes just before Jesus gives his disciples the “Great Commission,” their mission for the Kingdom of God.
Matthew 28:17 reads, “When they saw him (Jesus), they worshiped him, but some doubted.” “They” refers to the eleven disciples (the original twelve minus Judas). Those eleven worshiped Jesus and, yet, some of those who saw Jesus still doubted. Some were still sitting on the fence with one foot in the past and one foot in the Kingdom.
Despite those doubts, Jesus gave them all a mission to go into the world and to make the world look more like the Kingdom of God.
I am Thomas. Maybe, you are Thomas.
So on this day, all of us who see ourselves as Thomas can know that we are loved, that Jesus meets us where we are and that Jesus still invites us to be a part of a mission to transform this world.
Maybe that is just what I needed.
I am Thomas.
ReigniteMyStory.com is dedicated to living a better story with our lives. We reignite our lives when we reset them, renew them and redeem them. Reach us by email at reignitemystory@gmail.com or follow us on Twitter at @reignitemystory.
Advertisements
In a healthy state, analog tape is pale brown, the color of the magnetic audio recording contained therein. In 2001, William Basinski, looking to digitize a collection of older tape loops he'd made out of easy listening music, found that the tape began to flake a bit as it played, like paint peeling. Playing the loops repeatedly, they began to lose their composition as the tape disintegrated. What starts as a snippet of a forlorn brass instrument eventually degraded into a pale imitation, as though he'd produced a composition and then, immediately after, performed its faded memory.
The Disintegration Loops is immensely long (the first of its four parts is over an hour), but it is made up of repeated snippets sometimes as short as five or 10 seconds. Over the course of that mammoth running time, you hear the piece fall apart, literally. “I'm recording the life and death of a melody,” Basinski said in a 2011 Radiolab interview. “It just made me think of human beings, you know, and how we die.” The mysteries of life and death are perhaps too big a question to be answered by tape drone, and Basinski doesn't attempt to. His piece is beautiful and sad, temporal and infinite; its changes are imperceptible, yet ever-present. It sounds like wind, like a ship's horn heard in the distance when lost at sea, on track to either rescuing you or passing you by.
Basinski made the accidental discovery of the tapes' disintegration in 2001, shortly before the attacks on the World Trade Center. From his home in Brooklyn on September 11th, he made a short film of the light just before the evening's end. When Disintegration Loops was released, a still from that film made up its cover. The music has since been entwined with the loss of that day, and rightfully so, but it represents forward momentum, too. Hearing the sound slowly degrade, it's clear it will eventually disappear entirely. But until then, it keeps going, trying its best to play before reaching the end. –Matthew Schnipper
Release Year: 2002
Listen: William Basinski, “D|p 1.2”
Decarb is a function of time, temp, and atmosphere. The process fully activates the THC in your cannabis to a much higher potency than traditional methods of consumption (i.e. smoking).
However, it isn't as simple as sticking bud into an oven, toaster, crockpot, or even lighting it on fire. Fully activating without destroying valuable cannabinoids is a scientific and precise process.
Done correctly, you get more out of cannabis and have infinite ways to use it. This is exactly why we developed a decarboxylator that encapsulates all of the science and transforms a complicated process to one that is easy, discreet, and reliable.
We realized pretty quickly though, that many years of misinformation still left a lot of patients confused about decarboxylation and the right way to approach cannabis in general.
So we've compiled answers to some of the top questions we've encountered, to shed some light on these processes in order to make those parts simple too.
Myth 1: Fresh and cured bud needs to be treated differently when it comes to decarboxylation.
This myth takes a few different forms. Most commonly it comes as “fresh and cured bud decarb at different rates” or “fresh bud won't decarb – you have to remove the moisture” and sometimes it's really crazy like, “curing the bud decarbs it so why do I need to do anything after that?”
All of these are myths.
Fresh bud can be decarbed easily in the right conditions, in fact, it's a good way to preserve more terpenes in the final product (think about the smell of fresh vs. dried flowers).
Decarbing fresh bud takes no less or more time to decarb as cured bud in a controlled setting. And (most importantly!) properly cured bud has not been decarboxylated as a function of the drying and curing process.
In these examples above of dried and cured cannabis flower, notice that proper curing never leads to significant decarb.
No more than 1% THC observed, average range of 0-6% of total available THC decarboxylated.
Only when cannabis has been improperly stored and exposed to excessive light and heat is it slightly more decarb and/or degradation, and even in those extreme circumstances the decarb is nowhere near complete.
Fact: All bud, fresh and cured, needs to be decarbed in order to be active and bioavailable. Decarbing fresh and well-cured bud involves the same process.
Myth 2: It's impossible to get more than 70% Decarb before you start to destroy THC.
This myth comes from one of the most widely promoted and most inaccurate decarb fables and it stems from this often referenced yet largely inapplicable graph.
For many years the inhabitants of the internet have treated this graph as gospel. A quick review readily shows why it's not a reliable source.
First, it's the decarb of a hexane extract in an open container on a hot plate. And yes, with this material in these circumstances you can't get full Decarb without destroying THC.
Fact: We can do better than relying on an inapplicable graph from the early 90's. And we know it's possible toget full Decarb without degradation. Read on.
Myth 3: It's easy to decarboxylate just using what's in your kitchen.
It's hard out there for patients. When they want to start using cannabis they encounter wildly different opinions on the best way to decarb and long and detailed instructions on how to get it right.
Any of these sound familiar?
Crockpot for 3 hours. Wait, or is it crockpot for 12 hours?
Tied down pressure cooker
Monitoring ovens with laser thermometers
Really how can a patient not be overwhelmed? In the end, not one of these methods allows patients to reliably get the most of their cannabis, and it's important to understand why.
Crock Pot AKA Water Bath Method
One of the most popular methods, the idea behind using the crock pot/water bath method is that water boils at a constant temperature (212F) and provides better control than the fluctuations of the oven. Unfortunately, the temperature of boiling water will never be hot enough to achieve an efficient and full decarb.
Decarb at this temp progresses slowly, and because decarboxylation is not a linear process (meaning that converting the tail end of the THCA takes longer) we begin to see degradation due to the excessive time exposed to heat.
Oven Decarb
Ovens aren't designed for lab grade precision heating, and within an oven cavity temperatures fluctuate an average of 10 degrees in either direction.
For a process as sensitive as decarboxylation, these variations lead to either burning off cannabinoids or failing to fully activate. In either case it's a waste of valuable money and medicine.
Toaster Oven Decarb
Similar to the oven, the toaster oven's lack of tight temperature control coupled with the operation and location of heating elements can easily damage bud or under-decarb, making it impossible to get reliable results.
Nova Decarb
Equipped with advanced logic, dual sensor technology and a hi-tech thermal blanket, Nova uses precision heating cycles to achieve full decarb without loss.
Fact: Kitchen appliances aren't equipped to create the conditions needed for full, reliable decarb, so we developed a device that is.
Myth 4: Concentrate decarboxylation is different than flower decarb OR you can only decarb concentrate by watching CO2 bubbles evaporate.
Concentrates that have been prepared professionally, extracted and purged under the right conditions have not been decarboxylated and need to be activated before being ingested or used topically. The time and temperature parameters for the best flower decarb also apply to concentrates. As seen below BHO extracts can become slightly more concentrated during decarb, likely from evaporation of residual solvents and moisture.
Like with properly cured and stored cannabis flower, properly prepared and purged concentrates have undergone little or no decarboxylation, less than 5% of total THC decarbed.
Fact: Decarbing concentrate involves the same science as decarbing flower.
Myth 5: It's necessary to grind cannabis before decarboxylating.
We actually suggest that you don't. This myth arose as an attempt to provide more even heating and combat temperature fluctuations when using the oven for decarboxylation. With precision decarb, there's need to disturb the trichomes by grinding. The Nova's thermal blanket permeates the buds evenly, and intact buds provide more options for use post decarb and increases the longevity of the material. All Nova tests feature non ground material.
Fact: There's no need to grind cannabis before precision decarb, and leaving the trichomes intact can increase shelf life.
Myth 6: Fats and alcohols are required to prepare cannabis.
There is no doubt alcohol and fats can be helpful for preparing and administering cannabis in certain circumstances, and we'll get to that. But to start, there's an overemphasis on the role of alcohol or fat extraction that leads to patients unnecessarily spending hours, days, and even weeks preparing their medicine. It's easy to understand the origins of this myth, because it is based in science but often misapplied.
It's true that cannabis is fat and alcohol soluble but not water soluble, meaning that THC won't seamlessly bind and mix with water based substance the way it will with a fat and an oil.
Somehow this fact has been twisted into an insistence that patients need to extract into butters and oils or use an alcohol-based solvent. Unfortunately for patients, these processes are complicated, time-consuming, and in the end, inaccurate. It is much easier for patients to activate flower or kief and use it directly.
It's possible to bypass all the hassle and prevent waste, all while getting the full benefits of a whole plant therapy.
Direct activation and infusion gives so many more options on how cannabis can be used, and allows patients to quickly create accurate topicals, sublinguals, and edibles. The instant substitute for hours of extraction: take the dose of decarbed flower or kief and mix it with 1/2tb of good fat like coconut oil and administer. Substitute butter if you prefer.
The purpose of the fat, when mixed with the active cannabinoids, is to help with absorption during digestion or application, which is a perfectly useful way to incorporate fats when dosing with cannabis.
What patients quickly realize is that with precise decarb, so little flower or kief is needed that direct infusion is like sprinkling pepper on an entrée or adding vitamin powder to a smoothie. For patients who want a butter or oil to use for canna culinary purposes, a quick extraction after decarb is all it takes for maximum ease and potency.
Fact: Fats and alcohol aren't needed in order to decarb or administer cannabis, but they can be useful to pair with activated cannabis to aid in digestion and absorption.
Summary and Conclusion
Shanel Lindsay is founder of Ardent Cannabis and creator of the Nova decarboxylator, edible caps, and sublingual wraps. She is certain that with increased education, research, and reliable clinical data, patients and doctors—even those who have not previously considered cannabis as an option—will discover it is a legitimate, viable, and safe treatment.
A special thanks to our testing provider, MCR Labs, who performed the HPLC testing outlined in this guide at their ISO accredited cannabis testing facility in Framingham, MA.
Story highlights Hillary Clinton's campaign is winnowing its advertising targets for the fall
Colorado and Virginia are looking safer for the Democratic ticket
Los Angeles (CNN) Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will make their final ad reservations for the fall this week, according to an aide, reserving -- in total -- $80 millions in ads through Election Day in eight states.
Two states that the Clinton campaign is not planning to air local ads in through September and October: Virginia and Colorado.
With polls showing Clinton up handily over Donald Trump in the two swing states, Clinton's top aides feel -- citing the growth in minority communities and college-educated white voters -- confident enough to pull local ads in the two states.
"Our campaign is going to use every tool in our toolbox from a massive grassroots campaign, state-of-the-art digital outreach and a significant advertising campaign to make sure every voter knows the stakes in this election and the danger Donald Trump represents," said a Clinton aide about the ad reservations.
Read More
The most thorough analysis of oseltamivir (marketed as Tamiflu) data to date, including all available published and unpublished randomised treatment trials of adults, suggests that the antiviral drug shortens the duration of flu symptoms by about a day, compared to placebo, in adults with laboratory-confirmed influenza.
The results, published in The Lancet, also indicate that oseltamivir significantly reduces the risk of influenza complications requiring antibiotics (such as pneumonia) and hospitalisations in adults infected with influenza.
For the first time, the meta-analysis includes individual patient data from all published and unpublished trials (made available by the manufacturer Roche). The study was conducted by an independent research group led by Arnold Monto, Professor of Epidemiology at the University of Michigan School of Public Health, USA, and Stuart Pocock, Professor of Medical Statistics at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, UK.
Monto, Pocock, and colleagues analysed data from nine trials comparing the licensed 75mg dose of oseltamivir with placebo for the treatment of seasonal influenza in 4328 adults between 1997 and 2001.
They found that treating adults with laboratory-confirmed influenza with oseltamivir reduced the duration of symptoms by 21% compared with placebo (from 123 hours to 98 hours). However, no benefit was noted in adults without influenza virus infection.
The analysis confirmed that oseltamivir treatment results in a significantly increased risk of nausea (absolute increase 3.7%) and vomiting (4.7%) compared with placebo. The authors noted no difference between the groups in neurological and psychological disorders in this setting, which have previously been linked with the drug.
Although rates of complications were low, oseltamivir reduced the risk of lower respiratory tract infections requiring antibiotics more than 48 hours after study entry by 44% compared with placebo (4.9% vs 8.7%), and hospital admission for any cause by 63% (0.6% vs 1.7%) in adults with laboratory-confirmed influenza.
According to Monto, "The safety and effectiveness of oseltamivir has been hotly debated, with some researchers claiming there is little evidence that oseltamivir works. Our meta-analysis provides compelling evidence that oseltamivir therapy reduces by one day the typical length of illness in adults infected with influenza and also prevents complications and reduces the number of people needing hospital treatment. Whether the magnitude of these benefits outweigh the harms of nausea and vomiting needs careful consideration."*
Writing in a linked Comment, Heath Kelly from the Australian National University in Canberra and Benjamin Cowling from The University of Hong Kong say, "The rational use of oseltamivir is becoming clear…Because benefits accrue only to patients with laboratory-confirmed influenza, but the risk of adverse events is increased in all patients, rapid diagnostic testing, if available, is advisable before oseltamivir administration in routine clinical practice…In a pandemic or severe epidemic, oseltamivir can be used presumptively when there is a high probability that influenza-like illness is caused by influenza virus infection and when the outcome of infection is likely to be severe, but a proven strategy for rapid distribution needs to accompany any plan that proposes widespread use of oseltamivir."
In a pandemic or severe epidemic, oseltamivir can be used presumptively when there is a high probability that influenza-like illness is caused by influenza virus infection and when the outcome of infection is likely to be severe, but a proven strategy for rapid distribution needs to accompany any plan that proposes widespread use of oseltamivir."
France is considering appointing an official internet ombudsman to regulate complaints about online material in order to prevent excessive censorship and preserve free speech.
A bill establishing a “content qualification assessment procedure” has been tabled in the French senate and the initiative was debated last week at a high level meeting attended by senators and judges as well as policy officers from Google and Twitter.
The aim is to provide a simple procedure that will support firms operating online who are uncertain of their legal liabilities and to prevent over-zealous removal or censorship of material merely because it is the subject of a complaint. It could be copied by other European jurisdictions.
Dan Shefets, a Danish lawyer who works in Paris has developed the proposal with the French senator Nathalie Goulet, said: “The problem which an internet ombudsman addresses applies to all countries in Europe [because] member states have to work with the e-commerce directive.
“According to the directive, internet service providers (ISPs) face both penal and civil liability as soon as they are made aware of allegedly illicit content. One consequence of such liability is that smaller companies take down such content for fear of later sanctions.
“The risk to freedom of speech is real and significant as a consequence not only of the directive, but also of growing pressure on ISPs all over Europe and the world for that matter”.
The idea is that a rapid response from the internet ombudsman, whose office would need to be appropriately staffed, would either order the material to be taken down or allow it to remain. As long as ISPs complied with the rulings, they would not face any fine or punishment.
David Wright, of the UK Safer Internet Centre, said the closest existing model was Australia's e-safety commissioner which provides a complaints service for children experiencing cyber-bullying.
Shefets, who founded the Association for Accountability and Internet Democracy (AAID) in 2014, is also working with Unesco to develop the project particularly to deal with material deemed to be encouraging radicalisation.
He is also planning to present his scheme to the parliamentary assembly of the Council of Europe. Shefets became interested in regulating online complaints after taking a case against Google in 2014 which resulted in the US firm being fined €1,000 a day until an online defamatory article was removed.
He believes an internet ombudsman will help smaller companies that cannot afford large legal departments to assess the risks of material they host online. “It would help them compete against the big players, who already have massive legal departments and access to lawyers without any financial difficulties,” he explained.
“If we don't put in place some sort of mechanism which will protect freedom of speech while at the same time increasing accountability, it will be too easy to justify repressive [legislative] regimes.”
People who have surfed for a number of years will share tales of encounters with seals and porpoises while paddling in the ocean. In those rare instances, you might even find yourself losing out on a wave because a dolphin snaked the ride you were about to catch. It isn't all that uncommon. However, the photos you're about to see will surely surprise even the most experienced of surfers.
In a New Zealand surf location called Sandy Bay, photographer Michael Cunningham was in the ocean body surfing when he noticed a large fin measuring over three feet tall heading towards him and other surfers. “I didn't have anything to sit on and with most of my body under the water, it felt a bit freaky,” said Cunningham.
The fin belonged to an orca whale. While other surfers remained in the water, Cunningham headed back to land. On the way in, Cunningham noticed the orcas were catching waves behind him. “They knew what they were doing and pulled out before getting into trouble,” said Cunningham. “They looked like they'd done it before.” Combining his photographic efforts with Tim Rainger, their camera lenses captured an absolute gem showcasing nature's never-ceasing beauty.
Bloomberg
Amid a more general makeover, the owners of the Empire State Building have spent the last couple of years burnishing the 80-year-old landmark's green bona fides as well — chiefly though a series of efficiency upgrades and other energy retrofits.
On Thursday, the building's caretakers announced another milestone: it has become the largest commercial purchaser of renewable power in the state.
In a two-year deal brokered with Green Mountain Energy, a renewable power and carbon offset retailer recently acquired by NRG Energy of New Jersey, the Empire State Building will purchase 55 million kilowatt-hours worth of renewable energy certificates annually — enough to cover its yearly electricity consumption.
The certificates are sourced through NRG's wind power facilities.
In a statement, Anthony E. Malkin, the president of Malkin Holdings, which supervises the Empire State Building, suggested that the move, along with the building's other greening efforts, “gives us a competitive advantage in attracting the best credit tenants at the best rents.”
To be sure, trumpeting large-scale purchases of renewable energy certificates, or R.E.C.'s, has become increasingly common among businesses and institutions seeking to improve their green reputations.
The Environmental Protection Agency, which “supports the organizational procurement of green power” through its Green Power Partnership Program, is a prime mover along these lines. The program's Green Power Leadership Awards for 2010 recognize a number of businesses and organizations — including the Indianapolis Zoo, which now covers 100 percent of its electricity needs (14 million kilowatt-hours annually) through R.E.C. purchases.
The Intel Corporation, which buys 1.4 billion kilowatt-hours worth of R.E.C.'s — about half of its annual consumption in the United States — has been the national leader since 2008, according to the agency.
Of course, as popular as renewable energy certificates have become, their real-world impact in helping to advance green energy is notoriously difficult to measure — and a subject of much debate.
The E.P.A. provides a fair amount of explanation on just what R.E.C.'s are — essentially nontangible assets representing “the environmental, social, and other nonpower qualities of renewable electricity generation.” One R.E.C. is created for every 1,000 kilowatt-hours of renewable power generated, and the certificates can be sold with, or in some cases separately, from the power.
Ideally, the whole thing would work as Green Mountain Energy elegantly lays out in its “bathtub” analogy: Power from all sources, clean and dirty, is dumped and mixed into the grid, which might be thought of as a tub. Customers draw power from that tub as needed, but they can't really separate the clean wind power, say, from sooty coal-based power.
Still, the company explains that demand for renewable energy — as expressed through voluntary purchases of certificates — will slowly increase the proportion of clean energy going into the tub.
Some skeptics caution that this is only true if the certificates help create new clean-energy facilities, rather than simply provide added profit to existing ones.
Matthew Freedman, a staff lawyer with the Utility Reform Network, a California consumer advocacy organization, suggested that there are two scenarios where R.E.C. sales do make a difference:
(1) The R.E.C.'s are sold under a long-term contract and this long-term contract allows a new renewable generation facility to receive financing and achieve commercial operations. In this case, the long-term R.E.C. deal provides critical revenues that enable the project to be financed. (2) The R.E.C.'s are sold by a facility with high operational costs and the facility would shut down without future R.E.C. revenues. It is possible that some high-cost biomass plants could meet these criteria if their fuel costs are significant and they lack a sufficiently lucrative energy off-take agreement. The key question is whether the facility is likely to continue to operate based only on energy market revenues (without any R.E.C. sales). In the case of an existing wind project, there is no chance that a R.E.C. deal makes a difference because the operational costs are low and most wind projects receive lucrative federal tax credits based on production over the first 10 years. Once a wind project is online, the facility will continue to operate with or without a R.E.C. deal.
“The bottom line,” Mr. Freedman added, “is that you need to investigate whether the R.E.C. transaction satisfies the principle of additionality. Otherwise, the transacting of R.E.C.'s serves only to provide the buyer with positive public relations value and increases profits for the seller.”
Whether or not the Empire State Building's R.E.C. outlay will prompt NRG to build new wind farms — or will help shore up one of its existing facilities — is unclear. That aside, it still seems a notable milestone for Manhattan's most famous landmark. The purchase, according to Thursday's announcement, is “more than double the amount of renewable power that any other commercial customer in New York City is currently buying.”
Eggs were used in many ancient rituals and traditions. Image Credit: sxc.hu
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that the residents of an ancient city used eggs to ward off evil.
Long before the advent of modern science, people of the ancient world would attribute destructive events such as earthquakes and tsunamis to spirits, demons and other evil forces.At the site of the ancient city of Sardis where a devastating earthquake once struck, archaeologists have unearthed evidence that its residents once relied on special rituals and charms to ward off evil and prevent subsequent disasters.Artifacts such as eggshells and coins were found to have been buried as part of these rituals in a discovery that is believed to be one of the few known examples of how natural disasters affected the people of the time on a personal level."That's what makes this deposit so interesting," said Elizabeth Raubolt of the University of Missouri. "It's one person's way of coping with the uncertainties and tumultuous events of that period."
Gilmer County, Ga., sheriff's officials are investigating a reported rape that allegedly took place at a cabin where two dozen young people were partying after Calhoun High School's prom last Saturday.
The sheriff's office reported that about 25 young people from Calhoun and one from Dalton, Ga., attended the party, which was held at a cabin owned by one of the student's parents.
Multiple reports from the community assert that several young men were involved in the alleged assault of a young woman.
At this point, no one has been charged.
"The report and statements from witnesses indicate that all, or at least nearly all, of the 18- to 20-year-old attendees were drinking alcohol and were intoxicated," Sheriff Stacy Nicholson said in a statement.
Calhoun City Schools Superintendent Michelle Taylor said the high school is "fully cooperating with Gilmer County" in the investigation, but stressed that the alleged incident did not take place at a school event and occurred in another county.
"It has nothing to do with the school," she said.
She would not say how many students were being questioned by police, saying only that several had been interviewed.
She said it was too soon to say whether students involved in the investigation were facing school-related consequences, or whether it may impact their graduation.
While Taylor said she was aware of the rumors buzzing in the hallways and on social media sites about the alleged incident, she said school officials are addressing the distraction by encouraging students "not to speculate or share untruths."
Asked if the school was providing counseling for students impacted by the alleged assault or the investigation, Taylor said the school's policy is to "provide support for any student who reports such a matter to school administration."
Contact staff writer Kate Harrison at kharrison@timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6673.
It's safe to say that this year's draft is going to be incredibly important for the Colts, regardless of who it is that's leading things. They will have several picks, but they'll likely gain one more as well.
Over the Cap recently released their projections for compensatory picks, and they project the Colts getting a fourth round pick for the loss of Coby Fleener in free agency.
The NFL hasn't officially announced the compensatory picks yet, but OTC usually does a very good job at predicting them. They've done a good job at, for the most part, figuring out the formula the NFL uses to award these picks, so it's likely that the Colts should get an extra fourth rounder to make up for the loss of Fleener.
Fleener's deal with the Saints averages $7.2 million per season, which is what factors heavily into the compensatory formula. On the field, however, Fleener had an up and down season. He caught 50 passes for 631 yards and three touchdowns, averaging 12.6 yards per catch, and he also rushed for a touchdown. He wasn't the dynamic playmaker that many thought he would be in the Saints offense, but he still was fourth on the team in receiving yards. The Colts saw some similar concerns with the tight end they choose to keep in Dwayne Allen, but the positive is that the Colts should get a compensatory pick out of the loss of Fleener. That's something that Ryan Grigson was very aware of last offseason when making his moves, and so it's good that it seems to have paid off a bit.
According to OTC's projection chart, the Colts also would have been in line to receive compensatory picks for the losses of Jerrell Freeman (sixth round) and Dwight Lowery (seventh round), but those were cancelled out by the signings of Patrick Robinson and Scott Tolzien.
This year, compensatory picks are even more valuable than they've been in years past, as this year they're tradeable. There have already been a couple of trades involving potential compensatory picks, so this would give the Colts another pick to either use on much-needed prospects or use in a trade. With how much work this team needs to do, every little bit - like an extra fourth round picks - certainly helps.
HuffPo Can't Connect Dots on Men, Women and Divorce
September 15, 2013 by Robert Franklin, Esq.
The mainstream media just can't seem to get it right. Even when they get something right, it's so lacking in context that it might as well not be. Of course I'm talking about family-related issues, but it's true elsewhere as well. Here's an example of the former (Huffington Post, 9/10/13). If someone wants to teach this in journalism class, the article is a good lesson in how not to address the topic of divorce or separation or, I suspect, many others.
The problem is that the author wants to show how differently men and women respond to divorce, so she takes a “this is true of women/that is true of men” approach to doing so. That allows her to be basically correct with her facts but utterly misleading about the realities of divorce for the sexes. She puts the dots on the paper but never considers connecting them.
The writer, Nancy Fagan, is correct that, for example, divorce is emotionally trying for both sexes and that “women initiate divorce,” “women have custody of children” and “women experience less stress.” But she doesn't notice that, between each of the statements in quotation marks, she could have inserted the word “because,” and had a far more informative article. Facts alone, without context or causality, are generally pretty meaningless, and Fagan's piece is Exhibit A for the proposition.
The simple truth is that women are generally happier about divorce and more able to deal with it well for some very straightforward and obvious reasons. The most important is that they get the kids. As Brinig and Allen show, women are the ones to file for divorce (they do so in 70% of cases) because they know they won't lose their children. Men know they will lose their children, so they cling more doggedly to relationships that may well not be working for them.
Study after study shows that the loss of the role of father and provider is traumatic for men, often devastating their sense of purpose and worth. Couple that with the loss of home that's typically given to the woman in a divorce and custody case, and the loss of income that goes to the woman in child support and alimony, and it's clear why divorce is easier for women than for men. Women know they'll get the kids and experience a relatively modest decline in their standard of living, while men know the opposite on all counts.
The suicide rate for men shoots up for men who divorce, but for women it remains about the same. The reasons should be obvious; men lose much of their raison d'etre while women lose little.
But Fagan is content to recite facts with no context, no empathy and no notion that one phenomenon causes another. From reading her piece, an untutored reader might well conclude that women are simply the more “powerful” and “resilient” sex, two words Fagan happens to use in her first paragraph. After all, both sexes divorce, so why do women respond so much better to the experience than do men? It's that failure to ask “why?” that renders Fagan's piece essentially useless, despite its basic accuracy.
As to the “that is true for men” part of the article, Fagan is basically clueless. Her points 2 (Men Experience Greater Adjustments) and 5 (Men are Negative) are good examples. Why, Ms. Fagan, do men need to adjust more than women and why are they negative about the prospect of divorce? She offers nothing to answer either question, despite the fact that answers to both are perfectly obvious. Men adjust more because they lose more – a lot more. Men are more negative because they lose more – a lot more. One visit to a lawyer will tell any man that he's about to fall off a high cliff, and that's if his wife chooses to play nicely and not level false allegations of domestic or child abuse at him. Even a standard, off-the-shelf custody case will likely damage him irreparably for years to come. He'll go from being one of the two most important people in his children's lives to being an occasional visitor. They'll know their teachers and their friends' parents far better than they know him.
And of course he'll be living in a one-bedroom apartment praying he doesn't get laid off work. Should that happen, he'll find himself scrambling to pay a lawyer to try, often in vain, to get his payments lowered. If that fails, he'll be looking at jail and as much as 12% per annum tacked on to the child support payments he can't make anyway. All of that is for the privilege of paying his ex alimony to make sure her standard of living doesn't dip even a little bit. Negative? Why would a guy be negative?
Fagan's right about her point 4 that “men who have joint custody are better parents,” even though she doesn't know what joint custody is. She seems to think that joint legal custody is joint physical custody. It's not. Joint legal custody just means he's to be consulted about all important decisions regarding the child. Does his child need surgery? He's supposed to be consulted. Does Mom want the child to change schools? He's supposed to get a say.
But what if none of those things occurs? The dad with only legal custody is about as important to his kid as the mail man.
Joint physical custody, by contrast, means he gets to see his child. Maybe not very often, but at least he has some contact, some input into what the child experiences, how he/she sees the world. He's got a chance to be an important influence in little Andy or Jenny's life. That's why joint physical custody makes for better non-custodial parents – the guy's actually got something to do with raising his child. He sees the child and the child sees him. Somehow Fagan manages to not get that.
Fagan's “on the one hand ‘A' and on the other hand ‘B'” approach is worse than just disingenuous, it's insidious too. By presenting the subject as, in some way, just the way men and women are, she encourages readers to not seek change. If men experience divorce one way and women another as a matter of their gender identities, who would consider change? Why not try to get dogs to behave like cats and vice versa? It's a losing proposition.
But of course none of the behaviors she identifies is necessarily related to the sex of the divorcee. On the contrary, they're a matter of public policy. Those behaviors stem, not from biology, but from the incentives we give to men and women as a matter of law and judicial practice. Men and women behave the way they do when faced with divorce and child custody due to what they can safely predict will happen. They can predict that because data and their attorneys make it clear from the start what will happen. And overwhelmingly, the system of family courts and family law privileges mothers over fathers. They do so in just about every imaginable way, from custody to visitation to support to alimony to move-aways to false allegations of abuse, to failure to enforce visitation, to draconian enforcement of child support and alimony, and on and on. Those things are all either spelled out explicitly in legal statutes or a clear matter of judicial preference.
As such, they can be changed. They can be changed by making people more aware of what their public “servants” are doing and by bringing pressure to bear on them. Exactly that is going on in every state in the nation by countless thousands of men and women who are dedicated to bringing family law in line with fundamental fairness and the science on child well-being.
And it is that, I suspect, that Nancy Fagan wants no part of. She wants us to believe that how men and women respond to divorce is just a matter of women's strength and men's weakness. And if we believe that, we won't be inclined to act. Like so many others, Fagan likes the system just the way it is.
But the times they are a-changin'. Gradually, state legislators are being forced to realize the disaster that is family law, for children mostly, but for fathers as well. This is a genie that can't be put back in the bottle. Those dedicated to constructive change aren't going away, and we've got truth and fairness on our side.
The National Parents Organization is a Shared Parenting Organization
The National Parents Organization is a non-profit that educates the public, families, educators, and legislators about the importance of shared parenting and how it can reduce conflict in children, parents, and extended families. Want to get involved? Here's how:
Become an official member of the National Parents Organization team.
an official member of the National Parents Organization team. Join our Facebook Page.
Together, we can drive home the family, child development, social and national benefits of shared parenting. Thank you for your activism.
#HuffingtonPost, #men, #women, #Fagan, #divorce, #father, #alimony, #childsupport
The Ancient Magus' Bride's seventh volume opens with the story at its most personal, centering on the relationship that is its heart. Chise has spent long volumes learning from her mentor Elias, but as Elias has come to care for her, he has changed as well. Elias' development of human emotions is a generally positive thing, but as a creature from outside humanity experiencing hurt and love for the first time, his reactions are like those of an angry child. Though Elias has often acted as something like a father for Chise, in this volume, it becomes clear that she is becoming the emotional guide of the two of them. Their uneasy relationship has never been more fraught than here, or more rewarding.
Chise's growing sense of responsibility towards Elias is underlined both in her skillful defusal of his tantrums and in a later visit to her friend Angelica. Meeting Angelica's human husband for the first time, he reflects on the odd negotiations of family and love, and how connecting yourself to another means you're no longer fully your own. From the title on down, The Ancient Magus' Bride has never been afraid to embrace the thorny, uneven implications of familial closeness, and this volume continues its difficult balance of clear danger and well-earned warmth. Chise's nature makes it very unlikely she'll outlast Elias, but it's clear that she's already beginning to outgrow him.
After a pair of chapters that acknowledge the inherent melancholy of this shift, The Ancient Magus' Bride spreads its wings both literally and figuratively, diving into an adventure that ropes in the dragon aerie, alchemist college, and even the auction house where Chise was sold.
At seven volumes in, The Ancient Magus' Bride has established a wide array of distinctive characters and magical institutions, presenting a world of marvelous individual attractions without demonstrating their interlocking parts. This volume's later chapters remedy that lack, roping close to a dozen of the manga's various players into a plot to reclaim two stolen dragons. It's a refreshing and largely positive change - while it's been easy to invest in Magus' Bride's vignettes for their own sake, demonstrating how all these organizations actually interact gives the story a new sense of holism.
That change does open the story up to a new kind of worldbuilding-focused criticism, too. In the past, we didn't have enough information on the world surrounding any individual vignette to question if alchemist shops or magical auctions made sense in this world. In spite of tying together a variety of distinct institutions, this volume still doesn't necessarily convey the sense of a full-fledged magical world. Institutions like the alchemist college lack the lived details of places like Elias' home, and the volume's final spectacle relied on a dramatic twist that made me question how the magical auction house had survived this long. Revealing the skeletal mechanics of your invented world only works if those bones can actually bear its substance.
That said, this volume's dramatic shift easily succeeds both as a propulsive narrative and as a continued reflection on the manga's characters. The competence that saves Chise in the volume's early chapters here makes her perfectly believable as a key player in a dragon heist, validating all the work Magus' Bride has done to build her character. Elias' unsustainable relationship with Chise prompts satisfying sparks with the alchemists, and the auction sequence offers the opportunity for many new kinds of drama. Altogether, Magus' Bride's story embraces its new dramatic scale with relieving grace.
Visually, this volume is a bit more conservative than most. The show's character art is as attractive as ever, but much of this volume is taken up by close panels of faces exchanging words. The manga's tendency to often avoid background art entirely feels like a real missed opportunity here, as new settings like the alchemist college and magical auction aren't given the visual context necessary to inspire wonder or feel real. And while the actual kidnapping of the dragons is a real visual feast, the confrontation at the auction house gets somewhat muddled, its overreliance on closeups somewhat dampening its drama. That said, a below-average volume of Magus' Bride is still a very pretty thing, and there's plenty to marvel at here.
Overall, The Ancient Magus' Bride's seventh volume demonstrates both slight growing pains and satisfying payoff, as Chise starts to become a truly great mage. If this is the beginning of her legend, it's a fine place to start.
Three weeks ago to the day terrorist gunmen armed with Kalashnikovs went on a killing spree on the terraces of bars and restaurants across Paris.
At the Café Bonne Biere, which stands on the corner between the tenth and the 11th arrondissements, five customers were shot dead on the terrace which sweeps around the building on Rue du Faubourg du Temple.
Since November 13th the once-bustling terrace and cafe has been cordoned off with police tape as mourners left flowers, candles, messages of support and photos of the victims who lost their lives.
But on Friday the café reopened to the public. It is the first of several venues targeted by the terrorists to get back to business.
Crowds gather inside La Bonne Biere for the first time since the Paris terror attacks three weeks ago. pic.twitter.com/lCewNzAq14 — The Local France (@TheLocalFrance) December 4, 2015
As expected given the global coverage of the attacks the reopening prompted a media frenzy at the cafe, a sign that it may take a while to return to normal.
Speaking to the media outside, the bar's manager Audrey Bily thanked local residents for their support and offered all their condolences to the families of those killed.
"This is a big moment for us to welcome back our customers. We are a big family here together. This has always been a place of sharing and conviviality. Now we want to get going again," Bily said.
Bar manager Audrey Bily, right. Photo: The Local
Construction workers have replaced the bullet-ridden glass panels, and on Thursday removed the broken chairs and tables that were no doubt crushed as people stampeded inside for safety.
The owners have said certain changes have been made to the layout for "psychological reasons". The pavement is still bedecked with flowers and candles although the makeshift shrine has been reduced so people can pass by.
On Friday a banner reading "Je suis en terrasse" (I am on the terrace) - one of the many mottos of resistance that emerged since the attacks, hung above the entrance.
Work underway at the terror-hit Bonne Biere cafe before its reopening on Friday. pic.twitter.com/RBViqEGmW5 — Oliver Gee (@olivergee23) December 3, 2015
Local Parisians at the scene on Thursday were united in their support for the reopening.
Thierry, a 42-year-old, said that the period for reflection had been necessary, but that it was "time to turn the page".
"We can't let it just be a cemetery here," he told The Local, adding that he wouldn't be afraid to be among those on the terrace taking a coffee.
"There's no difference between this terrace and any other in Paris. If people are scared, then they can eat inside. Life goes on," he said.
Others suggested that it was a courageous move by the café staff, but a vital one.
"It's important to reopen and to get the community back together," said Aissa, who works at the florist two doors down (pictured below).
"The attack didn't just affect the Bonne Biere and its customers - it affected all of the people who live and work around here. It's like a village feeling, we all know each other, and it hit us very hard."
He said that reopening would be an integral part of the healing process.
"It's been touching, but extremely tough for us to see people every single day in tears. It's time to get back to our lives."
Khaled, a 51-year-old who works at the supermarket across the road, said he is a regular at the Bonne Biere and was on the terrace just hours before the terrorists attacked.
"I'm glad they've reopened - I had three coffees there already this morning," he said.
He said that even the "bastard terrorists" couldn't ruin his daily routine.
"We want to have our coffee there in the morning, see the regular faces, then come back again at the end of the day for a beer and a cigarette."
Meanwhile, across the road, the Casa Nostra remains firmly closed, but the other venues hit by the terrorists have vowed to reopen in the coming weeks.
City workers have cleared flowers from both of two nearby venues that were also hit - Le Carillon bar and Le Petit Cambodge restaurant, where 15 people lost their lives.
Le Carillon may reopen on December 10th, while owner of Le Petit Cambodge says they will wait until the new year.
The Bataclan concert hall further down the road remains closed too, for the foreseeable future. The owners have vowed to reopen towards the end of 2016.
Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi (born 25 September 1948)[1] is the current ruler of the Emirate of Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).[2]
Early life [ edit ]
Hamad Al Sharqi was born in 1948, the son of Sheikh Mohammed bin Hamad Al Sharqi, former ruler of the Emirate of Fujairah, one of the principalities which make up the United Arab Emirates. His mother, Sheikha Fatima bint Rashid Al Nuaimi, was a princess of the neighbouring Emirate of Ajman; she was the sister of the present ruler of Ajman, Sheikh Humaid bin Rashid Al Nuaimi.[citation needed]
Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi studied English at Eastbourne School of English in East Sussex, United Kingdom, from 1969 to 1970. He attended the Mons Military Academy in 1970. From 1971 to 1974, he served as Minister for Agriculture and Fisheries of the UAE.[citation needed]
In 1975, Sheikh Hamad's father died and Sheikh Hamad succeeded him to the throne of Fujairah.[citation needed] He has handled the administration of his principality single-handedly since then and also taken on the responsibility of representing the UAE at international and diplomatic engagements. Sheikh Hamad is known to be an eloquent speaker, fluent with both English and Arabic; his education in a British school has proven to be an advantage when dealing with foreign dignitaries and some of the world leaders. For these reasons, and also because his family has good relationships with the ruling families of Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Ajman, Sheikh Hamad has represented the president of the United Arab Emirates the most in international seminars and conferences.[citation needed] This was particularly so during the reign of the late Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan (ruler of Abu Dhabi), and also of the current president of the UAE, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
The Sharqi family have good relations with the Al Nahyan family, which rules Abu Dhabi, a relationship affirmed through marriage alliances.[citation needed] They also have similar relations with the Dubai ruling family. These are very old relations, rooted in history and forged over hundreds of years, dating back to the time when they were all part of the Al Hinawi tribal alliance, ranged against the Al Ghuwafir alliance. The family's relationship with Ajman is evident in the fact that the Sheikh's mother was a sister of the ruler of Ajman. Sheikh Hamad was bereaved by the death of his mother in 2014.[3]
Children [ edit ]
Sheikh Hamad is married to Sheikha Fatima bint Thani Al Maktoum, a member of the Al-Makhtoum family, which rules Dubai. They have the following children:
Sara bint Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi (1985) Graduate of the American University of Sharjah.
Mohammed bin Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi (born 1986), Crown Prince of Fujairah.
Rashid bin Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi (1987), head of media department of Fujairah. PhD in economics from London .
Shamsa bint Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi (1988), a graduate of Zayed University, Dubai. Head of various charities in Fujairah.
Madiyah bint Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi (1989), fashion designer.
Maktoum bin Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi (1991), a graduate of Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
Ancestry [ edit ]
Ancestors of Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi 4. Sheikh Hamad Al Sharqi 2. Sheikh Mohammed bin Hamad Al Sharqi 1. Sheikh Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi 24. Sheikh Abdulaziz Al Nuaimi 12. Sheikh Humaid bin Abdulaziz Al Nuaimi 6. Sheikh Rashid bin Humaid Al Nuaimi 26. Sheikh Saeed bin Majed Al Nuaimi 13. Sheikha bint Saeed Al Nuaimi 3. Sheikha Fatima bint Rashid Al Nuaimi
See also [ edit ]
Image Credit: Jeffrey Mayer/WireImage.comNBC has found its Wonder Woman!
Friday Night Lights star Adrianne Palicki has landed the coveted lead role in the broadcaster's reboot of the classic 1970s series.
In addition to having won praise for her performance on FNL, Palicki looks, well… spot-on perfect for the part, yes?
Wonder Woman is being remade by Boston Legal writer David E. Kelley, who has incorporated the superhero's signature lasso, cuffs, and plane in the script. The script is a serious, non-campy take on the DC Comics character that pays homage to TV's original WW Lynda Carter, but it should satiate those fans of Kelley's memorable soapbox moments his legal dramas: At one point, Diana gives a speech on Capitol Hill.
For years, various writers and producers (including Joss Whedon) have tried to bring back Wonder Woman and the character has proved difficult to resurrect. But NBC is all about taking big swings next fall under new entertainment chief Robert Greenblatt, who's greenlit high-concept pilots such as 17th Precinct (cops solve crimes in magical world) and Playboy (lives of Playboy bunnies in the 1960s).
Palicki will star in the upcoming feature-film remake of Red Dawn, and also starred in the horror film Breaking the Girl and most recently in Fox's short-lived series Lone Star.
Here's the official Wonder Woman description:
The series pilot is a reinvention of the iconic DC Comics title in which Wonder Woman — a.k.a. Diana Prince — is a vigilante crime fighter in Los Angeles but also a successful corporate executive and a modern woman trying to balance all of the elements of her extraordinary life. Kelley and Bill D'Elia (Boston Legal, The Practice) are the executive producers. The pilot was written by Kelley and will be directed by Jeffrey Reiner (NBC's The Event). Wonder Woman is from David E. Kelley Productions and Warner Bros. Television.
Read more:
EW Special Report: Wonder Woman: The Missing Superhero
Who should play Wonder Woman?
‘Wonder Woman' project finds a home at NBC
Wonder Woman TV show ‘not moving forward'
Joss Whedon's Wonder Woman fantasy: Angelina Jolie
One Must Fall: 2097 is a fighting video game for all IBM-compatible computers on DOS, programmed by Diversions Entertainment, published by Epic MegaGames and released in 1994. The game was later patched to include multiplayer support. On February 10, 1999, the game was declared freeware by the developers.[1] A sequel titled One Must Fall: Battlegrounds was released in 2003.
Gameplay [ edit ]
Screenshot showing Crystal (in the blue Jaguar HAR) fighting Jean-Paul (in the red Shadow HAR).
One Must Fall: 2097 replaces the human combatants typical of contemporary fighter video games with large Human Assisted Robots (HAR). These HARs are piloted through a physical and mental link to the human pilots; however, this is merely a plot concept and is never shown on-screen.
Eleven HARs and ten selectable pilots are available for play, along with five arenas and four tournaments. The pilots vary in strength, speed and endurance, thus the many HAR/pilot combinations allow for large replay value.
Unlike in most fighting games of its time, the arenas (except one, the Stadium) contain hazards. For instance, one arena features spikes coming out of the darkness that can damage a robot.
The game has two main play modes: One-Player Mode, in which the company that markets the robots, World Aeronautics and Robotics (WAR), is holding a competition among its employees to decide who will be selected to oversee the establishment of the first Earth base on Jupiter's moon, Ganymede. The second mode is Tournament Mode, where HAR battles have become the premier source of entertainment for Earth and the player as a new competitor, must win prize money to improve the machine and ultimately become the World Champion.
Each HAR has three special attacks that can be discovered (except for Shadow and Nova, who both have four), along with a "scrap" and "destruction" move (similar to fatalities in Mortal Kombat) that can earn bonus points and, in some cases, unlock secrets.
Using destruction moves in the tournament mode in the higher difficulty levels sometimes results in the player being challenged by an unranked opponent. Defeating that opponent and using a destruction move on their robot occasionally yields secret components which can be installed on the players HAR, significantly improving the effectiveness of certain special moves and sometimes adding new ones.
History [ edit ]
Development [ edit ]
Jazz Jackrabbit. Eva Earlong from
Jazz Jackrabbit. Devan Shell from
The game began development under the title of simply One Must Fall and the beta demo was released as freeware on May 18, 1993.[2] It featured two human fighters who resembled the karatekas of Karate Champ. The completed version was officially released in 1994 by Epic MegaGames.
The music was composed by Kenny Chou of the demoscene group Renaissance using Scream Tracker 3.0.[3]
Different versions of the game had varying AI flaws. For example, certain versions had all AI opponents not guarding themselves against the special moves of Shadow and Thorn.
The full retail version includes shareware versions of Radix: Beyond the Void, Tyrian and Jazz Jackrabbit, the last of which is referenced heavily in One Must Fall: 2097.
Epic MegaGames planned to release a 3D sequel to the game by 1996, but cancelled it.[4]
Legacy [ edit ]
On February 10, 1999, the game was declared freeware by the developers.[1] The game runs well in DOSBox.
On January 2013 a remake project was posted to GitHub, named OpenOMF. Development goals are cross platform compatibility of the engine and the substitution of the IPX-based network functionality.[5]
“Darkness closes in. Will you stand against it or lead this world to its bitter end?” – Morrigan, Dragon Age Inquisition
The phone buzzed again and again, but Katie couldn't will her right arm to bend. She clicked the answer button and thumbed the setting to put it on speaker. She hoped it would be enough.
“Katherine?”
“Dad!” she said, shouting above the wind and rain.
“Kather—ca—ear me?”
The phone was cutting out and she couldn't see how good her signal was. Beside her, Lindsay was flagging, her legs stumbling more often than walking. They tripped, going to their knees and the phone fell from Katie's hand, skittering across the road. She cried out and nearly dropped Lindsay in her haste to retrieve it. Hoping her dad was still on the line, she pulled it to her ear with her left hand.
“Dad! Dad can you hear me?”
“Katherine? Can you hear me?”
“Yes!”
“Thank God, where are you?”
“We're on Twenty-Eight!”
There was a brief pause and Katie feared the connection had been cut. “Dad?”
“You're here?”
She swallowed, her heart pounding in her chest. “Yes.”
“Katherine, listen very carefully. How far away from Mount Hope are you?”
She coughed, trying to ignore the freezing rain that threatened to turn her hands to ice. Turning her head back the way they came and forward again, she searched for a good landmark. There was only forest on both sides, but in the distance she could make out faint light flickering in the darkness. She figured if she'd been three miles from Mount Hope when she'd been dropped off, they'd come roughly a mile in Lindsay's car. The lights looked about two miles away, so she supposed they hadn't gotten turned around.
“About two miles? Call 911, there's someone injured back by our car. There was a crash—”
“911 isn't going to help,” he said in a tone that brooked no argument. “Who is with you?”
“Lindsay. Dad, we're both hurt.”
“How badly? Can you move?”
She turned her attention to Lindsay. She was still breathing, but her shivering was becoming alarming. When she shook her, Lindsay barely responded.
“I… I don't know… Dad I don't think we can move,” she said and once more bit back tears. Her arm throbbed and she began to worry about the dark stain that was growing on her jacket around the wound. How much was she bleeding? She was feeling a little light headed.
“Okay, damn it. Do not go into Mount Hope, do you understand? I'll come and get you.”
“Dad… we hit someone… Lindsay called him… called him Mister Turner?”
There was another small bit of silence.
“How did he look?” her dad said, speaking slowly and clearly.
“Huh?” she said. Her head was feeling fuzzy. She knew that wasn't a good sign. Either she had a concussion too or blood loss was becoming a real problem. She had to do something, clear her head somehow.
“Have you been bitten?”
“Bitten? What?”
“Katherine, I need you to listen very carefully. Have you been bitten by anyone?”
“N-no!”
“Good. Was Lindsay bitten?””
Katie frowned. She didn't understand why he was so insistent but turned her attention on Lindsay. The effort made her dizzy, but she managed to check Lindsay for further injuries and found none. Her friend's eyes were closed and no matter how much shaking she did, Lindsay wasn't opening them again. Panic began to seize her.
“No but dad, she's not waking up!”
“I'm coming. Can you get out of sight until you see my truck?”
“I don't know, I… I can barely move!”
“Katherine. Katie. Listen to me very carefully. You have to try. Do not approach anyone but me. Do you understand? I don't care who it is.”
“O-Okay,” she said. She shook Lindsay to wake her but nothing happened. The storm was getting worse again, but she was soaked so thoroughly that she hardly noticed.
“I'll be there in twenty minutes,” he said and the line went dead.
Katie shoved the phone into her jacket pocket. She felt so tired, like she'd just run a hundred miles. Her mind felt fuzzy and her vision was swimming. I have to get out of the rain. That single thought put her into motion, going to her knees first and then to her feet. The wound in her shoulder throbbed as the adrenaline began to drain from her system. It was all she could do not to collapse again.
“Lindsay… Lindsay please get up,” she said, leaning over to grab hold of the back of her friend's coat. Could she really drag her ten feet into the woods with one hand? Katie was strong and Lindsay was very petite but she was hurt and only had one hand to leverage. Have to try.
Through pain and dizziness, she began to drag Lindsay off the road. Several times, she nearly collapsed, her voice a shrill screech in the still night. That ten feet felt like a thousand, with each step full of agony. Focus on what I can do right now, she told herself over and over. One step. Another. Another. Lindsay was dead weight and the exertion made sweat break out to mix with the freezing rain. She felt warm for the first time since she arrived.
By the time they reached the tree line, Katie was so tired that she collapsed into a bank of snow. The shock of pain through her shoulder nearly made her black out and no matter how much she wanted to, she couldn't pull Lindsay any further. The canopy of thick firs blocked some of the storm and she could only hope it was enough. Closing her eyes, she willed her father to drive faster. He would make everything all right. He would know what to do.
#
She woke suddenly, her heart racing. I fell asleep! Did I miss dad? Momentarily forgetting her injury, she sat bolt upright. The searing pain was so intense that she opened her mouth to scream but the sound stuck in her throat. Tears stung her eyes and began to slide, warm and thick down her cheeks.
It felt like an eternity before the pain subsided. She glanced down at her wound. The piece of glass still protruded but her jacket looked no more soaked with blood than it was before. She decided that was a good sign.
Lindsay.
Her friend lay nearby, unconscious but breathing regularly. She leaned close and felt her breath against her cheek. It was strong, also a good sign.
A sound caught her attention and she thought for a moment that her father was arriving. She crawled to the edge of the tree line and looked both ways.
Coming towards her from the north was not a car, but people. They were moving slowly, as if in a daze. A collective groan came from a dozen throats. Through the storm it was hard to make out faces. What are they doing out in this?
A girl, looking no older than Katie was, paused. Her head swung side to side drunkenly and she was sniffing the air. Pale hands reached up before her, as if they were trying to find an invisible wall.
Then she turned and looked straight at Katie.
The sound that came from the girl's throat was not human. It was halfway between a scream and retch. What was worse were how the others all made the same sound, as if answering her.
“What the hell is this?” she whispered and shifted her weight to move back into the trees. She didn't know what was wrong with these people but it wasn't good.
Too late. The girl began to run towards her. Almost immediately the rest followed, lurching into motion on stumbling feet. Some slipped and crashed to the ground only to scramble up again.
“Oh my God,” she whispered and tried to rise, using a tree for leverage. She barely made it to her knees..
The girl leaped across the ditch and landed heavily against her, knocking them both to the ground. Katie landed on her right arm and screamed. Her vision darkened. Don't black out, don't black out, she told herself. If she did, she'd die. She wasn't sure why, but she knew it was true.
“Katie?” Lindsay's voice came from nearby.
“Lindsay! Lindsay gets away!”
The girl was on her then. Katie spun and threw up her arm, her elbow connecting with the girl's throat. It didn't even slow her down. In an instant she was on her again, teeth snapping, fingers clawing for Katie's face. She heard Lindsay scream but couldn't look back. It was all she could to do to keep her arm against her attacker's neck, preventing slavering, clicking teeth from digging into her face.
Have you been bitten? Her father's question rang loud in her mind. It was the only thing that made sense to her in that moment. It was a goal, an objective. Don't get bitten.
The sound of a roaring engine and squealing tires preceded the crunch of flesh and bone. Dad! It had to be him. It had to be!
“Dad!” she cried out and kicked at the girl on top of her. Her boots connected but the girl was strong and heavy on top of her. She couldn't budge her, couldn't move her.
“Dad!”
Lindsay screamed again just before the sound of a shotgun erupted just a few feet away. Katie's ears rang and she nearly let her defenses drop in shock. Those teeth were inches from her face, snapping, hissing. She turned her head away in desperation. The shotgun went off again and again and again.
Another sound thundered nearby and the girl went limp. Pistol, Katie thought. In another instant, the weight was lifted off of her and she sucked in a deep breath. A hand went around her arm and lifted her to her feet. Her right shoulder was numb. She barely felt it as she stumbled against a warm, solid body. She screamed again and began to thrash.
“Katie! Katie it's me!”
Her eyes opened and she turned to look into the pale, blue eyes of her father. For a moment, she could do nothing, could say nothing. The relief that flooded through her made her catatonic.
Her father shook her. “Katie, snap out of it. Were you bit?”
“What? Huh? Uh… no, no!”
“Get in the car, go!” He turned her around and gave her a gentle shove towards the waiting SUV. She stumbled towards it, focusing on this new objective. Get to the car. Get to the car. She didn't even remember Lindsay until she pulled the door open and turned to get in.
Her father was carrying her in his arms, her face turned against his chest. Katie never knew just how small her friend was until that moment. Like a doll, she thought, numb.
“Get in!”
But Katie was seeing the girl now, as if for the first time. She knew her. It was Samantha Evans. They'd had freshman biology together. Katie borrowed her hair tie for gym. Now she lay in a pool of black blood, a bullet having ripped her skull apart.
Her father rounded the car and Katie heard a door open. Somewhere ahead of them, the screeching she heard was eerily familiar.
With one last look at Samantha's corpse, Katie pulled herself into the SUV and slammed the door shut.
Advertisements
The European Parliament will vote on a report calling on the European Commission and all EU member states to “seriously consider” basic income in order to address the economic consequences of automation and artificial intelligence.
On Thursday 12 January, European Parliament's committee on Legal affairs (JURI) adopted a report on “Civil law rules on robotics” which considers the legal and economic consequences of the rise of robots and artificial intelligence devices.
According to the report, since “robots, bots, androids and other manifestations of artificial intelligence (“AI”) seem poised to unleash a new industrial revolution, which is likely to leave no stratum of society untouched, it is vitally important for the legislature to consider all its implications. There are many tools claiming to be the best tool for machine learning and if these keep developing can artificial intelligence become a real threat to human job roles?
It reads further: “the development of robotics and AI may result in a large part of the work now done by humans being taken over by robots, so raising concerns about the future of employment and the viability of social security systems if the current basis of taxation is maintained, creating the potential for increased inequality in the distribution of wealth and influence”
To cope with those consequences, the report makes a strong call for basic income. “A general basic income should be seriously considered, and (the European Parliament) invites all Member States to do so.”
The resolution is based on a report prepared by the Working Group on Legal Questions Related to the Development of Robotics and Artificial Intelligence, established in January 2015.
This legislative initiative is however not legally binding. If adopted in February by the European Parliament's full house, the EU Commission would be invited to present a legislative proposal but it can also refuse to do so.
The Commission is not entirely unaware about basic income. Last year, Social Affairs Commissioner Marianne Thyssen said she would follow with great interest the outcomes of the basic income experiments currently underway in Finland.
The rapporteur of the report, Socialist MEP Mady Delvaux, said she was satisfied that basic income was included by the JURI Committee at this stage.
My report on#robotics adopted today including a debate on tax and social system and the possible introduction of a general basic income! — Mady Delvaux (@mady_delvaux) January 12, 2017
However she expressed doubt that the idea would survive the plenary vote. In a statement published on the website of the Socialist and Democrats group at the European Parliament, the MEP explained:
“As social democrats, it is urgent that we look at new models to manage society in a world where robots do more and more of the work. One idea adopted in this report is to look at a universal basic income – where everyone would receive a wage from the government whether they are in work or not.”
Barb Jacobson, Chair of Unconditional Basic Income Europe said, “We are very pleased Mme Delvaux mentioned basic income in this report, and we hope that Parliament and the Commission will give it serious consideration along with rules about the use of robots. The benefits of automation should be enjoyed by all members of society, not just those companies which directly benefit from it.”
UBI-Europe urges European basic income supporters to get in touch with their MEPs to make sure this aspect of the report reaches the Commission.”
“Whether automation ends up destroying a larger proportion of jobs or not, however, incomes are already increasingly insecure, and in most parts of Europe wages have stagnated or fallen. While many member states are starting to take basic income seriously, the need is urgent. The EU could help lead the way with its own Eurodividend,” added Nicole Teke, Secretary of UBI-Europe.
The European Parliament is expected to vote on the final report on the week of February 13.
Pictures CC European Parliament
IN CONTEXT: Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders on Goldman Sachs
Back from the MLK Day holiday, a big number stuck in our heads.
It especially adhered because it was lofted by Bernie Sanders about Goldman Sachs, the firm that has employed Heidi Cruz, wife of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, whose 2012 Senate campaign indirectly benefited from the Cruz couple taking out a margin loan of up to $500,000 from the New York-based investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Problematically, Cruz didn't report that lift in his Senate campaign filings, The New York Times emphasized in a Jan. 13, 2016, news story, though Cruz has said the fuss is all about inadvertent paperwork errors. (Our rundown of what Cruz's campaign should have reported appears here.)
So, here's the number we couldn't shake: $600,000 -- in speaking fees?
In Sunday's Democratic presidential debate, which aired on NBC and livestreamed on YouTube, Sanders brought up Goldman Sachs, saying: "Let me give you an example of how corrupt — how corrupt this system is. Goldman Sachs recently fined $5 billion. Goldman Sachs has given this country two secretaries of treasury, one on the Republicans, one under Democrats."
A beat later, Sanders said: "The leader of Goldman Sachs is a billionaire who comes to Congress and tells us we should cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid."
Hold that pony: The Times said in a post-debate fact check that the Vermont senator based his declaration on what Lloyd Blankfein, Goldman Sachs' ceo, said in a 2012 interview by CBS News. At the time, Blankfein said entitlements like Social Security needed to be "slowed down and contained," since "we can't afford them." But Blankfein also said: "In the long run there has to be more revenue, and of course the burden of that revenue will be disproportionately taken up by wealthier people. That's just logical." Blankfein said that necessitated "more taxes on wealthier people," which later proved to be a Sanders' campaign plank.
In Sunday's debate, Sanders went on: "Secretary Clinton — and you're not the only one, so I don't mean to just point the finger at you, you've received over $600,000 in speaking fees from Goldman Sachs in one year. I find it very strange that a major financial institution that pays $5 billion in fines for breaking the law, not one of their executives is prosecuted, while kids who smoke marijuana get a jail sentence."
It's not news any more that few financial executives were prosecuted after the meltdown of 2007-08. (See ‘The Big Short.')
But did Clinton pull down all that much solely for Goldman Sachs speeches? If she spoke to company meets, say, 10 times in the year, that's $60,000 a talk.
Clinton was paid far more -- $225,000 a speech for 2013 appearances before the Goldman Sachs Group in Palmetto Bluffs, S.C., June 4; New York, Oct. 24; and Tucson, Oct. 29, according to a document her campaign released in July 2015.
Those speeches were among 41 that Clinton delivered in the year, ultimately fielding $9.7 mil­lion in speaking fees, the National Journal reported at the time. Clinton's "stand­ard rate ap­peared to be $225,000 for most speeches; her most ex­pens­ive ones were an ap­pear­ance for the Jew­ish United Fund/Jew­ish Fed­er­a­tion of Met­ro­pol­it­an Chica­go, for which she made $400,000, and one to Beau­mont Health Sys­tem in Troy, Mich., for $305,000," its story said.
In Sunday's debate, Sanders said a primary difference he has with Clinton is that he doesn't "take money from big banks. I don't get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs." He later said: "Can you really reform Wall Street when they are spending millions and millions of dollars on campaign contributions and when they are providing speaker fees to individuals? So it's easy to say, well, I'm going to do this and do that, but I have doubts when people receive huge amounts of money from Wall Street."
We asked Sanders' campaign about his speaking fees over the years and didn't draw a breakdown. By email, spokesman Mike Casca pointed out the senator's Senate finance filings as compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics.
In Sunday's debate, Clinton didn't speak to the fees nor did we hear back from her campaign when we emailed about Sanders' criticisms. Clinton's July 2015 press release was silent on her speaking fees though she then said generally: "We've come a long way from my days going door to door for the Children's Defense Fund and earning $16,450 as a young law professor in Arkansas—and we owe it to the opportunities America provides. I want more Americans to have the chance to work hard and get ahead, just like we did."
Meantime, we asked Goldman Sachs about what it paid Clinton and the 2012 loans that helped Cruz run for the Senate. By email, spokesman Andrew Williams did not mention Cruz or Clinton, writing: "We host hundreds of conferences around the world for our clients as do so many other companies competing for business. We all want speakers that will interest our clients. For example, we have hosted speakers at client events ranging from Derek Jeter to Misty Copeland to Elon Musk."
Now, what are you hearing that merits a fact check?
In the beginning of The Pirate Bay's history the site was in Swedish. It was made by Swedes for their community. Other countries had their own file sharing sites but they got shut down.
I remember when one of the biggest Spanish file-sharing sites was shut down. These file sharers had nowhere to go but The Pirate Bay (TPB). All of a sudden the top list of TPB was flooded with Spanish content except for one peculiar audiobook. It was a Swedish language course.
We decided to translate the site. Not just into English but into as many languages as possible. We found people from lots of countries to chime in and help. I remember the Portuguese translation especially interesting as it was carried out by a man from Brazil. We decided that we'd make two different buttons for the translation – one for Portuguese and one for Brazilian-Portuguese. These languages differ a little. The actual gettext translation file was the same though.
There were words that had never been translated to Portuguese before (like “seeder”, “leecher” and “torrent” as technical terms) and for us it was funny to see that Brazil, a former colony of Portugal, had a say in how their former mother state developed their native language.
The Swedish translation gave me a similar experience. A Finnish person did most of the translation. Finland, which was part of, and ruled by, Sweden for a very long time, still has Swedish as an official language. A few words in the Swedish translation of TPB were so new that they had to be invented. Some ended up in dictionaries.
And the same thing happened for the Norwegian translation. There are two of them, since Norway has two main languages. But the main Norwegian translation was done by a person who speaks the minority language (whom just happens to also be really good at the main language). It has an effect on how the language develops.
A few years later another thing made me think quite a lot. During the height of TPB's struggles I noticed that for the first time ever, more than 50% of the top 100 listing were things from India. Previously when TPB was localized for Sweden it felt natural that it had mostly Scandinavian or English things. But when it had become an international success, and the things being shared were not from where one thought they might be, it said something about the way the world is moving.
I just watched the movie India's Daughter. The movie is about a gang rape (and murder) in India in 2012. The first thing that struck me was that I wanted to put it up on The Pirate Bay's frontpage to make sure that people all over the world could see it – especially in India. Why? It's being censored there. It's a film that everyone needs to see. But not only is there a copyright issue, but there's also a country-wide ban on the movie. People have tried putting it up on YouTube multiple times, but YouTube always takes the movie down due to their need to follow court orders in India.
This all puts things into perspective for me. De-centralized file sharing by virtue of peer-to-peer technology is obviously a way to get important information in and out of countries in a time of need. It's a way to make sure that global data is not being blocked due to local corruption. It transcends the ideas of national borders. And it is highly political.
It has multiple angles. I understand now that one of the key reasons for the US to fight file-sharing might be that they don't want India to take over their place as the number one culture. If Bollywood passes Hollywood in interest, it will be a huge loss for the US.
I am also upset that no one in TPB is doing their part. No one cares about politics anymore. It's a technical site that is not helping a movement. I'm not talking about the file-sharing movement. But for me it's strange that TPB is not promoting India's Daughter to everyone globally. Especially on the international women's day.
Sharing is political. Words are political. Communication is political. And if we don't use the powers and voices we have, we're on the wrong side of the struggle.
Last year, I was tired of writing about the Padres. That was true for the year before and the year before that and the forever before that, but last year, I snapped. I wrote steaming words of bilious hate about the Padres, even though they're the answer on the "Name all 30 baseball teams!" Sporcle quiz that makes people give up. It was cathartic, but it was also embarrassing. I'm better now.
Except, if the Giants had to play the same Padres again, I'd probably streak myself in brown-and-yellow paint and roll around in a graveyard until the cops wrestled me away. If the team was still Alexi Amarista and eight Alexi Amaristas that were grown from slivers of the original Alexi Amarista, and if they still had the same damned bullpen of faceless, effective sliders, it would have broken me for good. No sane person can take 18 games of that every year.
Good news, then, everyone! These aren't the same Padres. This is a vastly different Padres team, completely unlike anything we're used to.
Bad news, though, everyone! They can probably hit the snot out of the ball, and they can still pitch. Maybe the dumb, boring Padres weren't so awful after all. Miss u, dumb, boring Padres.
We need to review the new Padres, then, and see how easy they are to dislike. Anger nourishes sports fans, even if that's primitive and distasteful. If disliking your rivals unreasonably is wrong, I don't want to be right. We need to go through these new Padres and see how unlikeable they are.
Justin Upton
Unlikablilty ranking from 1-10: 4
He's a familiar division foe, but it was hard to have a strong opinion of him, even when he was playing like an MVP with the Diamondbacks. You know, that one year. Upton is talented, young, flawed, and mostly invisible. He's never slapped you in the face with his natural ability, like Matt Harvey or Jose Fernandez, attention-powered contraptions from another planet. He just is.
And he's pretty good. He doesn't turn 28 until August, so he can get better. Upton is one of those players whose unlikeability is tethered to just how good he is. If he's hitting .280 with 20 homers, he'll just be another guy. If he's hitting .310 with 30 homers, you'll slowly start to loathe him. Look elsewhere for your serious loathing needs until then.
Matt Kemp
Unlikability ranking from 1-10: 7
Hey, those unlikability credits just transfer over from the Dodgers, one for one. How convenient!
Back when Yasiel Puig was a new phenomenon, we talked about how he was good for the rivalry, because if there's anything better than rooting for a jackass on your team, it's rooting against one on another team. During that discussion, Kemp's name came up:
If there weren't a Yasiel Puig, we'd have to invent him. And, to be honest, the invention would suck. The invention would be like boring ol' Matt Kemp. Who cares about Matt Kemp these days? Get out of here, Matt Kemp, you're bothering us, no one cares about you.
Pretty much. He's unlikable because he wore Dodger blue for so long, but that's about it. He even roots for the 49ers! Which makes him less likable, suddenly. Still, there are players who will never get rid of the Dodger stink, but whose only crime was rolling around in the Dodger stink for so long. At some point, with enough distance, they might even be ... almost cool. Davey Lopes is kind of cool. Sandy Koufax is really cool. It's rare, so rare, but possible.
It probably won't happen with Kemp, but he's not exactly a magnet for seething hate when he's away from the Dodgers. Not when you could be directing that hate toward Tommy Lasorda, forever and always.
James Shields
Unlikability ranking from 1-10: 4
He reminds you of his cousin Aaron Rowand just because, but Shields was really good to the Giants last year. He did more to help the Giants win a World Series than Jason Schmidt, for example.
I should write about Schmidt more. Dude was so good for a while.
Shields is cool, though. Would have been nice to see him in a Giants uniform, but apparently we have him and his name is Chris Heston and that's never ever going to change.
Will Middlebrooks
Unlikability ranking from 1-10: 3
I don't know a lot about him, but his overall skill set reminds me of Pedro Feliz without the glove, and that makes me nostalgic in all the right and wrong ways.
Derek Norris
Unlikability ranking from 1-10: 2
Remember when the A's were a billion times better than the Giants, and they were going to win six World Series before the Giants won their next one? It's happened a couple of times. This game was from 2012, and it put the Giants just a game over .500.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Still, how do you hate Derek Norris? He looks like a guitar player in Baroness. I like that band. I like Derek Norris. Until the next time he hits a game-winning home run, that is, but we're talking in general terms right now. The Padres should have signed A.J. Pierzynski.
Craig Kimbrel
Unlikability ranking from 1-10: 1
Oh, come on Padres. I love Kimbrel. He's one of the most exciting pitchers to watch of his generation, and he pitches like he's Roy Oswalt exposed to gamma rays. How dare you add him to the ranks of Vince Nickent and Danton Stinton and Scone Blisforth. Kimbrel doesn't belong with those people. He's a shining, bright star, and now I have to dislike him? Oh, that's going to be hard. Really, really hard.
Plus, Kimbrel makes me think of Travis Ishikawa taking a walk that sets up the Game 3 comeback and Bobby Cox pulling him for an inferior pitcher to play match-up with Aubrey Huff.
Your browser does not support iframes.
What gives, Padres? Where are the players to hate? You spent an offseason acquiring new faces, and none of them are particularly odious? None of them can even compete with Adrian Gonzalez or David Eckstein, much less Mat Latos or Scott Hairston?
This is very, very disappointing. Thanks for nothing, P ...
Wil Myers
Unlikability ranking from 1-10:
"Last year I came into spring training wanting to prove to everybody, wanting to prove to a new team what I can do," Myers said. "And this year I kind of came into spring training thinking I had already arrived and didn't really work as hard as I should have, like I did the year before."
Look at that guy. Here is our hope. Here is a chance for Puig South, a Padres player who makes you spit and curse like Latos used to. He's even dropped the extra consonant in his first name, just like Latos. He seems like a putz. He's probably going to be a putz. And he's going to be on the Padres for years.
The Padres aren't the same Padres, and for that, I'm grateful. The Padres should be better, and for that, I'm kinda annoyed. But there was also a chance that the Padres could be palatable on an individual basis, for the most part, and that was terrifying.
Here, friends, is Wil Myers. Get used to the snarl-smirk. It'll be here for a while. Thank goodness for that.
(Unless he's, like, really good. Because screw that.)
ADDS CONSUL 980 Terminal
The Consul 980 is a self-contained desktop unit, TTY compatible CRT display terminal. A total of 1920 characters can be displayed at once, following a basic format of 24 lines and 80 characters per line. All characters are in black ink and displayed against a white backdrop. Communications between the minicomputer can happen in primarily two ways: a character at a time (like a conversation), or through message blocks.
The Consul 980 was first introduced in July, 1974 at a price of $2,800, then known as the ADDS Consul 980 terminal. A new variant that was compatible with the IBM 3270 communications protocol was next introduced in April, 1975 at a price of $3,200, called the 980A. The 980B came next which was compatible with the Burroughs TD 700 or Burroughs TD 800. This was introduced in November, 1976 at a price of $3,200. Finally, the 980D was introduced in November, 1976 at a price of $3,225 and came along with a detachable keyboard.
A manual titled “How to use Consul 980 - A terminal operator's guide and interface manual”, catalog number “102712865” came with this piece. It was published by Applied Digital Data Systems, Inc. (ADDS) in September, 1976. It's 43 pages long and is a part of the Carl Baltrunas Collection, credited to the Gift of Carl Baltrunas. The lot Number is “X4293.2008”. The other is “ADDS Regent 30 – Consul 980 Mode 30/908 User Manual”, published in 1981. It's in good condition but there are no schematics or parts list with it. The part number for this is, “515-30021”.
References / Links
Despite the success of hosting the FIFA 2015 Women's World Cup, Winnipeg was not chosen as a possible venue for the men's soccer tournament in 2026.
Canada, the United States and Mexico submitted a joint bid to host the tournament. If it is successful 20 -25 venues will be a part of the final bid with 12 cities serving as host cities.
MORE: Excitement building in Winnipeg for Women's World Cup
The bid committee released its shortlist of 49 stadiums, including nine in Canada on Tuesday
Here's a list of who made the cut in this country.
Metropolitan Market Stadium Capacity Calgary, Alberta McMahon Stadium 35,650 Edmonton, Alberta Commonwealth Stadium 56,335 Montréal, Québec Stade Olympique 61,004 Montréal, Québec Stade Saputo 20,801 Ottawa, Ontario TD Place Stadium 24,341 Regina, Saskatchewan Mosaic Stadium 30,048 Toronto, Ontario Rogers Centre 53,506 Toronto, Ontario BMO Field 28,026 Vancouver, British Columbia BC Place 55,165
A release from the bid committee said even if a city is not selected to host matches, there may be other opportunities including team base camps or hosting major events such as the preliminary or final draw.
Cities on the shortlist will now have the chance to say if they are interested and to detail “transportation infrastructure, past experience hosting major sporting and cultural events, available accommodations, environmental protection initiatives, potential venues and more,” according to the release.
Here are the American and Mexican cities on the list of consideration.
Mexico (3 cities, 3 stadiums) Guadalajara, Jalisco Estadio Chivas 45,364 Mexico City Estadio Azteca 87,000 Monterrey, Nuevo León Estadio Rayados 52,237
United States (34 cities, 37 stadiums) Atlanta, GA Mercedes-Benz Stadium 75,000 Baltimore, MD M&T Bank Stadium 71,008 Birmingham, AL Legion Field 71,594 Boston, MA Gillette Stadium 66,829 Charlotte, NC Bank of America Stadium 75,525 Chicago, IL Soldier Field 61,500 Cincinnati, OH Paul Brown Stadium 65,515 Cleveland, OH FirstEnergy Stadium 67,895 Dallas, TX Cotton Bowl 92,100 Dallas, TX (Arlington, TX) AT&T Stadium 105,000 Denver, CO Sports Authority Field at Mile High 76,125 Detroit, MI Ford Field 65,000 Green Bay, WI Lambeau Field 81,441 Houston, TX NRG Stadium 72,200 Indianapolis, IN Lucas Oil Stadium 70,000 Jacksonville, FL EverBank Field 82,000 Kansas City, MO Arrowhead Stadium 76,416 Las Vegas, NV Raiders Stadium 72,000 Los Angeles, CA Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum 93,000 Los Angeles, CA (Inglewood, CA) City of Champions Stadium 100,000 Los Angeles, CA (Pasadena, CA) Rose Bowl 90,888 Miami, FL Hard Rock Stadium 65,326 Minneapolis, MN U.S. Bank Stadium 66,200 Nashville, TN Nissan Stadium 69,143 New Orleans, LA Mercedes-Benz Superdome 76,468 New York/New Jersey (East Rutherford, NJ) MetLife Stadium 82,500 Orlando, FL Camping World Stadium 65,000 Philadelphia, PA Lincoln Financial Field 69,596 Phoenix, AZ (Glendale, AZ) University of Phoenix Stadium 73,000 Pittsburgh, PA Heinz Field 68,400 Salt Lake City, UT Rice-Eccles Stadium 45,807 San Antonio, TX Alamodome 72,000 San Diego, CA Qualcomm Stadium 71,500 San Francisco/San Jose, CA (Santa Clara, CA) Levi's Stadium 75,000 Seattle, WA CenturyLink Field 72,000 Tampa, FL Raymond James Stadium 75,000 Washington, DC (Landover, MD) FedEx Field 82,000
A senior Pentagon official and a senior military official, both in Washington, said late Sunday that there were no American aircraft in the area and no American involvement in the attack. In fact, it would be highly unlikely for a single American helicopter gunship to carry out such an attack without one or more other aircraft nearby.
Photo
Last year, American commandos killed Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan, a wanted agent of Al Qaeda, in a helicopter raid not far from Merca. That swath of southern Somalia is widely believed to be a sanctuary for several wanted terrorists and insurgent leaders, including Omar Hammami, an American militant originally from Alabama who has steadily risen up the Shabab ranks and become one of the organization's top field commanders.
The Shabab, who have gained a reputation of ruthlessness for stoning adulterers and chopping off hands, control much of Somalia and have drawn increasingly close to Al Qaeda in recent months. At the same time, Somalia's internationally recognized transitional federal government, which has received tens of millions of dollars of American aid, is struggling to control a few blocks of the capital, Mogadishu.
Over the weekend, the government was hit by another potentially damaging blow. Ahlu Sunna Wal Jamaa, a powerful group of moderate Islamists, abruptly quit the government after having signed a power-sharing pact earlier this year.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
On Saturday, Sheik Abdullahi Abdirahman Abu Yusuf, a spokesman for Ahlu Sunna Wal Jamaa, announced, “We will not be part of the upcoming government, and we will not have any representatives as well.”
He said that “the government of Somalia is not committed to the defense of the people” and that Ahlu Sunna forces had been the only ones to repel the Shabab. Ahlu Sunna forces have driven the Shabab out of some areas of central Somalia while the transitional government forces have steadily lost territory to the Shabab, and, on many occasions, fled from the front lines instead of fighting.
The United States is now indicating that it may be shifting its strategy on Somalia.
On Friday, Johnnie Carson, the assistant secretary of state for African affairs, said that the United States, in addition to supporting the transitional federal government, will now be “pursuing a second track, which we think is also increasingly important, and that is we will work to engage more actively with the governments of Puntland and Somaliland.” (Puntland and Somaliland are two northern regions that are relatively peaceful.)
Mr. Carson added that the United States was also going to “reach out to groups in south central Somalia, groups in local governments, clans and subclans that are opposed to Al Shabab.”
What have you accomplished this week? Whatever it is, you don't come close to Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is alienating his own party? That's practically American tradition | James Nevius Read more
Trump has demolished his campaign, his brand and his party. He has squandered his vice-presidential pick and his convention, and several battleground states along with them. He picked several fights he could not win, and showed no sign of learning from his own failure.
It would be tempting to say this was just another week in the bizarre life of the Republican presidential nominee.
But it wasn't. This week was a decisive turning point in the 2016 election, and there have been remarkably few of them in an campaign that is supposedly volatile.
In fact, the volatility and unpredictability of this election doesn't come from polls or votes, but from the character of a single man: Donald J Trump. The real surprise of 2016 is how constant this contest has been.
Trump led the primary polls from the beginning and never lost his lead. He only surprised the chattering classes by defying their certainty that he would lose. That certainty was founded on nothing related to polling data, but rather their sheer disgust and disbelief with Trump's politics.
Having defied expectations once, Trump is now supposed to be able to defy polling gravity forever more. That would be a strange conclusion to draw from the primaries, but here we are.
Echoing the Trump campaign, the Fox News anchor Greta van Susteren distilled this position on Thursday, as she quizzed the poll-obsessed Karl Rove. “I see the rallies and they're big, and I see the poll numbers, and he's slipping in the polls,” she said. “I'm not so sure how accurate these polls are.”
It's a fact: Trump has tiny hands. Will this be the one that sinks him? | Dave Schilling Read more
Rove – the man who challenged the Fox News election desk as it called the 2012 election for Obama – was incredulous. “You're assuming first of all, the polls are not reliable – all of them – and second of all, that a better test of this is the size of the crowds he gets at his rallies, which are big and enthusiastic,” he explained. “But I would remind you in the closing days in the 1984 presidential campaign, Walter Mondale was drawing large and enthusiastic rallies as he went on to narrowly win one state.”
To put it delicately, this is a difficult moment in the education of Donald Trump. For a candidate who leads every stump speech bragging about his poll numbers, there is less and less material every day. Ergo the polls – just like the media, Clinton and democracy itself – must be crooked.
It would be nice to call this a logical fallacy, but those are two words that should never be placed within physical proximity of Donald J Trump.
“I see some great polls,” he told a rally in Virginia on Tuesday. “I see one from the Los Angeles Times, just came out, where we're ahead by four or five points. I see one from CNN where we're down. I think these polls, I don't know. There's something about these polls. There's something phony.”
That was the day after he told voters there was an even bigger problem with this confounding election. “I'm afraid the election's going to be rigged,” he told voters in Ohio. “I have to be honest.”
Calling Donald Trump: here's how to handle an infant heckler Read more
Those who live in the reality-based world are having an easier time understanding Trump's challenges. The simpler explanation is that he is losing because of his own performance and personality. As the saying goes, campaigns are like fish: they rot from the head down. This one stinks already and it's only the start of August.
Barack Obama put it more diplomatically at his pre-vacation press conference. “If Mr Trump is up 10 or 15 points on election day and he ends up losing, then, you know, maybe he can raise some questions,” Obama ventured. “That doesn't seem to be the case at the moment.”
No, it doesn't. In any campaign cycle, there are periods when the dynamic turns decisively in one direction. While the dynamic can shift more than once, as the cycle runs its course there are fewer and fewer opportunities to do so.
George HW Bush engineered one of those shifts after his 1988 convention, turning a 17-point deficit into an eight-point lead, backed up by devastating TV ads. Bill Clinton enjoyed one of those shifts in 1992 when Ross Perot initially dropped out of the race, and Clinton never really lost his lead again.
In 2004, John Kerry staged a decent convention and held a narrow lead, but was soon destroyed by a better Republican convention and the swift-boat attacks that followed. Four years later, Barack Obama didn't bury John McCain until the financial collapse that followed both conventions.
How does the past week of 2016 compare to those history-making moments in recent presidential history? Pretty favorably.
Trump miserably misjudged his dispute with the gold star parents of a fallen American soldier, Humayun Khan, who was Muslim. He drove a wedge between himself and the few Republican leaders who publicly tolerated his nomination. And he seriously undermined his own brand of patriotic nationalism, as well as his party's reputation for strength on national security.
The lasting impact of Trump's disastrous week came from its echoes of the Democratic convention. Each round of dispute with the Khan family only served to reinforce the criticism that he had sacrificed nothing. Each bone-headed response underscored Hillary Clinton's attack on his temperament and qualifications to serve as commander-in-chief.
In the middle of his own circular firing squad, Trump decided to shoot at the one unifying Republican who has politely ignored his insanity: House speaker Paul Ryan. Trump's support for Ryan's primary opponent was – like the construction of so many hideous Trump Towers – wholly unnecessary.
Ryan's response was to send out a fundraising email assuming Trump had already blown this election. “If we fail to protect our majority in Congress, we could be handing President Hillary Clinton a blank check,” the fundraiser said, echoing the congressional Republican party's abandonment of Bob Dole in the closing weeks of the 1996 election.
Of course, these aren't the closing weeks of the 2016 campaign. Trump could yet turn around his national polling deficit of up to 14 points. He could flip the polls in Florida (down four), Michigan (down nine), Pennsylvania (down 13) and New Hampshire (down 15). He could turn Georgia and Utah back into reliably Republican states again, instead of being dead-heat states.
But Trump only has one shot left to do that: the TV debates that start in another seven weeks. At the same time, history suggests that post-convention polling is remarkably stable stretching all the way into the final days of an election.
It's going to be a long, hot summer for the orange one.
The Solanaceae, also called the potato or nightshade family, includes a wide range of flowering plants, some of which are important agricultural crops. Tomatoes, potatoes, aubergines, peppers and wolfberries are all representatives of the family present on many tables across the world. Solanum is the largest genus of the family, and with 1500 species, is one of the largest genera of flowering plants. Solanum has 13 major evolutionary groups,or clades. This new study published in the open access journal Phytokeys offers a complete revision of all of the species of the Dulcamaroid clade, including the description of a new species endemic to the forests of Ecuador.
The species-rich genus Solanum has remained remarkably underexplored until relatively recently, despite the economic importance of some of its members such as potato (Solanum tuberosum) and tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) . A project funded by the United States National Science Foundation's Planetary Biodiversity Inventory program begun in 2004 sought to redress this situation by attempting to accelerate species-level taxonomy and at the same time prove a robust genetic background to the research. This research is a part of this effort, providing a revision of all the species of an entire clade of Solanum. Extensive and detailed, this study follows historical and taxonomic changes within the Dulcamaroid clade to provide detailed and very importantly community shared summary. Publication in PhytoKeys means the data from the in-depth taxonomic work will be shared with a wide audience who can re-use the data for further work with these plants.
"Work by participants of the 'PBI Solanum' project will result in a modern monographic treatment of the entire genus available on-line. This treatment is part of this collaborative effort."explains Dr. Sandra Knapp, the author of this extensive contribution.
Members of the Dulcamaroid clade are all woody plants and vary in appearance from shrubs to vines. Some are large canopy lianas, while other vining species are woody only at the base. All representatives have beautiful clusters of flowers varying in color from deep purple, through fuchsia and pale pink, to pure white. Species in the group are native to both the New and Old Worlds - with the highest species diversity in Argentina and Peru. Among the species included in this revision is the common European woody nightshade, Solanum dulcamara, distributed all over the northern hemisphere and having a long history of medicinal use.
The new species described in this revision, Solanum agnoston, discovered by Dr. Sandra Knapp, Department of Life Sciences, The Natural History Museum, UK, comes from the inter Andean valleys of Southern Ecuador and is only known from two collections. Many of the other species of the group are similarly rare - of the 45 species 14 are threatened or endangered. Two of the most well-known decorative representatives of the group featured in the study are S. crispum, also known as Chilean potato vine or Chilean nightshade, and S. laxum, commonly called potato climber or jasmine nightshade. Both of these species are native to South America - S. crispum from Chile and S. laxum from southern Brazil and Argentina - but are today cultivated all over the world.
###
Original Source:
Knapp S (2013) A revision of the Dulcamaroid Clade of Solanum L. (Solanaceae). PhytoKeys 22: 1, doi: 10.3897/phytokeys.22.4041
GSA releases statement on Old Post Office lease
March 23, 2017
WASHINGTON -- By letter dated March 23, 2017, the GSA contracting officer determined that the Trump Old Post Office, LLC is in full compliance with Section 37.19 of the lease.
The contracting officer's letter, including exhibits, is available in the GSA FOIA Reading Room.
The full language of section 37.19 is below:
No member or delegate to Congress, or elected official of the Government of the United States or the Government of the District of Columbia, shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom; provided, however, that this provision shall not be construed as extending to any Person who may be a shareholder or other beneficial owner of any publicly held corporation or other entity, if this Lease is for the general benefit of such corporation or other entity.
Additional Resources
###
After a decade of debate about how best to spend a bequest left to America from an obscure English scientist, President James K. Polk signs the Smithsonian Institution Act into law.
In 1829, James Smithson died in Italy, leaving behind a will with a peculiar footnote. In the event that his only nephew died without any heirs, Smithson decreed that the whole of his estate would go to “the United States of America, to found at Washington, under the name of the Smithsonian Institution, an Establishment for the increase and diffusion of knowledge.” Smithson's curious bequest to a country that he had never visited aroused significant attention on both sides of the Atlantic.
Smithson had been a fellow of the venerable Royal Society of London from the age of 22, publishing numerous scientific papers on mineral composition, geology, and chemistry. In 1802, he overturned popular scientific opinion by proving that zinc carbonates were true carbonate minerals, and one type of zinc carbonate was later named smithsonite in his honor.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Six years after his death, his nephew, Henry James Hungerford, indeed died without children, and on July 1, 1836, the U.S. Congress authorized acceptance of Smithson's gift. President Andrew Jackson sent diplomat Richard Rush to England to negotiate for transfer of the funds, and two years later Rush set sail for home with 11 boxes containing a total of 104,960 gold sovereigns, 8 shillings, and 7 pence, as well as Smithson's mineral collection, library, scientific notes, and personal effects. After the gold was melted down, it amounted to a fortune worth well over $500,000. After considering a series of recommendations, including the creation of a national university, a public library, or an astronomical observatory, Congress agreed that the bequest would support the creation of a museum, a library, and a program of research, publication, and collection in the sciences, arts, and history. On August 10, 1846, the act establishing the Smithsonian Institution was signed into law by President James K. Polk.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Today, the Smithsonian is composed of 19 museums and galleries including the recently announced National Museum of African American History and Culture,nine research facilities throughout the United States and the world, and the national zoo. Besides the original Smithsonian Institution Building, popularly known as the “Castle,” visitors to Washington, D.C., tour the National Museum of Natural History, which houses the natural science collections, the National Zoological Park, and the National Portrait Gallery. The National Museum of American History houses the original Star-Spangled Banner and other artifacts of U.S. history. The National Air and Space Museum has the distinction of being the most visited museum in the world, exhibiting such marvels of aviation and space history as the Wright brothers' plane and Freedom 7, the space capsule that took the first American into space. John Smithson, the Smithsonian Institution's great benefactor, is interred in a tomb in the Smithsonian Building.
Former Mountaineer and current member of the Seattle Seahawks Bruce Irvin tweeted out a heartfelt message of apology in the wake of his 4 game suspension by the NFL for performance enhancing drugs.
In the immediate aftermath of his 4 game suspension by the NFL for use of performance enhancing drugs, former Mountaineer Bruce Irvin issued an apology that was in line with the types of standard issue statements we see when things like this happen.
"I want to apologize to my teammates, coaches and Seahawks fans for making a mistake when I took a substance that is prohibited in the NFL without a medical exemption. "I am extremely disappointed in the poor judgment I showed and take full responsibility for my actions. I will not appeal the discipline and instead will focus my energy on preparing for the season so I can begin earning your trust and respect again. I look forward to contributing to the team the moment I return."
The statement was maybe more heartfelt than most, but smacked of the formulaic verbiage we see with these things taken straight from the sports agent boilerplate. Apologize to your team, apologize to your fans, outline what you did wrong, take responsibility and finally shift your focus to the future.
Rinse, lather, repeat.
Not an hour later, however, we got a reminder via Irvin's personal Twitter account - @BIrvin_WVU11 - of what makes him different. What has set him apart among the Mountaineer faithful as not just a special talent on the field, but a genuine and thoughtful young man off it.
The tweet from Irvin was elegant in it's simplicity. Not an entry on the Seahawk blog or an open letter on his personal site. Instead it was a lone image with no associated text - a simple screenshot of an entry Irvin created with the Notes app on his iPad. Given that it was something that folks not on Twitter might have missed, I thought I'd reproduce it here for you:
"It's crazy to see your name run across the ticker for negative things. I messed up and I feel so bad and have been depressed for weeks now. I've had sleepless nights because I knew when this came out, I would let so many people down, including myself. I have worked so hard to rebuild my image and it takes another blow. I see the negative comments and I see the positive and both drives me to come back and have a incredible season. To my real fans, I see the comments and I really appreciate it during this tuff time. Just shows people only love you when your on top, but when adversity hits they show their true colors. Once again, I'm sorry and take full responsibility for my actions. I will take this on the chin and move forward to become the best person on and off the field. 12th Man I'm sorry I let you down but I promise you when I come back --- all hell will break loose! West Virginia, I love u always and know you have my back and always will. Love on my fans and shout out to my haters I know you loving it right now! #comebackkid #12thman #WVU"
It was the type of genuine message we don't see much of in this era of sanitized images, spokesmen and Q ratings. From the first line, it was clear that Irvin sat down the minute the news broke, soaked it all in on the TV and simultaneously poured his heart out in words.
The best part of the message is you can literally feel him working himself out of the funk as he writes. First he's depressed at seeing his image tarnished, then he's thankful for support and mad at those who have abandoned him. Finally he moves on to the future, but this is no polite nod towards his comeback. No, by this time he's good and worked up and promises that when he returns "all hell will break loose!"
It was everything we Mountaineer fans love about Bruce. His lack of pretense and high level of energy, all let loose in an overwhelmingly positive message that set aside prepared statements vetted by the team and let us know exactly how he felt.
Bruce Irvin will be back, and quite possibly better than before, and for the man who's Twitter handle retains the WVU suffix over a year after he entered the NFL, Mountaineer fans will always have his back.
Get ready for hell.
The media seem allergic to reporting on the ongoing crisis in Venezuela. On June 12, protesters set fire to the country's supreme court, after it “voted to reject a motion that would prevent Mr. Maduro from rewriting the country's constitution,” according to The Telegraph. Yet, the morning and evening news shows of ABC, CBS and NBC failed to mention this major incident even once.
In addition to this incident, Reuters reported on June 15 that a prominent opposition leader in Venezuela was arrested, put on a military plane on May 3, and “has not been seen since.” This also has not, as of yet, been reported on by the networks.
This is just the latest in an ongoing pattern for these networks. Venezuela's president, Nicolás Maduro, has been steadily increasing his grip on the nation, but ABC, CBS and NBC have barely talked about either his abuses of power or the increasing protests by the Venezuelan people. An MRC study released on May 30 found that out of an estimated 50,000 news stories since the death of former-Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez, there have been only 25 stories on that country on the broadcast evening news shows. Even worse, only 7 of those even mentioned the word “socialism” – the root cause for much of the rampant poverty Venezuelans are forced to endure.
The motion that the Venezuelan supreme court rejected was filed by the country's chief prosecutor, formerly a Maduro ally, who now says that her family has been threatened since she voiced her opposition to the government.
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
A new chapter, but mainly bikinis
Bandai Namco has announced a landslide of DLC for the upcoming Tales of Zestiria, which doesn't release until October 16. Fortunately, some of that upcoming DLC is free for a limited time, but other bits aren't.
First up is the Exclusive Mystic Artes for Mikleo, Lailah, and Alisha. These are powerful abilities that can be used in battle and are included with the game for those who bought it via PSN.
Up next is an additional chapter focusing on the character Alisha. This is going to be free until November 18 through Bandai Namco's VIP Corner, which will let you redeem it on PSN. After that, tough luck but you'll have to buy it.
There's also a load of cosmetics, which inevitably includes school uniforms and swimming costumes. There's also the "free 23-skit" pack, which has 23 little funny animated scenes of the characters.
Bandai Namco has released a gargantuan image to show exactly what DLC is coming.
This is one of the less offensive examples of pre-release DLC discussions. All but two or three of them are simply cosmetic, and for the PlayStation versions cross-buy is enabled, so you'll have access to that content on both platforms.
It's an example of the art teams not having much left to do a certain point into the development of the game, and so they pump out silly little side bits like this. It'll depend on just how much they individually cost, which we don't know just yet.
It's not like some games (looking straight at you, Assassin's Creed: Syndicate) which have locked some of the most interesting bits of the game as DLC. But still, talking about DLC before you've even launched your game always rubs me the wrong way.
Tales of Zestiria launches on October 16 for PS3, PS4 and PC.
This is one of the less offensive examples of pre-release DLC discussions. All but two or three of them are simply cosmetic, and for the PlayStation versions cross-buy is enabled, so you'll have access to that content on both platforms. It's an example of the art teams not having much left to do a certain point into the development of the game, and so they pump out silly little side bits like this. It'll depend on just how much they individually cost, which we don't know just yet. It's not like some games (looking straight at you, Assassin's Creed: Syndicate) which have locked some of the most interesting bits of the game as DLC. But still, talking about DLC before you've even launched your game always rubs me the wrong way. Tales of Zestiria launches on October 16 for PS3, PS4 and PC.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Apr 2, 2014; New York, NY, USA; New York Knicks guard J.R. Smith (8) looks on against the Brooklyn Nets during the second half at Madison Square Garden. The New York Knicks won 110-81. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
New York Knicks' guard J.R. Smith have never been gun shy.
Smith his known for his ability to throw up several shots in a short period of time and has never been a model of efficiency.
On Sunday, in a 102-91 loss to the Miami Heat, Smith outdid anything he's never done in his career prior.
In fact, he outdid anything anyone's ever done by taking 22 3-pointers, a new NBA record.
.@TheRealJRSmith sets the NBA record for most 3-pointers attempted in a game. 22! #HeatCheck — FOX Sports: Hoops (@HoopsonFOX) April 6, 2014
Honestly, Smith's 3-point shooting was not the problem. He hit 10 of his 22 attempts, meaning he scored 30 points on those 22 shots. He did, however, make just one of his six 2-point attempts and despite taking 28 shots in a game, Smith did not attempt a free throw.
Smith also caused a few funny remarks from the NBA world on Twitter.
Honestly, I'm just surprised it took J.R. Smith this long to break the three-point attempts record. — Alex Kennedy (@AlexKennedyNBA) April 6, 2014
If my memory is correct, J.R. Smith took 28 shots, and literally none of them were in the paint. That's just awesome on so many levels. — Harlan Dodson (@DodsonTGWF) April 6, 2014
The record for most 3-pointers in a game is the most fitting one for J.R. Smith to hold. — Tim Bontemps (@TimBontemps) April 6, 2014
Smith is averaging 14.0 points, 4.0 rebounds and 3.0 assists per game this season.
POLAR. It's a pen. It's a stylus. It's a tool. It's a toy. And it won't even F up your phone and credit cards*! The modular writing implement, made of 12 cylindrical neodymium magnets stacked over a Pilot ink cartridge, provides just as much tinkering entertainment as it does scribble assistance. Take POLAR apart, flip and bounce its magnets' repellent ends, swap out the ink tip for the stylus' rubber version, slap it on your fridge for safe storage, or try throwing it at the flap of your Trapper Keeper and see if you can get it to stick. Such a simple idea, such endless ways to dick around and miss deadlines.
POLAR comes in Pure Silver and 24-Karat Gold finishes; excluding its magnets, each pen includes 4 steel components: cap; clip; tip; and stylus. All adhere to the magnets due to their nickel and iron content, and because neodymium got voted Most Popular at Rare Earth Minerals Camp this summer.
Pledge for your preferred POLAR pen/stylus model on Kickstarter through October 16, 2013, and check out more cool pens, modular fascinations, and feats of magnetism in Dude's Gift Guides.
*I amended a previous comment/bad joke I made about the POLAR after creator Andrew Gardner posted some feedback about the pen's magnets' non-effect on electronics and magnetized strips below. In short, even if the POLAR touches, rubs elbows, or knocks boots with your computer, cell phone, or VISA card, it will not ruin or alter them in any way.
December 2013 Update: Polar Pens vastly exceeded their crowdfunding goal and are now available for direct purchase--follow the link below.
MEEDJ – interact with the music you love: you're the DJ! MEEDJ is a DJ mixing console we created for people who want to easily interact with the music they love and to mix tracks like a DJ, having a simplified interface at their disposal. MEEDJ's value is the interface itself (developed with a professional DJ), the social features tightly integrated within the App and the strong social engagement metrics (GetAll bundle). You are the DJ! Just load two audio tracks from your music library (or from OneDrive) and start mixing them, by jogging, pitching and applying audio effects, loops, samples… All key features are at your fingertips! If you want you may also upload your work to the cloud and share it on social media. Once shared you can track (GetAll bundle) the feedback coming from social media for your mixes and playlists, thus getting an idea on how much they have been appreciated by your friends. MEEDJ is FREE for ever with Ads. Paid version (GetAll bundle) removes Ads and 15' recording limit, includes detailed social metrics, an amazing Sample Pad, additional audio filters, cool skins and much more. MAIN FEATURES: • Independent turntables with one-stop access to advanced audio features • Splitting: use one of the Out-channels for the preview • Free sound effects: Cue, Loops, Equalizer, Reverse, Flanger, Echo, Low Pass Filter, Band Pass Filter, High Pass Filter • Scratch / Pitch • Innovative and simplified DJ-interface, designed by a professional DJ, with a one-stop DJing experience • Unmatched sharing and upload capabilities • Channel splitting with preview on the device (pre-cueing) • Amazing Sample Pad: use up to 12 cool samples at a time, for your mixes, without leaving the app • Create, manage and organize your playlists • Integrated player for your tracks • Text to speech and voice recognition features to create effects and save them as samples • Load your tracks from your local Music Library and from OneDrive • Upload your playlists and mixed tracks to Microsoft OneDrive • Share your playlists and mixes on Facebook and Twitter • Share mixes on Sleeve Music and have the opportunity to showcase your work to a worldwide community of music lovers • Get the social engagement level (global visits, likes, reshares, favourites, retweets), for each of your shared playlists and mixes (Get All bundle) • Cool Skins (more coming soon) • New universal Windows 10 version (works on smartphones, tablets, desktops) • Voice commands integrated with Cortana for Windows 10 • Soon also available: Automix and Spotify Music integration… Please, feel free to contact us at support@meedj.com for any feedback, question or suggestion! Happy mixing with MEEDJ ;) --------------------- Follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/meedjapp and Like us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/meedjapp to get news about upcoming updates ;) ---------------------
Most folks now know that I'm a proud father of my 5th child, Nikoletta, born on Saturday, November 5, at 6:16 pm. She was 9 pounds 1 ounce. It's Baby #5 and most likely my last child (my wife said noooo more). We will see. LOL.
As I look back at the births of Kyra, Kody, Giulia'na and Sophia, I realize how Blessed I am. Each one of them is VERY special in so many different ways. I can't imagine my life without them. And even though I only get to see Kyra and Kody every 2-3 months, I love them every bit as much as my other 3 children. My only regret is that I was hardly ever home when Kyra and Kody were little ones. I was ALWAYS on the road wrestling for my tremendous fans. But I realize I can't change my past. I can only control what's in front of me now.
That's exactly how I handle my recovery from alcohol and prescription drugs. One day at a time. Stay clean today and only focus on that. Today!!!! My recovery has actually helped me to live my whole life that way. I only focus on the time I have “right now” with my wife and 5 children. It makes things less complicated and a lot more meaningful.
My family wasn't always my first priority. I used to put my family on the back burner, understanding that my career was more important. It's not. Did my career keep me focused on what's important? No. Did it keep me clean from alcohol and drugs? No. My family saved my life. I realized that I couldn't stay in recovery focusing only on my career. But staying clean for my wife and kids made it a lot easier for me. A REAL man is responsible for taking care of his own, being there for his family on every level: mentally, spiritually and physically…. to provide for, teach, support and Love all of his children and his better half.
The more children I've had, the more mature I have become. I “grew up” and I understood that what I was doing was “childish” (using alcohol and drugs). I know I can't keep having children (I'm approaching 48 years old), but the kids I have will keep me extremely busy and motivated. Family can make you feel like a king, and at the same time it can humble you and keep you grounded. THAT is exactly what I needed in my life. So if you're expecting a child or you already have children, remember how important it is to Love them and bond with them. Without Love, you have nothing. It's the most powerful thing on the planet. So Love your family (that includes your parents and other relatives) with everything you have. Life is short. Make it count by showing what is truly important. Family. It's true!
This report is for media and the general public.
The SMM monitored the implementation of the “Package of measures for the implementation of the Minsk agreements”. The SMM, based on its monitoring – which was restricted by third parties and by security considerations* – observed that fighting continued in areas around the Donetsk airport and Shyrokyne, east of Mariupol.
In Donetsk, the SMM monitored* a visit of representatives of the Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination (JCCC) to the remains of the Donetsk airport (10km north-west of Donetsk), where it observed the “emergency services” of the “Donetsk People's Republic” (“DPR”) and 20 captives, whom the “DPR” referred to as Ukrainian soldiers, searching for deceased Ukrainian Armed Forces soldiers in the area where the new terminal used to be. The SMM saw the recovery of one body, which was taken by the International Committee of the Red Cross for transportation to the morgue in Donetsk city. A member of the “DPR” said that this brought the number of bodies of Ukrainian Armed Forces soldiers in the morgue to 22.
While at the airport, between 12:30 and 15:00hrs, the SMM repeatedly heard single shots (over 50 rounds) from large-calibre sniper rifles, outgoing from 400m north of its location. The SMM could not ascertain the direction of the fire.
While at the railway station* (three kilometres north-west of Donetsk), between 10:00 and 10:20hrs, the SMM heard sporadic bursts of heavy-machine-gun fire, about 4km north of its location. The SMM could not ascertain direction or precise distance.
In “DPR”-controlled Horlivka* (45km north-east of Donetsk) the SMM met a person who identified himself as working for the “city administration”, who said that only half of the pre-conflict population of 300,000 was now living in the city. He said the area had not been shelled since 15 February. A priest and six residents of Horlivka, four elderly women and two middle-aged men, whom the SMM met, confirmed this. However, according to them, there were unexploded ordnances (UXO) in yards, cemetery, and at a bus stop.
Whilst in Pisky (government-controlled, 11km north-west of Donetsk) for about 20 minutes, the SMM heard around 20 incoming rounds, from an undetermined direction, consisting of 120mm mortar and 122mm tubed artillery.
In Luhanske (government-controlled, 55km north-east of Donetsk), a Ukrainian officer described the general situation as calm. However, according to him, attacks by small arms and light weapons (SALW) occurred on a daily basis, especially after dark.
Near Shyrokyne (“DPR”-controlled, 102km south of Donetsk, 20km east of Mariupol), the SMM noted that there was no longer a “DPR” checkpoint on the M14 road north of the village, but the road was blocked by a number of felled trees.* While in the area, the SMM met a “DPR” “commander”, who stated that between 20:30 and 22:30hrs on 16 March the area had been shelled with 82mm mortars. The SMM could see evidence of recent shelling and damage to three houses. There was UXO visible on the side of the road. According to the commander, after the shelling, an armed “DPR” member had been killed by sniper fire from a distance of 500m.
The SMM continued to observe the situation around Shyrokyne from a location between Sopyne and Lebedynske (both government-controlled, 99 and 83km south of Donetsk, respectively). On 16 March, between 12:45 and 17:30hrs, the SMM heard small-arms fire and mortar rounds of unknown calibre originating from south-east of its position. The SMM could not ascertain distances and direction of the fire due to strong wind. Starting from 17:05hrs the SMM heard 29 consecutive mortar rounds (82mm) originating from government-controlled territory, approximately 600m southeast of the SMM's position. These were followed by sounds consistent with mortar impacts hitting the northern outskirts of Shyrokyne at an estimated distance of 4km from the SMM's position. As the SMM left at 17:30hrs, shelling continued. At the same place on 17 March, between 7:52 and 12:29hrs, the SMM heard sounds consistent with 14 mortars (82mm and 120mm). The SMM could not ascertain distances and directions of the fire. The SMM observed one tank (T-64) stationary, south-east of its position. Between 13:45 and 15:00hrs, the SMM heard at least 17 mortar rounds (82mm and 120mm) assessed as originating from government-controlled territory, 600m south-east of SMM's position. At 16:15hrs, the SMM heard two outgoing mortar rounds (82mm). At 16:30hrs, the SMM heard around ten rounds of grenade launcher originating from the south-east, but could not ascertain distance and direction.
The SMM visited a Ukrainian Armed Forces checkpoint in Volnovakha (government-controlled, 47km south-west of Donetsk), which for some time was responsible for issuing permits for civilians to cross. The SMM had observed and the checkpoint commander confirmed that this process had stopped about one month ago. He said a new online system for issuing permits is being put in place. He said persons not carrying a permit are not allowed to cross the checkpoint.
On 16 March, at a “DPR” checkpoint in Zaichenko (“DPR”-controlled, 88km south of Donetsk), the “commander” told the SMM that a “military” truck transporting timber had been hit by an antitank wire-guided missile on 15 March, killing two and injuring one “DPR” armed member aboard. Escorted by the “commander”, the SMM reached the site of the alleged incident, 500m east of the checkpoint. The SMM saw 15 armed “DPR” members and five journalists from Russian Federation television channels. Inside the cabin of a military-type truck facing west were two severely burnt bodies. “DPR” members removed the bodies and covered them, as journalists filmed. The “commander” expressed particular frustration about the attack following the dialogue facilitated by the SMM for the demining of nearby Kominternove. (See Spot Report 9 March 2015.) He demanded that SMM members hand over mobile phones and vehicle keys to the SMM patrol leader and not move, adding that his personnel would shoot anyone who did not comply. The patrol leader was then forced to go with the commander to a nearby house. There, the patrol leader was shown the remnants of the missile that allegedly hit the truck.* The SMM was allowed to proceed after one hour.
The SMM revisited three Ukrainian Armed Forces storage sites for heavy weapons and found that all the weapons previously recorded remained in situ. Their locations comply with the respective withdrawal lines.
In Stanytsia Luhanska (government-controlled, 16km north-east of Luhansk), the SMM observed the planned transfer of 63 vulnerable people, such as persons with disabilities, elderly, orphans and women and children, over the bridge from Luhansk city into government-controlled territory. The process was organized by a Kharkiv-based non-governmental organization. Only eight elderly people were allowed to cross in private cars; later one mini bus with children was denied passage by the “Lugansk People's Republic” (“LPR”) at the checkpoint without explanation.
The SMM was denied access to a possible “LPR” “military” compound by an “LPR” member, who introduced himself as the commander of that compound. According to him, SMM must get an approval from both “LPR” “ministry of interior” and a “military commander” to access the facility.
The SMM visited the Ukraine-Russian Federation border crossing in Tymofiivka (62km north-west of Kharkiv). There, a deputy commander of the border guards told the SMM that, based on an order issued on 13 March, Russian citizens were not allowed to use Ivashky, Guriiv Kozachok and Oleksandrivka border crossings as of 16 March. He said Goptivka is the closest border crossing in the Kharkiv region where citizens of the Russian Federation can cross the border.
The SMM continued to monitor the situation in Dnepropetrovsk, Kherson, Odessa, Chernivtsi, Ivano-Frankivsk, Lviv and Kyiv.
* Restrictions on SMM access and freedom of movement:
The SMM is restrained in fulfilling its monitoring functions by restrictions imposed by third parties and security considerations including the lack of information on whereabouts of landmines.
The security situation in Donbas is fluid and unpredictable and the ceasefire does not hold everywhere. For this reason, the SMM requires security guarantees from “DPR” and “LPR” which are not always provided. Where such guarantees are limited to escorted movements, and escorts are not provided for all planned patrols or are delayed, this also represents a restriction of SMM freedom of movement.
In particular during the reporting period:
- Near a “DPR” checkpoint in Zaichenko (“DPR”-controlled, 88km south of Donetsk), the SMM was forced by the checkpoint “commander” to hand their mobile phones and vehicle keys to the SMM patrol leader and to not move, being threatened that they would be shot if they did not comply.
- At a government checkpoint in Hranitne (government-controlled, 57km south of Donetsk), on two occasions the SMM was refused passage, citing security concerns, although the SMM suggested the possibility to proceed with an escort.
- At a checkpoint in government-controlled Volnovakha (47km south-west of Donetsk), the SMM was asked about the nationalities of its members, but eventually did not disclose them.
- At a checkpoint in Pervomaiske (government-controlled, 85km south-west of Donetsk), the SMM was initially denied passage on the grounds that the checkpoint personnel did not have orders to allow the SMM to proceed. After 20 minutes the SMM was let through, but only escorted by Ukrainian Armed Forces personnel to a weapons storage site
- A former “DPR” checkpoint near Shyrokyne (102km south of Donetsk, 20km east of Mariupol) was replaced by felled trees blocking the road.
- Near the border crossing point in Izvaryne (“LPR”-controlled, 53km south-east of Luhansk), the SMM met an “LPR” patrol, which signalled the SMM to stop. An “LPR” “border guard” stated that the SMM must get authorization from the “ministry of state security” to be in the border area.
- At two checkpoints, in Novoaidar (40km north of Luhansk) and Shchastia (20km north of Luhansk), both government-controlled, the SMM was asked to disclose the nationalities of patrol members in order to be let through.
- The SMM was denied access to a possible “LPR” “military” compound by an “LPR” member, who introduced himself as the commander of that compound. According to him, SMM must get an approval from both “LPR” “ministry of interior” and a “military commander” to access the facility.
Ranking 20 Drugs and Alcohol by Overall Harm
Individual harm (such as dependence, mortality, and impairment of mental functioning) was considered under "harm to users," while "harm to others" (such as crime, environmental damage, and international damage) took into account the number and extent of others harmed by individual drug use. The two charts below illustrate the study's conclusions using a 100 point scale where 100 is the maximum harm and zero indicates no harm. The
The study concluded that alcohol was the most harmful drug overall (72 out of 100), followed by heroin (55 out of 100), and crack cocaine (54 out of 100). The most harmful drugs to users were crack cocaine, heroin, and methamphetamine (scores 37, 34, and 32, respectively), whereas alcohol, heroin, and crack cocaine were the most harmful to others (46, 21, and 17, respectively). Cannabis (aka marijuana) had an overall harm score of 20, putting it in eighth place behind amphetamine (aka speed) and before GHB (aka liquid ecstasy). The British peer-reviewed journal Lancet published a study titled "Drug Harms in the UK: A Multicriteria Decision Analysis" on Nov. 1, 2010 which ranked 20 drugs from alcohol to marijuana to tobacco based on harm factors.Individual harm (such as dependence, mortality, and impairment of mental functioning) was considered under "harm to users," while "harm to others" (such as crime, environmental damage, and international damage) took into account the number and extent of others harmed by individual drug use. The two charts below illustrate the study's conclusions using a 100 point scale where 100 is the maximum harm and zero indicates no harm. The first chart broadly illustrates all 20 drugs by "harm to users” and harm to others” while the second chart illustrates those drugs on 16 criteria from drug-specific mortality to dependence to family adversities.The study concluded that alcohol was the most harmful drug overall (72 out of 100), followed by heroin (55 out of 100), and crack cocaine (54 out of 100). The most harmful drugs to users were crack cocaine, heroin, and methamphetamine (scores 37, 34, and 32, respectively), whereas alcohol, heroin, and crack cocaine were the most harmful to others (46, 21, and 17, respectively). Cannabis (aka marijuana) had an overall harm score of 20, putting it in eighth place behind amphetamine (aka speed) and before GHB (aka liquid ecstasy).
I. 20 Drugs Ranked by "Harm to Users" and "Harm to Others"
II. 20 Drugs Ranked by Overall Harm along 16 Criteria
Source: David Nutt, Leslie King, Lawrence Phillips, "Drug Harms in the UK: A Multicriteria Decision Analysis," The Lancet, Nov. 1, 2010
People who view this page may also like: States Considering Medical Marijuana Legalization States with Legal Cannabidiol (CBD) Pharmaceutical Drugs Based on Cannabis Peer-Reviewed Studies on Medical Marijuana Should recreational marijuana be legal? – Pros & Cons
JAKARTA, Indonesia — The party had the feel of 1960s America, almost. A group of women, thrilled to get a break from the daily routine of hanging laundry and shuttling their children to and from school, sat in a circle, listening to a friend hawk plastic storage bowls in a dizzying array of pastels.
Some shushed babies on their laps; others occasionally leaned in for juicy pieces of news.
The women were, in fact, at a modern-day Tupperware party in the company's biggest market. The twist? That market is halfway around the world from the product's Massachusetts birthplace — in Indonesia.
Once a fixture in middle-class American kitchens, Tupperware has become a bit of an afterthought in its home country even as its popularity has risen abroad. (Germany was the top marketplace until Indonesia slid past it two years ago.)
Indonesia is, in many ways, in Tupperware's sweet spot. As the economy has taken off in recent years, an expanding middle class now has more disposable income for containers of all shapes and sizes that are sturdier than those found in local markets. And, as in the 1960s America, many women stay at home to keep house and raise their children, creating a captive audience for parties run by saleswomen who have begun to sidle past conservative social mores and into the work force.
WASHINGTON -- The Penguins are a deeply flawed team.
As I type this late Wednesday night, out on the street behind me, hundreds of their most passionate fans, some of them ex-pats, some of them nutcases with unlimited gas budgets, are singing in joyful unison on the steps of the nearby National Portrait Gallery:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gqg5TxvoRGg
This is now, of course, a tradition when the Penguins win here at Verizon Center, as they did by a 3-1 count over the Capitals. And this one, I dare say, deserved it.
Beau Bennett buried his own rebound early in the third period in his first game in two weeks after hurting his arm -- as only he could -- by celebrating a goal.
And yes, he lived to tell. Even joke.
"Kept my arms in tight for this one," Bennett cracked.
To continue reading, log into your account:
Every single day I am impressed by people who read Geeks Are Sexy. You ladies and gents are insanely creative/funny/smart/otherwise awesome. I can't get over it.
These pics landed in my inbox recently from one Joshua Hart. At first blush, I thought, “Oooh, nice steampunk.” But then I read the explanation of said nice steampunk, and after I lifted my jaw from the floor I caught a pneumatic tube and shot over here to tell you all about it. I'll let Joshua explain:
Meet Joshua Hart's alter ego, the Baron, Baron bon Bar. This is the Alice line of products that I make, Alcoholic libation inebriation cavorting equipment. In my hands is the Shot gun, on my belt is a full bar, with 8 types of alcoholic beverage and mixers in the bandoleer and on my back is the ever popular triple A, the autonomous alcoholic apparatus, also affectionately know as the BarBac. This device carries 2 gallons of Liquor that pumps out to a glove on my hand. Its all fully functional and I can carry over 4 gallons of booze on a good night.
On top of being ridiculously awesome, the shots he sent are also top-notch. Well done, sir, and thank you.
Bill Clinton
Name: William Jefferson Clinton Preferred Name: Bill Clinton Date Of Birth: Aug 19th 1946 Place of Birth: Hope, Arkansas, United States Nationality: USA Gender: Male Matches: 0 (0 Pay Per View) Ring Name(s): Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton Promotion Search: All
Year Search: All
Matches Shown: 0 to 0 of 0 ( first  prev  next  last ) ... Results per page: 10  25  50  100  250  Sort: newest first  Title Matches: Click to View Sorry. No title matches for Bill Clinton yet.
card/ date match match type title(s) No matches for Bill Clinton found 0 to 0 of 0 () ... All ... oldest first ...
To show more matches, change the "Results per Page" value above.
this page (http://www.profightdb.com/wrestlers/bill-clinton-5974.html)
the Internet Wrestling Database homepage (www.profightdb.com)
When using information on this webpage elsewhere, please include a link to either of the following:Thanks!
BY: Follow @MaryLouByrd12
On Monday, Ohio University settled a First Amendment lawsuit filed by a student after he and members of his group were ordered to stop wearing T-shirts that said, "We get you off for free"—a promotion for his group, Students Defending Students.
Isaac Smith, associate director of SDS, filed the lawsuit against OU last July, saying his free speech was violated after administrators told him and fellow members of SDS, "I don't want to see you wearing that T-shirt again."
The administrators claimed the slogan "objectified women" and "promoted prostitution."
"I was surprised at what a silly statement that was," Smith told the Washington Free Beacon. He said the slogan, "was a joke, a funny joke" and he was shocked someone found it offensive. "We were all taken aback," he said.
SDS gives free assistance to students accused of disciplinary infractions at the university.
The T-shirt slogan has been around since the 1970s.
Smith and SDS members complied with OU's order because they feared disciplinary action. They also feared punishment if they failed to obey a "legitimate directive" from an administrator, the suit states, because "the same university officials who told them not to wear the T-shirt would determine whether that directive was ‘legitimate.'"
Backed by the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education and represented by Davis Wright Tremaine, Smith filed the lawsuit against Roderick J. McDavis, president of OU; Jenny Hall-Jones, associate vice president for Student Affairs and dean of students; and Martha Compton, director of the Office for Community Standards and Student Responsibility.
As a result of the settlement, Smith said he feels vindicated.
"It's been an exciting start to the week," Smith said. "The outcome is definitely a favorable outcome."
"It's vindicating because I knew the university didn't have the authority to tell us not to wear the T-shirt," said Smith. "It got to the point the only way we would get the university to get what we wanted was through a lawsuit," Smith said.
When asked if he planned on wearing the T-shirt once again, Smith responded, "Of course."
SDS has actually seen an upswing in popularity as a result of the lawsuit.
"Now more people are more aware of SDS and we've gotten a lot of clients," Smith said. "Everybody is excited about this in SDS." He added that students across campus have been "overwhelmingly positive" about the outcome.
FIRE said OU's speech codes were too vague. The university's Student Code of Conduct forbids any "act that degrades, demeans, or disgraces" another student.
"This prohibition strikes at the core mission of any university educating students. Someone could violate this policy for using any language an administrator considers to be demeaning, degrading, or disgraceful," the lawsuit stated.
"This could include pointing out a logical fallacy in another student's argument or error in a mathematical problem. Student discussions concerning any of our country's most pressing political, moral, and social issues could trigger enforcement, where one participant (or simply someone within earshot) to feel ‘degraded, demeaned, or disgraced,' no matter how unreasonably. Under this subjective, unbounded policy, a debate about same-sex marriage, immigration policy, philosophy, or feminism could easily constitute grounds for punishment," the lawsuit said.
As part of the settlement agreement, OU is amending its student code of conduct. It will also pay $32,000 for damages and attorneys' fees.
"The university shall adopt and enforce a revised Student Code of Conduct policy … to be effective August 19, 2015," the settlement says. The university must revise its current code within 10 days until the new code of conduct is adopted.
"Because of Isaac Smith's willingness to stand up for his constitutional rights, OU has revised its vague speech codes," said FIRE president Greg Lukianoff. "For too long, universities have engaged in censorship with little or no fear of repercussions. FIRE is bringing that era to an end."
Rather than trying to sell everyone a smartphone that's good at everything, LG has launched a new series of phones that each excel in only one particular area — that way, you can get the feature you want the most, without spending too much. The LG X line of phones launched earlier this year with two options, the X Cam and X Screen, and now LG is announcing another four options: the X Power, X Mach, X Style, and X Max.
LG's first two X phones were mid-range Android devices with generally unimpressive specs that promised to make up for their shortcomings by bringing one premium feature each down to a much less expensive market. LG hasn't announced the specs or pricing for these four new phones, but it sounds like they're part of that very same mission. Point being, don't expect the specs to blow you away — they're really just meant to be good enough to get by in a crowded market.
Where the four new X phones stand out is their individual higher-end attributes:
The X Power puts a 4,100mAh battery into a 7.9mm-thick phone with fast charging capabilities, which together is meant to keep the phone running for longer than your average smartphone. (For comparison, the LG G5 has a 2800mAh battery.)
The X Mach is all about faster speeds, both for processing and wireless data. LG might be stretching things a bit here — it only claims to offer a "speedy 1.8GHz processor," which doesn't get us too excited — but the networking side is a bit more serious. It includes Category 9 LTE, which can attain faster download speeds by working across different stretches of airwaves.
The X Style has an "extra-slim body" and "gracefully curving lines," although LG doesn't state exactly how thin the phone's body is or exactly how graceful the phone's lines are.
The X Max has a "large display." That's it. That's all LG has to say for now. Apparently it doesn't even want to share how big the screen is yet.
LG hasn't released photos of all four phones, either. The four above appear to all be color variants of the X Power. The two below are the X Power, again, in blue, and the X Mach in white.
No pricing or release dates have been announced.
Article Body
​​​​​​​​​​
New policy statements urge strong regulations of e-cigarettes, noting increasing popularity among teens; AAP recommends restricting age of sale for all tobacco products to 21
WASHINGTON, DC – While adolescent use of tobacco has declined since the 1970s, it remains a persistent public health problem – and e-cigarettes are threatening to addict a new generation to nicotine. In a comprehensive set of policies issued during its National Conference & Exhibition, the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) presents extensive recommendations to protect our nation's youth from the pernicious effects of tobacco and nicotine.
The AAP now strongly recommends the minimum age to purchase tobacco products, including e-cigarettes, should be increased to age 21 nationwide.
"Tobacco use continues to be a major health threat to children, adolescents and adults," said Karen M. Wilson, MD, MPH, FAAP, chair of the AAP Section on Tobacco Control and section head of Pediatric Hospital Medicine at Children's Hospital Colorado. "The developing brains of children and teens are particularly vulnerable to nicotine, which is why the growing popularity of e-cigarettes among adolescents is so alarming and dangerous to their long-term health."
The AAP recommendations are contained in three policy statements announced on Monday, Oct. 26 and published simultaneously in Pediatrics. The statements outline recommendations for public policy changes, clinical guidance for physicians to counsel families on reducing exposure and dependence on tobacco, and recommendations for the regulation of e-cigarettes​. A companion technical report provides a review of the scientific evidence that supports the recommendations.
The AAP urges the U.S. Federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to regulate e-cigarettes and other electronic nicotine delivery systems the same as other tobacco products. This includes age restrictions, taxes, bans on advertising to youth, and bans on flavored products that are particularly attractive to youth.
Child-resistant packaging is critically needed to protect curious young children from exposure to liquid nicotine, according to the AAP. Liquid nicotine is extremely toxic; as little as half a teaspoon can be fatal if ingested by an average sized toddler. In 2014, there were more than 3,000 calls to U.S. poison control centers for liquid nicotine exposure, and one toddler died.
The AAP recommends smoke-free laws that already govern secondhand smoke be expanded to include e-cigarettes. The aerosol emitted from e-cigarettes is not harmless; it contains a variety of toxic chemicals, including some carcinogens and significant amounts of nicotine. Parents should not use e-cigarettes around their children, according to the AAP.
There is no scientific evidence that supports the efficacy or safety of e-cigarettes as a tobacco dependence treatment product. In fact, e-cigarette use among teens is associated with a higher likelihood of using regular tobacco and lower rates of smoking cessation. In 2014, more young adults reported using e-cigarettes than any other tobacco product. Pediatricians should screen and counsel children, adolescents, parents and caregivers for e-cigarette use.
To reduce the number of young people who begin to smoke or use other tobacco products, the AAP recommends regulations that will increase prices on tobacco products. Smoking and other tobacco products that produce toxic emission should be prohibited in all workplaces, including bars, restaurants and health care facilities, and they should be banned in places where children live, learn and play, including sidewalks, recreational and sports facilities, entertainment venues, parks, schools and dormitories, and multi-unit housing. Smoke-free homes and smoke-free vehicles should be promoted.
Pediatricians should counsel parents and caregivers who smoke about quitting, and should provide advice to all children and adolescents on the dangers of tobacco use before they experiment with smoking. Tobacco smoke exposure harms children from conception onward. There is no safe level of tobacco or tobacco smoke exposure.
"Tobacco is unique among consumer products in that it severely injures and kills when used exactly as intended," states the AAP policy statement, "Public Policy to Protect Children From Tobacco, Nicotine, and Tobacco Smoke." "Protecting children from tobacco products is one of the most important things that a society can do to protect children's health."
###
The American Academy of Pediatrics is an organization of 64,000 primary care pediatricians, pediatric medical subspecialists and pediatric surgical specialists dedicated to the health, safety and well-being of infants, children, adolescents and young adults. For more information, visit www.aap.org or follow us at @AmerAcadPeds.
Graphics Chip Designer Bolts Apple to Rejoin AMD
Another chip designer has left Apple for chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices.
According to a report by Anand Lal Shimpi on AnandTech.com, Raja Koduri, who spent the last four years at Apple overseeing its graphics chip work, has rejoined AMD.
The move follows a similar one last year by Jim Keller, who had been Apple's chip design guru working on its mobile A4, A5 and A6 chips that go inside the iPad and iPhone.
In his last stint at AMD, Koduri (pictured) was CTO for graphics and worked extensively on some of its best graphics products. His new job will be corporate vice president of visual computing, and he'll be responsible for both the hardware and software sides of AMD's graphics efforts.
“This is a great hire for AMD,” analyst and former AMD executive Patrick Moorhead told AllThingsD. “Raja did great things when he was at AMD and then played a huge role in making Apple's mobile graphics the fastest in the industry. It's also a huge loss for Apple, and it seems to be losing some very good talent these days.”
Koduri has also taken a role with an India-based graphics chips outfit called Makuta VFX as a technical adviser to its board of directors.
Before AMD, Koduri worked at ATI, the Canadian graphics chip company that AMD acquired in 2006, and before that he worked at S3, another graphics chip company.
How many times do we have to say it? San Francisco, stop pissing on your city.
A streetlight fell down Monday night in the city's Nob Hill neighborhood, narrowly missing a driver. The streetlight was old, officials said, but its metal base was also heavily corroded. Corroded by pee.
Advertisement
Public urination is such a problem that the city's utilities commission is mounting a visual check of all 25,000 streetlights. And urine-soaked lamp posts aren't the only infrastructure being undermined. The city recently finished painting nine walls with hydrophobic paint designed to repel the piss of people who treat the city like their own personal urinal.
Okay, but surely we can't just blame humans for this—what about all the dogs?
“We believe there was some contribution of dog or human urine on the base of the pole,” PUC spokesman Tyrone Jue said. “It has actually been an issue for us in the past. We encourage people and dogs alike to do their business in other places, like a proper restroom or one of our fire hydrants, which are stronger and made out of cast iron.”
Advertisement
You hear that, Frisco? Please pee on the fire hydrants instead.
[SF Gate]
A couple of folks were discussing the need for a Lisp equivalent to Ruby's Ruby Quiz the other day on LispForum. Ruby Quiz was a great way to learn Ruby. It presented a series of programming tasks that were somewhere between a simple exercise at the back of a textbook and a full ICFP Programming Contest challenge. The goal was to give budding Rubyists a meaty problem on which to test their skills, while not serving up something so difficult that it would take weeks to accomplish.
Well, I'm pleased to say that yesterday we took the plunge with the first quiz. The challenge is to write a simple algorithm (AI?) for playing Minesweeper. The game engine is delivered as part of the challenge, so there is no need to actually worry about the mechanics of Minesweeper. Just focus on creating an algorithm that will work its way through the minefield without choosing a mine.
The 48-hour No-Spoiler Period expires at ~5:00 PM PDT tomorrow. Check out LispForum to post your solution or discuss others.
Monday on CNN's “Situation Room,” while discussing President-elect Donald Trump's tweets about China and his phone call with Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA) said Trump was “using levers” of power against China.
Issa said, “I think a better way to put it is President Obama announced and began a pivot to Asia. That was really about Japan and other countries seeing China as an emerging power that was beginning to threaten a status quo, that had military and economic reach intent, and nothing has changed as a result that declaration by Obama.”
“With President-elect Trump what you are seeing is he is using levers,” he continued. “We can disagree if they are wrong or they are right but he is clearly using levers. The meeting with Japan's leader, the call from Taiwan's leader, and a recognition that China is not the only place there are levers of power in Asia, and I'll tell you, I would rather use the levers he just used than a military lever.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Preface
The training room was empty in the early hours of morning darkness as Yew'na entered through a sliding side door barefoot, tip-toeing up the worn redwood steps which led to the canvas sparring area. Taking the first turn she loped down the ornate paper hallway toward the iron-barred chest at the far end. Beyond the lock was her prize: a coveted and priceless ancient sword constructed during the Mar Yhain dynasty of the First Age, before that knowledge was forever lost.
Imbued with a deep and forbidding power, the azure crystal blade would never chip, its edge never dull. The most treasured possession of the Maitsialong House of Honorable Fighting and Theater, of which Yew'na had been a ward and student for fifteen years — most of her life. Yet that all ended tonight. For not simply would she run away, she would steal their most valuable item, their very heart.
She'd taken the key from the neck of the abbot, the final time she would share his bed. For too many years he'd manipulated her. The favors promised but never arriving; help forever ungiven as merely the rumor of their relationship generated endless scorn and resentment among her classmates. At first she'd spurned his advances and been labeled a whore for her trouble. Finally relenting to his desires, she'd proved it.
Exhausted by the bullying, consumed by the mockery, she became filled with a constant burning indignation. In the practice arena she could defeat every member of her rank, and more than a few above her, yet they still despised and tormented her at every turn. She was ostracized by nearly everyone, rejected from even the smallest moments of pleasure and affection. Only one ally ever she'd had, one friend and one love, the lone mate to her soul: dearest Go'wann'gi. The only person who'd ever cared one inch for her well-being. So when last night Yew'na learned of her humiliation and death, the decision was finally made.
Now having become more miserable, more utterly alone than she'd been in her entire dejected life, nothing could prevent her escape but death, a freedom she would gladly welcome as relief from the endless torment. Only vengeance narrowly prevented it. More necessary now than even the solace of void: they must be made to understand; to know what they've done; and they must pay. The fresh depths of her misery granted a new clarity and brutal freedom. While the abbot bled to death in his bed, neck opened, she pulled the sword from its cradle, dropped a candle onto the spilling lamp oil slowly covering the floor and away she fled.
* * *
He'd always been the strongest. Always been the biggest. No one had tried to fight him in years. Most people in their small village stopped talking to him after twelve when his horns began to grow. It wasn't until his thirteenth birthday that his mother finally admitted the obvious: he was not entirely human. She wept as she told him.
He'd never known his father and she refused to speak of him. She merely confessed that he was indeed some part Aardish. Crying often, apologizing and shamed, she made it difficult to ask more. But over the next few years as his skin began to tinge blue he realized he was probably as much Aard as Man. It was hard to believe he was only a quarter, as she originally claimed. Aards are triple the size of a human, and young Yjormachiah was seven foot tall and muscled like a bull before he was fourteen. He'd always stood out in their rural town, and although he tried to be kind and generous, it was impossible not to intimidate people, especially with six jutting curving horns coming out his head, parting his hair, and shedding bloody velvet each spring. He'd long known he would have to leave, but was unsure where to go. He asked the gods for guidance and trusted himself into their providence as he set out into an unaccommodating world.
* * *
Being a diplomat was not an enjoyable occupation for Ibn Mal'Isho Alwae-Hinshin, as he had only ever longed to study and travel. He'd been reading about foreign lands for most of his life and now finally decided it was time for a serious journey into the unknown dangers of the rustic north. Exactly as he'd told the Court Librarian and Court Astronomer, his best friends, the night before he left. Though he purposefully neglected to tell the Emperor, for fear he would not be allowed to leave. Perhaps he was deserting his duties and might be reprimanded upon his (hopeful) return. But his aim was only for knowledge, and that would aid the crown. He hoped His Excellency would understand. Ibn had tutored the young prince for many years before the boy had ascended the throne. He knew there was still affection there, although the Emperor now rarely showed it. Perhaps that's why he was leaving now. When not in favor, courtly life becomes a daily struggle. He hoped there was enough good will to avoid a death sentence — these days being handed out all too casually. But after all, the world is a very dangerous place, and he might never return. Yet, to be safe, he left in the middle of the night.
He planned to write a detailed account of his travels, and hoped it would please the Emperor (and maybe grant himself some scholarly fame as well). He expected to be gone for many years and perhaps the current regime would not even last that long. Politics being quite rapacious in the Matashaadian Empire, each noble family rarely ruled for more than a couple generations. There were so many lords and barons, so many fiefdoms and duchies, that prolonged dynastic rule had been absent for hundreds of years; much to the detriment of the Empire, or so people often said, usually right before and after each violent coup.
Now Ibn would cross the wide sea and travel north along the fragmented and dangerous trade routes in hopes of learning some truth about the northern wonders only vaguely described in books. He planned to uncover the secrets of these lands while having all the many wondrous adventures he anticipated of the exciting open road.
Calderon: Drug consumer countries ‘morally obliged' to cut demand; consider ‘market alternatives'
It turns out Mexican President Felipe Calderon's statements on U.S. television hinting at drug legalization this week were a preview of his UNGA speech, in which he suggested "market alternatives" to drug interdiction and singled out the United States specifically. A full text isn't posted yet so these quotes are all from my rushed transcription.
After discussing the Arab Spring, Calderon pivoted, saying, "We have to be aware that organized crime today is killing more people and more young people than all the dictatorial regimes in the world."
He continued:
"More than ever, consumer countries, where drugs are consumed, must take effective action to radically cut demand. I will be told that this is not possible. That the demand for drugs continues to rise, as indeed is the case here in the United States, where nearly 30 percent of young people consume drugs. What is the solution?[…] Consumer countries are morally obliged to reduce the vast economic demand. If you can't cut it, cut the economic profist. You have to find how to staunch this this demand. Seek out all possible options, including market alternatives, so that drugs trafficking ceases to be a source of violence in Latin America and the Carribean and several African countries.
As if noted before, Latin American heads of state including Calderon's predecessor Vicente Fox tend to become born-again legalizers after they leave office, perhaps since they're no longer feeling the pressure from up north.
A sitting, center-right Mexican president making a speech in New York calling for "market alternatives" to combating drug trafficking would seem to be a pretty major development.
The flow of immigrants to Europe stems from the Western states' military interventions in Iraq, Libya and Syria, which have contributed to the emergence of terrorist groups in the Middle East, Czech President Milosh Zeman told local media.
“The current wave of migration [to Europe] is rooted in the crazy [US] idea to launch an intervention in Iraq, which allegedly had weapons of mass destruction, but nothing was found,” Zeman said in a video interview with the Czech Repubic's Blesk newspaper published on Sunday.
On top of this, the US' desire to “restore order” in Libya and Syria only resulted in the escalation of conflicts in both countries and the emergence of terrorist organizations, prompting people to flee the area, Zeman said.
He added that not only the US was to blame for the migrant chaos, but its Western allies that helped to “coordinate operations in Libya” as well.
He announced his intention to speak at the regular session of the UN General Assembly later this year and propose that the UN create military units to destroy terrorist training camps.
READ MORE: Police use force to separate pro and anti-migrant rallies at British Eurotunnel terminal
Zeman also lashed out at immigrants on Sunday after tensions at a refugee detention center in the Czech Republic's northeast prompted police to use tear gas. About 100 illegal immigrants waiting for deportation staged a demonstration on Friday, damaging the building of the center, according to local authorities.
"No one invited you here. But now you are here, you must respect our rules, as we respect the rules when we go to your country," the president said.
According to police, 3,018 illegal migrants have been intercepted by Czech law enforcement so far in 2015. The figure is almost 50% higher than in the first half of 2014.
Meanwhile, late on Saturday, about two hundred migrants, according to AP estimates, once again stormed the Eurotunnel terminal near the French port town of Calais in a bid to reach the UK. Police reportedly stopped the crowd by using a chemical irritant. More than a hundred attempts to enter the tunnel have been documented by security forces in this week alone. A man was fatally hit by a truck during one of attempts.
READ MORE: Sweden's 3rd largest city hit by multiple blasts, police plead for help to tackle violence spike
The chaos in Calais, where thousands of migrants have been making nightly attempts to access the Eurotunnel terminal, has shown “a system that is breaking down,” Morgan Johansson, the Swedish justice and migration minister, told BBC Radio 4's World This Weekend.
He accused Britain of failing to “take the responsibility that they should,” and criticized Prime Minister David Cameron for the wording he uses with regard to migrants.
“I hear what he is saying about ‘illegal immigrants' and ‘swarms' and I think he is trying to divide people, that that is not a constructive way.”
The refugee camp set up near Calais, dubbed the “Jungle,” houses up to 10,000 immigrants. Xavier Bertrand, French MP and mayor of the northern city of Saint-Quentin, who is familiar with the situation, told RT the conditions at the camp “are severe.”
In light of the PM's comments yesterday, sharing this again. Which countries in Europe get the most asylum seekers? pic.twitter.com/G8XAHA7DkJ — Refugee Action (@RefugeeAction) July 31, 2015
British Home Secretary Theresa May and French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve have stressed that resolving the crisis and stopping the flow of immigrants is their “top priority,” Britain's Sunday Telegraph and France's Journal du Dimanche reported. The two top officials also urged to the EU to “address this problem at root.”
“We must break the link between crossing the Mediterranean and achieving settlement in Europe for economic reasons,” they added.
Under the Le Touquet treaty signed in 2003, the British border was moved to French Calais and British border control was stationed at French ferry terminals. This was done as part of an effort to close the infamous Sangatte refugee camp and stop the flow of illegal immigrants from reaching the UK to claim asylum.
French officials have made calls to scrap the agreement and move the border back to Dover and Folkestone. No official steps, however, have yet been taken.
In 2014, the UK received 31,400 asylum applications, while 63,100 were submitted to France and 81,300 to Sweden, according to data provided by the British Red Cross.
Q: Does the current Cavaliers run, predominately the LeBron James run, to the Eastern Conference finals begin to tarnish the contribution Pat Riley, Erik Spoelstra, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh made? In other words, LeBron is showing he can win without healthy All-Star teammates, a great coach, a great offensive and defensive scheme, a quality bench and a great owner. Maybe we need to re-evaluate our championship pieces? -- Stone, Miami.
A: I don't think it does anything to diminish the past. What I think it shows to this point is that the East was particularly down this season and that LeBron is more motivated than ever to justify his offseason decision. But, again, it's still early. The criticism came when LeBron lost the Finals with the Heat in 2011 and 2014, and even when he couldn't push Cleveland past San Antonio in his previous visit to the Finals with the Cavaliers. And I think the Heat would be the first to acknowledge that their previous championship pieces need more in support in the absence of LeBron. The hope is that Goran Dragic and Hassan Whiteside can provide that support, when available to the team over the court of a full season.
Q: I agree with you that if Erik Spoelstra wants to play the spacing game, he needs a legitimate 3-point threat or two or three. Danny Green is going to be a free agent and his defense is adequate. How would he fit into the system and the salary cap? Also, what do you think is his market value and will the Spurs let him go? -- Jason.
A: I think Danny has it too good in San Antonio, especially if Tim Duncan returns, to consider any other options if the money is close. And with the Heat having to prioritize Goran Dragic this offseason and perhaps Hassan Whiteside next summer, I'm not sure spending on a 3-point shooter would be a priority. With Chris Bosh and Josh McRoberts expected to make full returns, that's a pair of 3-point threats right there. Plus, Luol Deng was efficient from beyond the arc this season. I do think adding a lower-budget 3-point specialist for situational shooting would make sense, although I'm not sure James Jones is walking back through that door.
Q: In the draft we should pick Stanley Johnson. He's a good defender, he's athletic, and he shot a solid percentage from 3-point range. -- Dallas, Staten Island.
A: Based on where players are expected to fall at this stage, the question could be whether the Pistons nab him just ahead of the Heat. But Stan Van Gundy wouldn't do that to Erik Spoelstra, would he?
I am just back from another fantastic week at the HR Technology Conference in Chicago, which once again was a record-breaking gathering of HR leaders, technology executives, industry experts and thought leaders who convened in the Windy City to talk all things HR and workforce technology, and organizational success.
As the Conference Program Chair, and the onsite host, I (sadly), don't get to actually see and enjoy as much of the Conference as I would like. I tend to have to run from a General Session, to a rehearsal for one of the next day's General Sessions, and then maybe to yet another rehearsal, with a few minutes here and there spent actually talking to folks and (when I had a little time), walking the floor of the Expo, (which if you attended, you know you needed PLENTY of time to see).
But I did still want to share some of my impressions of this year's event, even if they are limited to the parts of the Conference that I actually did SEE, if not in their entirety, at least for significant amounts of time. And I also wanted to make sure I thanked and recognized some of the great people who shared their time, energy, insights, and expertise, to make the Conference a success.
So a couple of disclaimers before I get going. I am not going to mention any element of the Conference I did not see in person, so that rules out just about all of the Concurrent sessions, (I think I was only able to peek into a couple of them over the course of the event), the below 'Top Five' list is presented in reverse chronological order, (to keep me from having to pick my absolute favorite), and if I fail to mention someone I should have, I promise it is completely an oversight, and not intentional.
So with that said, here are my Top Five Moments from this year's HR Tech Conference:
5. The first 'Women in HR Technology' Summit
On the Conference's opening day last Tuesday, we held our first-ever 'Women in HR Technology' Summit. The Women in HR Technology Summit was designed for HR, business, and technology leaders in HR and HRIT to share strategies for enabling and supporting technology careers for women, learn from CHROs on the best ways to create and support more inclusivity in technology roles, and hear from successful Founders and CEOs on how they are breaking barriers for women in technology leadership.
The discussions were incredibly interesting, as were our three panels moderated by the fantastic Cara Capretta, (women tech leaders, CHROs and talent leaders, and CEOs and Founders), along with our closing address 'Lead Like a Girl' from Tacy Byham kept our capacity audience captivated throughout the day. There were so many leaders who are talented, successful, and willing to openly share their experience and insights, that the session turned into an absolute highlight of the Conference.
From last week's #HRTechConf at the Women in HR Tech Summit - a highlight of the Conference for me. A photo posted by Steve Boese (@steveboese) on Oct 10, 2016 at 8:27am PDT
To say that the inaugural event was a success could be a bit of an understatement. In my four years of being a Program Chair for HR Tech, I have never received more positive comments and feedback about any single element at the Conference. Stay tuned for more on this subject, as it has become clear to me that there is the need for and interest in, further programming, conversations, and networking in this important topic.
4. Discovering the Next Great HR Technology Company
While HR Tech, and plenty of other shows, have done startup tech company demonstrations and competitions in the past, this year at HR Tech we decided to introduce a new spin on the concept. Borrowing from the format of the popular TV series "The Voice", we paired up and coming HR technology companies with their own expert 'coaches', (Trish McFarlane, George LaRocque, Madeline Laurano, Kyle Lagunas), who not only 'found' and nominated these companies for participation in the event, but also collaborated and coached them on their presentations and delivery for the event itself.
I'm looking very serious on stage at #hrtechconf A photo posted by Trish McFarlane (@trish_mcfarlane) on Oct 4, 2016 at 11:27pm PDT
At the session, ably hosted by Jason Averbook, each of the 8 participating companies, (InvestiPro, ClickBoarding, Chemistry Group, LifeWorks, Clinch, HighGround, RolePoint, and Qwalify), had 5 minutes to talk about their solution, and show it off a little, followed by about 2 minutes to answer a question or two from one of our expert coaches. After 8 fast-paced demonstrations and discussions, the audience got to vote for who they thought would be 'The Next Great Technology Company' - a vote won by LifeWorks in what was an extremely tight race.
3. General Session - 'Engaging and Retaining the Talent of Tomorrow'
An important benefit of HR Tech every year is the opportunity for attendees to hear from and gain insights from many of the most influential HR leaders in the world on the topics that are most important to all HR professionals today - areas like talent management, employee experience, development, and creating opportunity for diverse talent pools just to name a few. This year at HR Tech we held what was perhaps the most powerful panel of top HR leaders that we have ever assembled at one time - the highest ranking HR executives from Starbucks, IBM, Cisco, and ADP and that was narrated by award-winning journalist the TV host Soledad O'Brien.
#Flashback to #HRTechConf 2016 Thursday's General Session with Soledad O'Brien A photo posted by HR Technology (@hrtechconf) on Oct 7, 2016 at 4:49pm PDT
In the session, the panel hit on major themes impacting and shaping the workplace today - freedom, stability, information sharing, self-management, and fulfillment to name a few. These senior HR leaders reminded us all that the talent and engagement challenges that face their tens and hundreds of thousands employee companies are not at all unlike the ones you might be facing in your organization as well. But even more importantly they reminded us of the power and value of coming together in one place, at the same time, to talk and share openly about these challenges. I was able to spend some time talking with and watching this panel of CHROs interact with each other, and I was struck by how easy and natural their conversations were with each other, and how open and willing they were to connect. It was a fantastic group and an amazing session at the Conference.
2. The 2nd Annual HR Tech Hackathon, (and first HR Tech Hacklab)
A newer feature at HR Tech, introduced in 2015, is the HR Tech Hackathon. In our Hackathon several HR tech solution providers send small teams consisting of about four developers and designers to take on a development challenge and 48 hours later, present it to our audience. In 2015, the challenge statement to the teams was pretty generic, and while all the teams that year did a fantastic job interpreting and putting their own unique stamp on the development, I thought something was still missing - namely a connection between our HR leaders in attendance and each individual technical team.
So this year, I was lucky to be able to enlist my friends Jason Lauritsen and Joe Gerstandt of Talent Anarchy to facilitate an opening day 'Hack Lab' were over 200 attendees worked in teams to generate their own 'hacks' or ideas for new and improved processes, solutions, and technologies that each of the technical Hackathon teams would choose from in order to guide their development. The teams, (from TMP Worldwide, IBM, Towers Willis Watson, and Ultimate Software), each selected a challenge and worked with that specific HackLab team to try and bring the attendee's concepts to life.
Digital depiction of the #HRTechConf Hackathon demonstrations last week A photo posted by Steve Boese (@steveboese) on Oct 10, 2016 at 9:21am PDT
As you can see from the digital rendering of the Hackathon session above, each of the teams brought new, exciting, and innovative ideas to their solutions. I kind of like to think that I have seen it all in terms of HR tech, but even I was amazed at what I saw that these teams were able to create in such a short time. Thanks to all the Hackathon participants for their fantastic efforts, and special props go to the team from Ultimate Software whose 'Ultimatt' solution was voted as the audience's favorite.
1. The Ideas and Innovators Session
So we at HR Tech did not invent the 'Ignite' format, nor are we the first conference by any means to stage sessions using this format, but I think after seeing quite a few of these kinds of sessions over the years, in my totally biased opinion at HR Tech we do this format the best.
And the reason why we do is 100% due to the speakers that we are able to secure for this session at HR Tech. We have the built-in advantage of having just about all the best minds in the industry already gathered in one place, so I have to say find 10 or 11 folks who are ready to rock the Ignite format really is not all that hard.
We had talks on a wide range of topics - robotics, workforce fluidity, the gig economy, people as the center of the organization, disrupting your own career - and more. And we had what I think was the best collection of people at any event I have been associated with who rose up to this toughest of all public speaking challenges.
Fantastic group of speakers at our Ideas and Innovators session at #HRTechConf A photo posted by Steve Boese (@steveboese) on Oct 8, 2016 at 4:57pm PDT
Many, many thanks to Lance Haun, Cecile Alper-Leroux, Jason Seiden, Jennifer Payne, Ben Eubanks, Michael Krupa, Adam Rogers, Ambrosia Vertesi, and Trish McFarlane for being awesome. And special thanks to Mike Psenka, who would have been awesome too. Mike had to head back to Charleston in advance of the approaching Hurricane Matthew to take care of his family, and graciously allowed me to step in to (try) and deliver his message on communication. (Mike would have been better!).
As always with HR Tech, I do have to send out a blanket apology to anyone I forgot to mention above, who I didn't get a chance to see at the Conference, whose party I said I would try to make it to but didnt', or anyone else that I just was not able to spend the time with that I would have liked. I am still working on a way to get a clone ready in time for 2017.
And finally, thanks so much to all of the HR Tech Conference attendees, speakers, sponsors, exhibitors, and my colleagues at LRP who put on such an amazing show. I am indebted to all of you and hope to see you back at the show, back in Las Vegas, next year.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
IT HAS been a tough few years for the BBC – with challenges from every direction and
potshots and criticism from every quarter.
Last week, Tony Hall, BBC's head, gave evidence to the Scottish Parliament with BBC Scotland boss Ken MacQuarrie.
Hall set out the BBC stall. Despite cuts, a range of digital possibilities and platforms were unveiled centred on the iPlayer. MacQuarrie answered questions on BBC Scotland's leaked plan for a new Scottish channel which he said “was never a plan” but a set of brainstorming meetings and emails.
The BBC are a convenient scapegoat. Regularly shot at by right-wing opinion-makers, they have long infuriated the left and didn't have a good independence referendum, alienating a whole swathe of Scotland.
They face a Tory Government conducting a slow war of attrition against them. The BBC have played this appallingly, retreating under the fire of Tory attacks, first on the funding of the World Service and recently on the cost of over-75s TV licences.
Leadership in Scotland can also be questioned. Who it is accountable to is a huge weakness – namely London, not Scotland.
The Scottish public are discontented with the BBC – in England, 61 per cent are satisfied with the BBC; in Scotland, 48 per cent.
There is a financial gap as well – the BBC raise £323million in licence fees from Scotland but only spend £35million on TV made here for Scottish audiences. Radio, digital and UK programmes made in Scotland can be added to increase this but it still leaves a huge gap.
The Scottish Government haven't been as imaginative as they could. A Broadcasting Commission came, reported and was parked. Nicola Sturgeon's MacTaggart Lecture last year said all the right things but hasn't been followed up.
Critically, there is no fresh thinking coming from the Scottish Government and Culture Minister Fiona Hyslop seems to aspire to a Scottish version of the status quo.
Hall has indicated that a Scottish Six is again under consideration – integrated news of Scottish, UK and world coverage. This nearly happened 20 years ago and was stopped by Tony Blair's and then BBC head John Birt's efforts. It could have worked then – it is completely inadequate now. Similarly, Hyslop's thinking isn't ambitious enough.
There is a time lag in Scottish Government thinking. It doesn't acknowledge the pressures on public service broadcasting which will accelerate in future and the revolution already happening in how people consume, produce and see media.
What we have seen so far is a typical Scottish conservative conversation, with institutional players trying to control the market and take people for granted. It is insular and old-fashioned and barely adequate for the media of the future.
We have to start talking about programming, audiences and wider international reach. How do we make Scottish programmes which tell our unique stories? How do we sell our programmes to global networks? How do we challenge the predictable diet of Scottish cliches and caricatures?
This is about more than news, current affairs and politics. It is about how Scotland represents itself back to itself, has creative conversations and projects itself to the world.
The BBC in London tend to see Scotland as a marginal issue to be bought off by a Scottish Six.
They don't see the Britain they present as problematic to most people here: an increasingly out-of-touch, patronising, London-centric service treating the rest of the UK as an afterthought.
Accountability and power matter. BBC Scotland have, for all their existence, been accountable to the interests of London. That distorts everything – resources, energy, time and leadership.
They need to become accountable to Scotland, not politicians but its people. That requires a culture and structure which takes us away from micro-issues such as the news order of Reporting Scotland and to these bigger issues.
That requires a debate which moves beyond the present limited menu. It requires a bold vision from the Scottish Government and an agenda which is about more than producers.
It needs the BBC, in London and Scotland, to seize the democratic agenda, embracing the revolution that is coming – of choice, content and plurality.
Change is upon us – and the BBC north of the border can either be part of it or Scots will do it themselves.
Due to ambulance delays, patients and accident victims in India often do not get medical attention in time. With its cloud-based fleet management solution for hospitals, public and private fleet owners, eSahai hopes to make a difference
Ananth Ram hit an unmarked speed breaker at the worst of times: when he was zipping through traffic on his 250cc bike, at 140kmph no less. He was thrown off his motorcycle, his body hurled seven feet in the air, before he landed on his face. Ananth, with several deep cuts and lacerations, did not get the medical attention he needed for over 45 minutes. All efforts to calls regular ambulance hotlines were in vain, since the nearest ambulance was an hour away. Thankfully, a policeman drove him to the nearest hospital, where his wounds were finally attended to.
Hari Bharadwaj, Founder, eSahai.
Ambulance delays are pretty common in our country. Although most Indian states have ambulances as per the World Health Organisation's requirement, which is at least one ambulance for 100,000 citizens, few reach patients in time, due to lack of information and infrastructure.
In developed markets it takes less than seven minutes for a well-equipped ambulance to reach a victim.
In India, ambulances are still considered vehicles that merely transport trauma victims, and are not fitted with life-saving equipment such a resuscitators, oximeters, blood pressure monitors, oxygen equipment and defibrillators.
Taking cognisance of this crucial gap in the healthcare industry, Hari Bharadwaj decided to transform ambulances into life-saving vehicles that go beyond the usual function of transporting victims. Thus, eSahai was born.
Forty-seven-year-old Hari, an IT veteran, who has worked in Accenture and other IT services companies, realised that technology could be used to solve local problems, creating a channel of discovery for ambulance services, for example. In August 2016, he set up eSahai and began to aggregate a fleet of private and public ambulances. The firm provides a cloud-based fleet management solution for hospitals, public and private fleet owners.
The business
The company began operations by creating a platform that could send over ambulances to locations within the vicinity of a hospital or healthcare centre.
Having spoken to several hospitals and diagnostic centres in Hyderabad, Hari understood that their ambulance utilisation was less than 30 percent. His pitch to them was simple: he would manage their fleet and increase utilisation to about 75 percent.
This June alone, nearly 505 ambulance rides were ordered on eSahai. About 2,000 rides, 150 ambulances, 6 medical-taxis and 10 months later the model has garnered great interest with 40 hospitals that work with eSahai. Hari was able to seed the business with angel investors and raise close to Rs 3 crore.
He, however, clarifies, that his company's work does not just entail aggregating ambulances. “We are not just an ambulance aggregator; we are a medical taxi and transport management company,” he says.
How are medical taxis different? Medical taxis are ambulances that help post-surgery patients reach their homes after the hospital stay. The taxis are vans fitted with special seating to make the ride back home a comfortable one.
The company manages the fleet and its utilisation and provides dashboards to the client. Hari notes the importance of understanding the topography of a city and planning hospital services accordingly. Hyderabad, where the company is currently operational, has hospitals clustered in a couple of suburbs alone, as opposed to a city like Bengaluru, where they are fairly spread out. The company has tied up with CallHealth, Nephroplus and other corporate hospitals, which Hari did not want to disclose at this point of time.
ALSO READ: Why IT has to reinvent iteself?
While aggregating ambulances is easy enough, the challenge for eSahai lay in increasing their utilisation. “I tie up with several hospitals that have an idle asset and that needs to be churned,” he says.
Experts highlight the need for services such as the one eSahai provides. “If technology can increase asset utilisation then there is a definite business model,” opines Naganand Doraswamy, CEO of IdeaSpring Capital.
Since this is the first full year of operations the venture does not want to disclose its revenues.
Now that the Hyderabad pilot is a success the company is going to expand to other cities such as Visakhapatnam and Pune. The company will launch in 16 cities in two years.
There are several ambulance aggregators in the market. Companies like Zoctr, HiAmber, StanPlus and others are making inroads in some metros. But making available ambulances not just on time, but also equipped to handle trauma with the right care is still not perfected in the Indian ecosystem. However, by harnessing technology, value-added services, like the kind that eSahai provides, will go a long way in disrupting the Indian healthcare sector.
Website
Meeting the giant tortoise Lonesome George on the Galapagos Islands ranks as one of Melanie Stetson Freeman's top experiences as a longtime staff photographer for the Christian Science Monitor. “It's so cool to see the last of something,” she says. “It is so sad that he is gone.”
The only remaining Pinta Island giant tortoise – believed to be the last of his species – Lonesome George died on Sunday. No one knew his exact age, but he was believed to be about 100 years old.
Melanie and I went to the Galapagos Islands to do a cover story for one of the first editions of our new magazine back in 2009. It was a look at an epic quest to reconstruct nature.
It was not Mel's first trip to Ecuador's archipelago, among the most biologically unique places on the planet and best known for inspiring Charles Darwin's theory of natural selection. She went 20 years prior, to look at whether tourism was hurting or helping the Galapagos Islands.
“The first time I went there, you weren't allowed to see Lonesome George, because he was so unusual, they were really taking care to protect him,” she says.
So when we returned, and Melanie had full access to the tortoise in the enclosure where he was closely monitored, she was thrilled. Melanie, more than anyone I've ever met, loves wildlife, appreciating every sound and movement a creature makes. She spent hours with Lonesome George as I tried to track down government officials and conservationists for interviews.
“I would go back whenever there was empty time, go back and just sit there and watch,” she says. “Not like he moved around so much,” she laughs. But just watching the slow crawl of an ancient creature, one of the world's rarest, his wrinkly skin, and really long neck, “I thought he was adorable.”
Lonesome George was an icon of the Galapagos and a symbol of the urgent need to conserve nature, and scientists had tried everything – I mean everything – to get Lonesome George to mate and keep the subspecies alive. Our tour guide, a local woman, had a side job for a while trying to get Lonesome George “interested” in mating. Two females were brought into his enclosure too, and Melanie had the rare opportunity to see them mating (though those eggs never hatched).
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Though Lonesome George was about 100, that is apparently not very old for his species, scientists say. He could have lived for at least a few decades longer, even to 200 – perhaps long enough to provide the elusive offspring that the conservation world so desperately sought. (They will be doing an investigation to determine the cause of death).
And while George may have been lonesome for being the last of his kind, with his potential mates, and scientists, journalists, and the public endeared to him, he lived a full life. Mel remembers delighting with the others as they saw him mating. “We started laughing, saying he wasn't so lonely anymore,” she says.
THE HOME OF ARTOFFACT RECORDS I AM AWESOME BECAUSE I STILL BUY MUSIC. ESSENTIAL: 3TEETH VINYL & CD PRE-ORDER! Click here if you have problems viewing this in your email. 3TEETH SHUTDOWN.EXE
LIMITED EDITION VINYL WITH BONUS POSTER! L.A.'s premiere industrial metal band return from their biggest year ever supporting Tool on their 2016 tour with a brand-new album! Mixed by Sean Beavan (NIN, Marilyn Manson, A Perfect Circle) who declares "3teeth are more than the sum of their influences. They are the sound of inevitability. A storm of rage and reason, man and machine, metal and bone." Formed in 2013, 3teeth are one of the most politically provocative and potent bands around whose aggressive sound and compelling visuals challenge listeners to reject consensus-based reality, making this release one of the most TIMELY releases in recent memory! Full publicity campaign headed by Secret Service PR that will feature a new pro-shot concept video plus radio servicing, digital ad campaign, social media blitz and more! Major headlining US tour planned for May & June 2017! Available on both CD & special vinyl pressing with free fold-out poster! YOU CAN ALSO GET THIS BAD BOY ON CD MORE BY 3TEETH!! 3TEETH 3TEETH
FIRST ALBUM ON CD! 3TEETH have, collectively, 128 teeth. The industrial foursome from Los Angeles has turned a lot of people onto their music since their inception, with tracks like Pearls 2 Swine and Nihil finding their way onto many "bands to watch" lists and top music blog Earmilk premiering their remixes and singing their praises. The band cites Front Line Assembly, Tool, and Ministry as influences while incorporating old-school EBM beats and gritty tracks that sound like the spawn of Lassigue Bendthaus and an early KMFDM. 3TEETH REMIXED
BUDGET PRICED CD DIGIPAK! Having already dropped what LA Weekly called a "transgressive art" release, 3TEETH are one of the most talked-about industrial acts on the planet right now. And with good reason: their live show smokes, their media blitz is genius, and their debut work is one of the most powerful guitar-industrial records in years. The band spent the better part of a year commissioning remixes, many of which were released as limited digital-only download teasers. Now, all of the 3TEETH remixes are collected on a 15-track album called simply REMIXED. Included are stellar mixes from notable acts such as Aesthetic Perfection and ∆AIMON, as well as fan-favourites such as the ridiculously amazing Mr. Skeleton remix and the equally sick work by Randolph & Mortimer. The remix album is released through Artoffact Records and comes in a beautifully designed 6-panel digipak. STREAM, DOWNLOAD, GRAB VINYL... ON BANDCAMP!
Philip Metzger has been playing with mud. Experimenting, you could say, as he's a planetary scientist at the University of Central Florida and co-founder of NASA's Swamp Works lab. In any case, his lab has been stuffing Martian clay into cupcake decorating bags and extruding it into what Metzger himself admits sometimes look like an “animal dropping.”
But one man's cupcake decorating with mud is another man's prototyping of 3D-printing on Mars. And 3D-printing could solve the single biggest hurdle to a crewed Mars expedition: the cost of transporting everything humans need to survive on the red planet.
It's a mass problem. The more mass you have to take, the more expensive it is to escape Earth's gravity and get to Mars. And some of the heaviest cargo will be material to shelter astronauts from the radiation zipping through Mars' thin atmosphere. With 3D-printing, you don't need to bring shelter. You build it out of dirt or ice already on Mars.
NASA is all aboard the 3D-printing train. Last year, it unveiled winners of its first 3D-printed Mars habitat design challenge, and the architectural renders of the winning entries were all sleek and futuristic, as renders of unbuilt buildings always are . In reality, the current state of the art for Martian 3D-printing looks more like the clay logs Metzger has been documenting on Twitter.
Martian (sim) clay logs. Top: still damp. Bottom: vacuum dried. I'm surprised the 50% mix crumbled so badly. Need to repeat w/ more samples. pic.twitter.com/H9Sug4TB09 — Dr. Phil Metzger (@DrPhiltill) October 13, 2016
If the technology looks low-tech, it's deliberate. “We're rethinking how to do space technology by taking cues from less developed parts of world,” says Metzger. The logic goes like this: If a valve breaks in a complex machine on Mars, an astronaut can't go online to order a replacement with next day delivery. (It's more like nine months, assuming Mars and Earth are in their most favorable alignment.) So the idea is to start simple and slowly build up technological capabilities: clay to metal to plastic to electronic equipment. Eventually, Mars will have the refineries and factories to make complicated machines itself. This is “bootstrapping,” and it's Metzger's vision for space exploration.
In an exhausting monologue Thursday evening, MSNBC host Lawrence O'Donnell spent over twenty minutes opening his show ranting and raving about White House Chief of Staff John Kelly's press briefing earlier that day. O'Donnell was particularly offended by Kelly's criticism of Democratic Congresswoman Frederica Wilson, who caused a media firestorm Tuesday when she accused President Trump of dishonoring a fallen soldier during a private phone call to their family. O'Donnell presented Wilson as a saint, and characterized the retired USMC General as a racist who “dehumanized” a “black woman” because he hates people who are not “like him.”
It would take far too long to highlight every ridiculous part of O'Donnell's rant but here are some of the most outrageous ‘highlights':
....Saying Kelly has no “empathy” for anyone who was “not like him,” and that Kelly “dehumanized” Frederica Wilson by asserting his “moral superiority” over her:
General Kelly did some of what he was supposed to do today. He did demonstrate empathy. But not for anyone who was not like him. His empathy was isolated to military families only. And in particular, to gold star families, to families who have lost a soldier in combat like the Kelly family. He showed no empathy at all for her. He talked about her a lot. He talked about her more than he talked about the president or his sons. And he never mentioned her name. He called her an empty barrel. He dehumanized her. In fact, from start to finish, John Kelly's comments in the briefing room today were essentially a lecture about his moral superiority over her and Donald Trump's moral superiority over her.
...Insinuating Kelly was a racist, suggesting Kelly was behaving like he was still living in the segregated neighborhood he grew up in:
But he took time, a lot of extra time, to call a black woman who he doesn't know and he doesn't like an empty barrel. ...But I was stunned. Stunned when I watched him dehumanize her and very deliberately continue to dehumanize her and refuse to give her the dignity of a name and call her an empty barrel. He went out of his way to do it!... ...That ‘empty a barrel'. And I was stunned that John Kelly would so callously echo the worst part of the culture that he and I grew up in. Stunned. John Kelly and I have gone our separate ways in the world from our very similar beginnings in Boston Irish neighborhoods, so we are stunned by different things. You saw John Kelly began to slip into a bit of stream of consciousness about what was sacred. when he was a kid growing up. You know what wasn't sacred when he was a kid growing up where he was growing up? Black women or black people. And, oh by the way, women were not sacred either. They were not honored. John Kelly's neighborhood in the Catholic parish he grew up and the Catholic parish that I grew up in, women were getting beaten by their husbands, their drunken husbands as a normal weekly occurrence. And their parish priest would tell those women, you can't get divorced or you'll be ex-communicated. You are just going to have to bear it and bear it for the children. It's nothing you can do about it. Women were not honored. Most women then were domestic servants and the women who had jobs outside of the home were not allowed to have most of the jobs in America at that time. So today when John Kelly looked back on a world that never was, where women were sacred, he was standing in the White House occupied by the president who has not only dishonored women, he is the only president in history who has confessed to sexual assault.
...Attacking Kelly as “barely coherent” when he called Trump “brave” for making the tough phone calls to fallen soldiers' families:
What John Kelly had to say today in defense of Donald Trump was barely coherent… But when he attacked a Democratic Congresswoman and defended a Republican president, he was purely partisan and he was not telling the truth. There are many words that you can use for Donald Trump. The word brave has absolutely no application in the same sentence with the word Trump. And it dishonors any other use of the word brave that you might like to make if you use that word to describe Donald Trump. It was especially stunning coming from a military man who knows what brave is. Coming from a military man who has lived that bravery himself. Has risked his own life.
Fellow MSNBC host Joy Reid applauded O'Donnell on Twitter:
Dozens of Jews who claim to be the descendants of a lost biblical Jewish tribe emigrated to Israel on Monday from their village in northeastern India, celebrating their arrival after a five-year struggle to get in.The Bnei Menashe say they are descended from Jews banished from ancient Israel to India in the eighth century B.C. An Israeli chief rabbi recognized them as a lost tribe in 2005, and about 1,700 moved to Israel over the next two years before the government stopped giving them visas.Israel recently reversed that policy, agreeing to let the remaining 7,200 Bnei Menashe immigrate.Fifty-three arrived on a flight on Monday. Michael Freund, an Israel-based activist on their behalf, said nearly 300 others will arrive in the coming weeks."After waiting for thousands of years, our dream came true," said Lhing Lenchonz, 26, who arrived with her husband and 8-month-old daughter. "We are now in our land."Not all Israelis think Bnei Menashe qualify as Jews, and some suspect they are simply fleeing poverty in India.Avraham Poraz, a former interior minister, said they were not linked to the Jewish people. He also charged that Israeli settlers were using them to strengthen Israel's claims to the West Bank.When Chief Rabbi Shlomo Amar recognized the Bnei Menashe as a lost tribe in 2005, he insisted they undergo conversion to be recognized as Jews. He sent a rabbinical team to India that converted 218 Bnei Menashe, until Indian authorities stepped in and stopped it.The Bnei Menashe come from the states of Mizoram and Manipur near India's border with Myanmar, where, they say, their ancestors landed after the Assyrians banished them. Over the centuries they became animists, and in the 19th century, British missionaries converted many to Christianity.Even so, the group says they continued to practice ancient Jewish rituals, including animal sacrifices, which they say were passed down from generation to generation. Jews in the Holy Land stopped animal sacrifices after the destruction of the Second Temple in Jerusalem in 70 A.D.
Victorian Style Silver Chandelier Earrings, Swarovsky Crystal Dangle EarringsBeautiful Victorian style handcrafted earrings, made with fine silver-filled wire and white opal Swarovsky crystals. This original design by Sarah Thompson is very classy and elegant, and although they seem quite bald they are actually very light and comfortable to wear.To complete the antique look I've oxidized and polished these earrings, giving them a kind of heirloom-like appearance.The total length of these earrings is 3'' (7,8 cm) including the silver-filled handmade spiral ear wires. The width of each earring is 1 ½'' (3,5 cm).This item is ready to ship and you will receive them in a beautiful organza bag.* Every item will arrive to you with a sturdy packaging to avoid any damage during shipping. It will be shipped with Trackable Delivery, so you can verify at any moment where is your package.* Approximate shipping times are: Italy (1-5 working days) - Europe (3-10 working days) - North America (1-3 weeks) - Other world country (2-4 weeks).* Wire wrapped jewelry is delicate and is not meant for children.If you have any questions please contact me. Thanks for visiting!You're welcome to take a look to my shop: https://www.etsy.com/shop/WireYouUp
NORTH AUGUSTA, S.C. -- Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski says the Knicks are getting the "perfect backup" center in Marshall Plumlee.
The Knicks signed the 7-footer to a partially guaranteed three-year deal to help backup Joakim Noah.
"First of all he's older, he's 23," Coach K told SNY.tv at the Peach Jam where he is recruiting. "He's been a five-year player.
"He brings fundamentals and he's a leader. He's going to be an Army officer. He talks on defense. He'll screen, he'll play defense he'll rebound. And he doesn't need the ball. He just wants to make other people better. And they'll never be a practice where he's not enthusiastic. He's a perfect backup."
Plumlee, whose brothers MIles and Mason are both in the NBA, averaged 6.0 points and 4.8 rebounds in 21 minutes per game in four summer league games in Orlando. Krzyzewski said he'll have no trouble adapting to the triangle.
"He can handle the ball because we used a lot of elbow stuff," Coach K said. "And he likes to pass. It gives you a running start to the basket. He knows every play. He's very intelligent. He's just an easy guy to play with."
In addition to trading for Derrick Rose and adding Noah and guards Courtney Lee and Brandon Jennings, the Knicks also signed rookie big man Guillermo "Willy" Hernangomez and re-signed forward Lance Thomas.
For his part, Plumlee told the New York Post he's willing to do the "dirty work."
"I don't mind getting my hands dirty more than they do and getting my nose in there and getting physical,'' Plumlee told the Post. "I feel the Knicks have given me a look for a certain reason. I need to be comfortable in my role to bring energy and physicality inside. That's something I'm comfortable bringing to the table. If I keep working at it, I can help the Knicks in some way.''
Russell Westbrook answered a number of questions from the media before the start of the Thunder's game against the Celtics. Even if his knee isn't yet 100%, it is good to see that he still has his wits about him. Transcript is provided by The Oklahoman's Darnell Mayberry.
***
Q: The first time you went through this it was a tear, the second time it was a loose stitch. Both of those are sort of self-explanatory. This one, from the way it was explained to you, what was the area of concern this time?
A: Just a little swelling. That was about it.
Q: Why this course of action and not just resting it? Why continue to go in there and continue to do arthroscopic surgeries?
A: Well, you don't really know either way, resting or going in and doing surgery. But me personally, I'm just trying to do what's best for my body and what's best for me in the future.
Q: How often were they draining it before you guys went to this route?
A: Not often.
Q: Were you feeling any pain at all when you were playing?
A: Not at all.
Q: Did you go to the team and say that you wanted to play through it? Was any of it your decision?
A: I mean, it was nothing to play through. I wasn't in no pain. I was just playing basketball, going out there trying to help my team win and competing. And my knee just kept swelling and swelling. So we had to do what's best.
Q: How's it doing now? Is it still swelling?
A: I'm doing great. I'm about eight days out of surgery so I'm just trying to find my way.
Q: Eight days out of surgery and it's kind of similar to the last time. You lost the crutches. You started shooting free throws. You're out there warming up pregame. Does that progression give you optimism that this might not last as long as it's expected to.
A: I'm not sure, man. I just wake up and try to get on the floor as quick as possible, man. I just try to do what's best for my body and just take it day by day.
Q: So you have a triple-double against the Knicks. When and how did you find out that was it?
A: I was supposed to get evaluated after the game or prior to the game just based on time periods of getting evaluations on my knee like I've been doing throughout the season.
Q: Will you walk us through just the roller coaster of emotions that goes on when you come back and you're out again and just what you've had to work through?
A: I mean, it's tough. I mean, you just got to try to find a way to keep a rhythm. Stay intact with the team. Find a way to keep your spirits up and be ready to play next time.
Q: How have you done that this time? You've gone on the trips, you've been on the bench. How have you stayed involved?
A: I just try to stay involved as much as possible. Keep my team how I stay. Continue to be a leader. Try to find a way to help us win games.
Q: When you went through this in October, you said you had your own timeline. You really weren't on the team's page. Do you have your own timeline this time, and what is it?
A: I'm always on the team's page. I don't understand that.
Q: I'm talking about the projection, the original four-to-six week projection. You said you didn't know who came up with that.
A: Yeah, I don't pay no attention to none of those projections, man. I just wake up and try to get better each and every day. That's is.
Q: Can you share what you're thinking this time around?
A: No.
Q: Have you ever asked your doctors ‘What the hell is going on?'
A: Laughs. (Under his breath) Do I ask my doctors that?
Q: I mean, three surgeries in however many months.
A: Uh, yeah, of course, man. But at the same time, it's all based on your body, how your body reacts. If I had control over what I could do, I would have never got surgery in the first place.
Q: Can you share what you're thinking this time around?
A: No.
Q: Is there any doubt in your mind you'll ever be the same explosive player?
A: Never. Never a doubt. Never a doubt.
Q: Sam (Presti) and Scotty (Brooks) keep talking about benchmarks. Just where are you in terms of those benchmarks? How much are you able to do now a week out?
A: You already said it. I was shooting free throws.
Q: I see you shoot free throws, but there's a lot we don't get to see you do.
A: That's...Keep it that way.
Q: Do you feel like you're close to being able to go full contact or any kind of contact?
A: That was funny. You asked the same thing. That was funny, though. That was cute.
Q: Sam said you got the MRI on the 23rd or 24th and it showed the area of concern but then you went out there and played Christmas. Why did you decide to play Christmas if they had figured out that something was up?
A: I wasn't in any pain. And we aren't for sure (something) was going on. Like I said, I was going to get evaluated after the game anyway. So I wasn't in no danger of hurting myself or hurting my body or hurting anything else in my knee.
A: That was cute.
Q: The evaluation after the game is when you found out? When did you get the news, after the game?
A: No, no, no. I got evaluated after the game.
Q: And that's when...
A: That's all you're going to get. You ain't getting no more.
Q: I'm just asking is that when you found out?
A: (Grumbles). Stop trying.
Q: You mentioned your leadership being important after the original surgery and your voice you said is a very important factor in the locker room. Why is that the case now as well?
A: It's very important. I think this time of the year it's very important for myself and my teammates to get through this stretch. Find a way to continue to get wins. Me personally, I want to come in and stay positive and still be around my teammates and stay involved with what's going on.
Q: Is this the exact same procedure that was done in October?
A: What you mean?
Q: The procedure that you got done on the knee, the arthroscopic surgery. Is it the exact same procedure?
A: No.
Q: It's a different one?
(No response)
A: That's all you're going to get. You ain't getting no more.
Q: How was it different?
A: Uh, well, I'm going to refer that answer to the doctors and the team. I'm going to leave that up to them.
***
The Ski Granby Ranch chairlift from which a Texas mom and her two young daughters fell late last month had problems with its electrical drive-control system that contributed to a “rare dynamic event” at the time of the accident, a preliminary state report released Monday shows.
The chair carrying 40-year-old Kelly Huber and her children struck a lift tower about a third of the way up the mountain before the three fell roughly 25 feet onto hard-packed snow. Huber was killed. Her daughters were injured.
“The circumstances indicated that environmental factors, weather and the occupants of (the chair) did not contribute to the cause of the incident,” the Colorado Passenger Tramway Safety Board report says, adding: “The facts of the incident show that, on Dec. 29, 2016, an unreasonable hazard existed in the continued operation of the lift.”
The report, released after more than a week of investigation by the board, police and the resort, provides the first official details of what led up to the fall. Granby police say witnesses reported Huber and her daughters were not involved in any horseplay before they came off the chair, nor did witnesses report any kind of intentional or user-caused accidental fall.
The Colorado Passenger Tramway Safety Board did not respond to requests for comment on the report, and said in a statement, “This is an ongoing investigation and there will be no further comment until the investigation is complete.” A final report will be released later.
Huber was pronounced dead at about 10:45 a.m. Dec. 29 at Middle Park Medical Center in Granby, where she was taken after falling about an hour earlier.
The Grand County Coroner ruled Huber died from blunt force trauma to her torso and a traumatic rupture of her aorta. The four-person, high-speed Quickdraw Express lift, built by Grand Junction-based Leitner-Poma in 1999, has been closed since the incident but is scheduled to reopen Tuesday.
The Colorado Passenger Tramway Safety Board has since found that the lift's diesel prime mover is capable of safely operating.
As part of an agreement to reopen the lift, Ski Granby Ranch will run the Quickdraw Express below its rated speed capacity of 900 feet per minute, increasing the speed to 800 feet per minute over a five-day period.
“Operator will increase surveillance and inspection of the lift,” the board's report, an operating agreement with Ski Granby Ranch, said. It added: “Upon finding any irregular conditions or operation of the lift, Operator shall immediately and safely slow and shut down the lift, evacuate all passengers from the lift, and immediately report such irregular conditions or operations.”
In a statement Monday night, Ski Granby Ranch CEO Melissa Cipriani said the Quickdraw Express lift was load-tested Dec. 5, before the resort's ski season began Dec. 16. She said the Huber family's fall was the first incident of its kind in the resort's 22 years of operation and that the lift has been operating safely since its installation.
“Granby Ranch strictly adheres to all policies, procedures and regulations for safe lift operation. … Lift protocols for operation of the lift were determined by an outside engineering expert at the time of certification,” Cipriani wrote. “Granby Ranch has followed all prescribed protocols in operating the lift. There is no indication at this stage of the preliminary investigation that the original lift installation contributed to the incident.”
In a Ski Granby Ranch Facebook post made about the time the state report was released said the resort has been working “tirelessly” with investigators to probe the Huber family's fall.
“Granby Ranch would, again, like to extend its condolences to the family of our guest who lost her life, and her family members who were injured in this tragic event,” the post said. “Granby Ranch places the highest value on the safety of our guests and the safe operation of all lifts and equipment at the resort. We would like to thank all of our guests, homeowners and team members for their supportive words and thoughts during this very difficult time.”
Huber's death was the first resulting from a fall from a Colorado chairlift since 2002. Of the more than 250 chairlifts falls since then, most have been attributed to skier error, according to state data.
According to an October report by the National Ski Areas Association, the last death on a chairlift attributed to a malfunction was in 1993. As of the 2015-16 ski season, the annual fatality rate per 100 million miles traveled on ski lifts was 0.14.
In 1976, two cars from Vail's 7-year-old gondola – each carrying six skiers – plummeted 125 feet, killing four people in one of the most deadly lift incidents in the United States. In 1985, a bullwheel at Keystone Resort failed, sending waves down the line that threw 60 people off the Teller Lift, two of whom later died from their injuries.
The ski industry stresses that chairlift falls — especially fatal ones — are extremely rare considering the millions of rides taken each year.
Huber's 9-year-old daughter was taken to Middle Park before being flown by Flight for Life to Children's Hospital Colorado. Children's Hospital said family members declined to allow information on her condition to be released.
Her other daughter, who is 12, was treated at Middle Park and released.
Huber, who lived in San Antonio, was vacationing in Colorado with her daughters and other family members at the time of the fall, authorities say.
Even by Marvel's standards, Doctor Strange is a super-sized production.
Most of the film was shot at Longcross Studios in Surrey, where the crew painstakingly constructed 21 sets, including a Hong Kong street (complete with over 80 neon signs and a giant roof to keep the rain out) and Doctor Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum, which took five artists 10 months to design.
However, director Scott Derrickson decided Kathmandu's ancient temples couldn't be faked. So last November, he and Benedict Cumberbatch jetted out to the capital of Nepal – and it didn't disappoint.
“I've been all over the world, but there's no place on the planet like Kathmandu,” says Derrickson. “It is a city with almost no Western influence in it. It is a large city that is so deeply mystical and religious in all operations, and in a most peaceful, beautiful, colourful way. The visual qualities of that city are unlike any place else.”
Sadhu (holy men) in the Pashupatinath Temple
The first scene was shot in Pashupati, home of Pashupatinath Temple, a famous Hindu temple on the banks of the Bagmati River in Kathmandu. There were 300 extras, made up of locals and tourists, along with cows and dogs. The production had an audience of curious locals, as well as the many families of wild monkeys that freely roam Nepal.
Cumberbatch was also smitten. “Kathmandu was absolutely vital to this film, I think not least because it's so based in something that is exotic,” he explains. “It was a magical way to start the shoot. It's important to a film like this – which has a profound gearshift into a spiritual and otherworldly dimension – that the portal for that be in a place that actually happens in itself – regardless of the Marvel cinematic universe – to be incredibly spiritual and marvellous.”
Radio Times Travel holidays: Tigers, the Taj Mahal and Nepal from £1898pp
By the fourth day of shooting at Patan Durbar Square, they had a large crowd of Benedict Cumberbatch fans who had followed them there. Patan Durbar Square is a Unesco World Heritage Site that was badly damaged in the 2015 earthquakes. There was a crowd of hundreds shouting Cumberbatch's name, who went wild when he waved from a building overlooking the square.
Patan Durbar Square is situated at the centre of the city of Lalitpur, one of the three Durbar Squares in the Kathmandu Valley
If Cumberbatch had hoped to escape his celebrity, he didn't let his disappointment spoil the moment. “Being in Kathmandu with an entire film crew was astonishing, and kept on surprising me,” he says. “These beautiful places that you'd be lucky enough to get to as a traveller, let alone call it working, and then to watch that sunset over Boudhanath Stupa after a day of filming. That was perfection, really special, and tied the whole experience together for me. It was a brilliant footnote at the beginning of this long journey.”
Radio Times Travel holidays: India & Nepal tour from £2499pp
By Marco Torres
Guest Writer for Wake Up World
The origin of true science is in the desire to know causes irrespective of an objective for material reward. The origin of false science is in the desire to accept false causes and fabricate false conclusions to achieve an objective that is only related to material reward.
Today, the pursuit of truth in modern scientific query is marred by greed, profit and a concept of truth built on the assumption of an unexamined good. While pharmaceutical drug approvals, genetically modified foods and various other controversial technologies may appear to be based on “science”, corporate interests and profits often interfere with the true meaning of what science represents to both academics and the public.
When Science Is No Longer Science
Science is built on skepticism. The results of any particular study mean nothing unless proven through continual repetition of the study's methodology. The importance of being able to replicate results is something instilled in every elementary school science student, and yet as we enter adulthood we often tend to take with us a great deal of faith in any professions of scientific knowledge.
The primary methodology of science is to prise apart reality into its component parts in order to better understand how the whole functions. Cartesian logic began with the separation of mind and matter and the scientific method depends upon the separation of the observer from the observed. The absolute separation between mind and matter has now been shown to be entirely fictitious the importance of objectivity within the scientific method remains undiminished.
The 20th century made it clear to everyone that science is in a very dangerous state. Corporations who have sought the scientific method to establish credibility for their products and services have prostituted science and segregated its capacity as a whole. This is largely because of the splitting up of the disciplines and their disconnection from the ethical demands of a growing population and an ever more complex, relational society.
The threat to all of us lies in corporate greed forcing both the internal divisions of science and the related inability of scientists to respond to the needs of worldwide human relationships. This inability includes inadequate responses to the needs of those individuals and groups who govern us.
The most glaring problem is the seemingly unbridgeable gap between the needs for ethically based knowledge by politicians and the piecemeal and mostly inadequate assistance that divided scientific corporations are able to put on the table. Some of the scientific disciplines are overused while others are grossly underused, ignored, or even rejected as irrelevant.
Mainstream Medicine Uses Fraudulent Data to Sell the Medical Model
For example there is little real science to be found in the common practice of mainstream medicine. Rather, what passes for “science” today is a collection of myths, half-truths, dishonest data, fraudulent reporting and inappropriate correlations passed off as causation. Correlational studies can NOT prove causation, yet the end result of most scientific studies in mainstream medicine make a causal claim without any proof and then pass those suggestions to the public to sell the medical model to the public.
Advertisers and product manufacturers have certainly used this inherent cognitive bias towards trusting “scientific facts” in order to market products which they claim have a scientific basis in their effectiveness. The same is of course true within ideologies and politics. While many choose to focus on the large scandals such as the drug research fraud, countless fraudulent scientific claims are made every day in advertising, often with no repercussions.
A survey of 2700 doctors and scientists found one in seven (13%) had, “witnessed colleagues intentionally altering or fabricating data during their research or for the purposes of publication”. Those are only the doctors that admitted the findings. Critics suggest the actual percentage may be higher than 30%. That manipulation included, “inappropriately adjusting, excluding, altering, or fabricating data”.
More and more evidence is suggesting that medical journals are increasingly having to retract reports due to fabricated, erroneous or misleading data from Doctors and Scientists. Fraud has clearly been on the rise in Drug studies for decades and is now the norm in the pharmaceutical industry.
Donald M. Epstein, author of Healing Myths, says that even if the dangers of a drug or medical procedure were to be included in a respected medical journal, often the “religious” belief that doctors, and even patients, have in conventional medicine overrides their decision-making process.
People believe that if a drug is FDA-approved and on the market, it must be okay. If a drug proves fatal to 10 or even 10,000 patients, doctors will still staunchly defend it, claiming the benefits outweigh the risks. Epstein's feelings are that anyone with a little common sense should be enraged by the fact that the entire industry is operating with self-imposed blinders — from the pharmaceutical companies that hawk unsafe drugs to the medical journals that publish doctored clinical studies and misleading ads.
The editors of the New England Journal of Medicine added another chapter to this story when disgraced Norwegian researcher Dr. Jon Sudbo, was made to formally retract reports on oral cancer his team published in the journal in 2001 and 2004. By his own admission, much of Sudbo's published data was fabricated. A report from an investigative commission formed by Sudbo's former employers, the Rikshospitalet-Radiumhospitalet Medical Center and the University of Oslo, confirmed the fraud. The NEJM editors based their retraction largely on the report's findings.
On average, one out of every three highly cited studies published in influential medical journals is either refuted or seriously weakened by subsequent research.
A common theme in most journals is their tendency to publish “positive” findings (where a therapy was proven to be effective) over “negative” ones (where a therapy's effectiveness was cast in doubt).
A vaccine industry watchdog recently obtained hidden CDC documents that show statistically significant risks of autism associated with the vaccine preservative, something the CDC denied even when confronted with their own data. This has allowed the CDC to continue promoting drug therapy and vaccination programs programs promoted by Physicians, many of who rely on the information from the CDC to inform the public on risks and benefits.
The vaccine industry has always known that governments and public health would never be convinced of the effectiveness of vaccinations without some statistical evidence from academia. Without some proof on how vaccines and antivirals could benefit a population, how could they ever be marketed on a global scale? They couldn't!
That's where the biostatisticians come in. Under the guise of disease prevention and pandemic preparedness, these so-called “experts” have carefully concocted a wide range of simulated statistical analyses in a systematic effort to promote global pandemic models and their counter measure — mass vaccination and antiviral programs.
A summary review of data on neurological adverse events and the historical role of vaccination in the natural course of infectious disease in Switzerland and Germany, supports data from other regions with evidence that vaccines had no impact on disease prevention efforts from the early-mid to late 20th century. The data contradicts widespread misinformation campaigns by mainstream medicine which claim that vaccination led to immunization and a subsequent decline in infectious disease.
GMOs – Absolutely No Safety Testing to Promote Profits
Many consumers in the US mistakenly believe that the FDA approves genetically modified organisms in foods through rigorous, in-depth, long-term studies. In reality, the agency has absolutely no safety testing requirements. Instead the agency relies on research from companies like Monsanto, research that is meticulously designed to avoid finding problems.
Former pro-GMO scientists are now speaking out on the real dangers of genetically engineered food. A growing body of scientific research – done mostly in Europe, Russia, and other countries – showing that diets containing engineered corn or soya cause serious health problems in laboratory mice and rats.
The FDA and food industry claims that GMO foods are safe, properly tested, and necessary to feed a hungry world, claims that are now being found unsubstantiated by hundreds of experts. GMOs are one of the most dangerous and radical changes to our food supply. These largely unregulated ingredients found in 60-70% of the foods, are now being exposed and well worth the effort to avoid.
Several nations such as Mexico, Italy, Russia, Poland and several others are banning GMOs after conducting their own research while refuting the biased conclusions by Monsanto.
Democratize Science – It's for Everyone
The best defence against scientific frauds is a simple realization, science is something for everyone, not just “scientists”. We all have a duty to think for ourselves, to utilise our own minds and separate fact from fiction. Use the scientific mindset to rationally analyse the evidence before you. The more we research and share this information with our communities the more enlightened we will become as a whole. In such a society companies will be unable to use cheap slogans like “scientifically proven” to take your money and risk your health.
The most prestigious peer-reviewed journals in the world are having less influence amongst scientists due to the shift in the ways we deal with scientific query. Medical journals can no longer be trusted to provide accurate, unbiased information and are no longer impartial and “true” source of information.
A new age is upon us and we must think for ourselves if we are ever to advance the changing paradigm in scientific progress, from one that has worked against the people, to one that will work with the people and free from corruption and greed.
Sources:
Previous articles by Marco:
About the author:
Marco Torres is a research specialist, writer and consumer advocate for healthy lifestyles. He holds degrees in Public Health and Environmental Science and is a professional speaker on topics such as disease prevention, environmental toxins and health policy.
This article was reposted with the permission of the kind crew at preventdisease.com
In 2002, New Jersey passed legislation requiring that all firearm sales in the state consist only of so-called “smart guns” within three years of the technology being commercially available anywhere in the United States. The trigger for this action is determined by the state Attorney General once “a smart gun prototype is safe and commercially available.” Up until now, there has been no “smart gun” product available as the market for such a device is often met with great opposition from gun rights supporters due to fears of regulation and laws specifically like that in New Jersey which would mandate only the sale of weapons the state designates as “smart.” If you're unfamiliar with the technology, “smart guns” would contain mechanisms such as a fingerprint scanner or be tied to some device like a wristwatch which would need to be in close proximity for the weapon to fire. In theory, it sounds fine for consumption on the free market. If you like your “dumb gun,” you can keep your “dumb gun,” right? Wrong.
With reports of the Armatix iP1 pistol potentially going on sale in California and Maryland, the Brady Campaign, a nationally known anti-gun organization, has taken notice filing a lawsuit against the state of New Jersey accusing the state of ignoring its own law.
According to a 2002 law, if the state finds that “smart” guns are available on the market, a three-year timeframe begins before the technology would be required for all handguns sold in the state. No such report has been issued since 2003 but the first guns that can identify their owner and fire only when that individual pulls the trigger have started to hit the market. Trending: You'd never guess from all her crowing, but AOC didn't come up with the Green New Deal “As far as we are aware, the acting Attorney General has not complied with the requirements of the New Jersey Personalized Handgun Law,” said Gregory Little, counsel to the Brady Campaign, the gun control group that filed the lawsuit in state Superior Court last week.
There are several angles to this story, especially since New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has aspirations heading into the 2016 presidential race. Christie has been mixed on the issue of gun rights, signing some gun control laws but vetoing others. If the Attorney General does consider the law to be triggered, would Gov. Christie attempt to mitigate the law in some form or seek extension or repeal of the bill? In New Jersey, the Attorney General is appointed by the Governor so the current officeholder, John Jay Hoffman, reports directly to Christie's office.
The Washington Post also touched this story back in February noting that some in the state legislature have begun making similar inquiries as to whether the Attorney General is considering the sale of the Armatix iP1 in California as a trigger of the 2002 law.
So far, all remains quiet but you can sure bet that Gov. Christie is spending some serious hours considering how this will play out in court. If Christie's lucky, he won't have to act other than signing a bill repealing the law. The State Senate Majority Leader, Loretta Weinberg, a staunch gun control advocate, signaled she's willing to support repeal if the National Rifle Association (NRA) is willing to back off opposition to “smart gun” technology. So far, the NRA has not backed down fearing that repeal is no guarantee other states won't attempt similar measures or New Jersey won't simply pass a similar law in the future.
Worth noting about the 2002 New Jersey law: Law enforcement firearms are exempt from the mandate should it ever go into affect for civilians.
For your convenience, you may leave commments below using either the Spot.IM commenting system or the Facebook commenting system. If Spot.IM is not appearing for you, please disable AdBlock to leave a comment.
American band Beirut is a very unique group which utilizes a wide range of world instruments. Beirut originally started as a solo project for Zach Condon as he created his first album, Gulag Orkestar in his bedroom. Zach is incredibly talented, he recorded the majority of the album himself, including the majority of the instruments. With the assistance of Jeremy Barnes (Neutral Milk Hotel) he was able to complete the album in a studio. Once recorded, Zach recruited some friends to perform shows which quickly grew into a full band. The songs on this album range from melancholy to whimsically upbeat. The track 'Scenic World' is very energetic. The horn mixed with the keyboard join together enhance Zach's vocals, preventing the song from being a bleak. The song 'Postcards From Italy' is a refreshing recording. The use of ukulele and horn in this song is very creative and evokes a summery vibe. This album is their second best album behind No No No.
Insulin is life—without it, the body can't convert the food we eat into the energy that's needed to survive. Type 1 diabetes targets for destruction the cells that make insulin, and so the disease absolutely requires that insulin be taken as a medication. The relationship between insulin and type 2 diabetes is more complicated. People with type 2 can make some of their own insulin, but it's not enough to maintain normal blood glucose levels.
Type 2 diabetes can be treated with medication in several ways: encourage beta cells in the pancreas to make more insulin, help the body be more responsive to the insulin that's there, or deliver more insulin by injection or pump. Without question, the last option is the right call for certain people with type 2 diabetes. Are you one of them? There are a lot of myths about insulin, leading some to view the medication with suspicion. It's time to clear up what's insulin fact, what's fiction, and what's not necessarily so.
1. Once you start, you can't stop (FICTION)
Insulin has gotten a reputation for being an “end of the line” medication for type 2 that once started, can't be stopped. “Patients ask if this is the rest of your life,” says Luigi Meneghini, MD, MBA, director of the Kosow Diabetes Treatment Center at the University of Miami Health System. Once glucose levels are controlled and lifestyle changes are in place, people may be able to use oral meds instead of insulin or reduce multiple daily injections to once daily.
2. Insulin means you failed at caring for your diabetes (FICTION)
In a large study that explored people's beliefs about insulin, “some patients saw insulin use, or the need to start insulin, as a personal failure,” according to Andrew Karter, PhD, a researcher at Kaiser Permanente. It's not. Type 2 diabetes is a progressive illness, which means that over time the body makes less and less insulin. Even people without diabetes produce less insulin as they age.
3. Insulin causes diabetes complications (FICTION)
While it may be true that people with type 2 diabetes who use insulin tend to have more diabetes-related complications—such as heart, eye, and kidney disease—this is a good example of an association that has nothing to do with cause and effect. The link exists, says Karter, because insulin users have had diabetes longer on average than those who take other medications. Having diabetes for a long time, even when it is controlled, makes some types of complications more likely. Plus, doctors may tend to prescribe insulin for people who are having trouble getting blood glucose under control. Uncontrolled blood glucose levels can raise the risk for complications. Insulin helps bring blood glucose to target, which can prevent complications, not cause them.
4. Insulin is only for people who've had diabetes a long time (FICTION)
Sometimes insulin is the right choice for a person newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, says Meneghini, particularly if blood glucose levels are very high at diagnosis. “There are studies that show an intensive insulin approach for six months or a year tends to be more successful at preserving [insulin production] than oral medications,” he says. After blood glucose levels are under control, he adds, it may be possible to reduce or stop insulin and use another type of diabetes medication.
5. Oral medications are safer (NOT NECESSARILY)
It's true that too much insulin can cause blood sugar to go too low (hypoglycemia), but it is otherwise quite safe and has no adverse effects on the heart, kidneys, pancreas, or liver, as do some other diabetes medications. “Insulin can be thought of as a clean medicine,” says Meneghini. That's good news for people with liver or kidney problems, who may not be able to take diabetes medications that are processed through these organs.
6. Injections hurt (NOT NECESSARILY)
Insulin has to make its way under the skin to work, and for that you need a needle. Some people may experience discomfort when injecting insulin. However, today's insulin needles are short and very thin—about the same thickness as three hairs laid side by side—making injections less painful than they once were. To help put his patients with new insulin prescriptions at ease, Meneghini injects himself with an insulin syringe containing saline a few times in the office before his patients leave. “They either think I'm completely crazy or that it doesn't hurt so much,” he says. If concerns about pain are keeping you from trying insulin, talk to your doctor about testing a needle during a visit. You may be pleasantly surprised.
7. Insulin will lead to weight gain (NOT NECESSARILY)
Insulin helps the body absorb the calories from the foods you eat, so weight gain is a risk. When starting insulin, you can take steps to avoid packing on pounds. The obvious strategy is to eat less and exercise more. Yet there are other approaches to preventing weight gain. For example, “there is evidence that if you take insulin with metformin, then there is less weight gain,” says John Buse, MD, PhD, of the University of North Carolina–Chapel Hill School of Medicine. Some studies have also shown that using an injectable incretin mimetic, such as exenatide (Byetta) or liraglutide (Victoza), and insulin may also prevent weight gain.
8. Insulin can cause hypoglycemia (FACT)
The occasional low may be hard to avoid when taking insulin, but people with type 2 diabetes who take only long-acting insulin are less likely to have hypoglycemia than those taking multiple daily shots of mealtime insulin. “That first episode may be scary,” says Meneghini, but he tries to get patients to come around to the idea that the unpleasant symptoms are actually a good thing. “That's your body telling you that your blood glucose is too low and you need to eat something,” he says. Before you start a new exercise routine or change your eating plan or if you experience lows, talk to your doctor about a dose adjustment.
9. Taking insulin is hard (NOT NECESSARILY)
You may associate insulin with testing blood glucose, carbohydrate counting, and other tasks. Some insulin users do benefit from these activities, but not everyone will need to do the extra work. For example, most people with type 2 diabetes who take insulin use a fixed dose of long-acting insulin, so they may not need to count carbohydrate grams, which is a strategy for adjusting mealtime insulin doses. Whether blood glucose testing is needed is more complicated. The jury is still out on who benefits from blood glucose monitoring, says Meneghini, though he encourages self-checks by people changing or adjusting medications, food, or exercise. Blood glucose measurements tend to be useless, however, without instructions on how to use the information, he says: “The frequency of testing and when you test are dependent on what you are going to do with that result.”
Types of Insulin
The body makes just one type of insulin, but scientists have developed a variety of insulins that can be taken as medication. The goal with insulin given as medication is to mimic how the body adjusts insulin levels automatically. In the absence of diabetes, the body produces low, steady insulin levels between meals and produces rapid, high peaks of insulin at meals to “match” how much food is eaten.
Long-acting insulin
begins to work several hours after injection and lowers blood glucose levels somewhat evenly over a 24-hour period.
Types: Insulin detemir (Levemir) and insulin glargine (Lantus)
Rapid-acting insulin
begins to work 15 minutes after injection, peaks in one hour, and is effective for two to four hours. It's used in insulin pumps and for mealtime injections.
Types: Insulin glulisine (Apidra), insulin lispro (Humalog), and insulin aspart (NovoLog)
Other insulins
include regular or short-acting insulin (Humulin R, Novolin R); intermediate-acting insulin, or NPH (Humulin N, Novolin N); and premixed insulins, which combine fast-acting and longer-acting insulin.
Lavish your adoration onto my friends, the rad lady and gender non-conforming folk who make up the resistance against #Gamergate. Checkout my other interviews, with Toni Rocca, Soha Kareem and Aevee Bee, by clicking on the little purple words.
It seems facetious, in the wake of my elation at getting this chance to talk with her, to introduce Leigh Alexander with a rundown of where you might have seen her work. She's an inspiration—knowing that she reads anything I've written anchors me in times of self-doubt. She's a friend—my friend.
Social justice is not a politic—it is a committed relationship of solidarity with the people you care for. There's no going home to "unwind." The outcomes of our struggles have consequences that twinge the tint of our coffee dates and late nights spent gossiping about girls in garter belts.
I want you to meet my friends, to know them—to see the amazing work they do and be, like me, motivated to conspire against the lies that kill.
Leigh has penned a plethora of amazing articles you should read (after this interview), about the decline of gamers as a consumer demographic, the common ground video games have with theater, and Eurovision. She has a wonderful Let's Play series.
Her work hurls the human element back into the fray of tech/games writing, a scene experiencing a deliberate pushback from an anti-diversity camp whose desire for a "unbiased, uncorrupt" community requires our rational absence. Logically. The capabilities of technology expand so rapidly that it can come as a challenge to really remember what it was like before we had the ability to experience nervous breakdowns from an email arriving two minutes too late. Her article on spambots from the '90s will really help you reconnect.
She was featured by Breitbart as one of the feminist bullies destroying video games, which I believe in and of itself warrants a tiara from the community. Start a collection—I'm good for about $5.
You're a columnist, a vlogger—and you even wrote a dang book! You are far and away from what I guess a layperson would imagine a "video game journalist" to be—just crunching arbitrary numbers for Sound, Gameplay, etc. How (or when) did it become clear to you that you were headed for uncharted territory? Was that always the plan?
I think I would give myself too much credit to say I had a "plan." I started doing this maybe eight years ago, and I was conscious that my perspective was outside of the norm, but I wasn't able to really articulate it in what way (there were some cringe-inducing "HEY BOYZ, I AM A GIRL THAT'S RIGHT :D" moments, probably). But mostly I was driven by the feeling that there were other ways of thinking about games and participating in games besides the signposts we were commonly being offered, and I wrote into that gap. From there I kind of felt my way along the walls.
I had a lot of important revelations along the way thanks to women who asked for better from me and taught and reminded me how to be a better listener. It takes a while for any writer to find a voice and a purpose she can feel confident in. In that respect my journey has been incredibly ordinary. I am also conscious that I wasn't the first person to explore outside the parameters of traditional games writing. Not even close. I just was probably the loudest and elbowed my way to the front.
You wrote two books, Breathing Machine and Clipping Through; one of them is on Amazon and the other is on Gumroad. How are the two platforms different, in relation to you, the creator, and which do you prefer?
Yes, I wrote two! Breathing Machine is a memoir of growing up alongside the early Internet, which was as magical and formative a virtual space for me as any video game, probably even moreso. It was revelatory for me as a weird kid to discover this haven of weird kids, and moreover to notice that the things that made me alienated in my real life—knowing about Sailor Moon, writing elaborate corny grunge music poetry—had a place on Usenet.
Clipping Through is more specifically focused on the games industry, and what it's like to be a writer in that space. I thought some of my personal stories about people and feelings, from my perspective up close to what's actually a very complicated and easily misunderstood space, would be interesting to people. I did Breathe Machine through a publisher that offered me an advance to do the book, but I soon regretted working with that publisher thanks to some shitty articles they unapologetically published that basically contained hate speech. I thought self-publishing would let me get out from under that relationship, and I also had a hunch it would allow me to make more money and to pay other people in the process. So that's what I'm doing now—I'm going to build a digital storefront where each thing I publish is a collaboration of some kind. Liz Ryerson is an artist, musician and critic whose work I think is incredible, and she contributed some of her art and an afterword to Clipping Through. I'm able to pay her royalties every month, which makes me happy as I'm continually interested in ways writers can support one another in a sustainable ecosystem.
I am really proud of both books, but obviously I'd rather have people buy Clipping Through rather than give money to a publisher that promoted phobic language.
You're a fastidious journalist and critic, tempered with a very clear affection for what you're writing about. How do you navigate the intimacy and vulnerability of what you write?
I'm not sure, actually. I think I have to weigh the value of offering intimacy and making myself vulnerable against how important the thing I'm talking about is. I want to make sure the reader and I remain comfortable. On one hand I think that emotional honesty can be engaging for readers and can humanize a topic like games—while acting as a sort of political protest against viewing games solely as "objective tech products." At the same time, I don't intend to spill my guts just to make a point about, I dunno, some forgettable "AAA" title.
I think I feel at liberty to not be fastidious sometimes, too. I sometimes just look at something and I immediately don't like it and I tend to feel allowed to do that. I have a reputation for taking myself really seriously, but I wish people noticed the times that I, like, had a sense of humor about stuff. It makes me feel balanced.
If someone across the pond asked to trade you a piece of clothing that had a lot of sentimental value but could still be parted with for something of theirs, what would you choose?
I've kept a few T-shirts over the years. Like, I still have this FF7 launch T-shirt that I got from preordering the game at the mall in 1999. I have my black Chuck Taylors that I got when I was 13 and I still can wear them. I have a T-shirt that I used to borrow from my grandmother when I slept over at her house as a kid; she apparently got it at a party, as the employees of the Chinese restaurant I used to work at told me it said "Happy Birthday" to someone or another in Chinese. I guess I wouldn't be able to part with any of those things. If I had to trade something . . . I struggle to feel sentimental about clothes. I tend to resent them, actually, because nothing ever fits me correctly or looks good on me. Just nothing. I am more likely to be sentimental about jewelry, like, costume jewelry. I have a lot of rings that I wear on my pointer fingers.
How did you come to the decision to write books and did you find the medium or process inhibiting, given that so much of your work relies on interaction, even if only just a comments section?
I wanted to know if I could, I guess. The first time was because someone offered me money, and they said it didn't have to be long. My ebooks are not, like, standard novel length. As a writer, not knowing whether I could do a book or not was a big hanging question that I didn't like having over me. I didn't know if I could become a journalist either, but I did it by carrying on writing blog posts all the time until I knew what I was doing. Maybe if I write a lot of longer-form works, those too will be good. It's an interesting pacing challenge I don't feel that I've mastered.
Yeah, I found it tough. So much of what I'm good at revolves around using tight spaces. Most everything I write these days tops out naturally at 1,500 words; that is the rhetorical structure I'm used to using. So sometimes I'd just have to take my laptop to the pub and get drunk to get myself to keep typing, and edit it later.
This whole idea that "social justice" is ruining games journalism isn't even rationally tangible because the most compelling games writing (i.e. yours) has an inseparable human element to it which is what actually drives and compels it. Just some shop talk between pros.
I agree with you. Maybe there was a time when I would have accepted "you're the only one doing x" as a compliment, but these days I find it harder to hear, as there is just this explosive flourishing of experimental writing around games, and compassion for representation is really what drives this.
Women, queer folks and marginalized folks writing about feelings is a response to or a protest against the "dudes putting scores on things" dominant mode; the appetite for social justice has raised the bar all around. The flourishing of experimental work, especially from marginalized people, has unequivocally challenged me, educated me, and made my own work better. I think it's even had an impact on the "big guys," in that we've been loud enough that they know they have to make certain levels of compassion a priority in their writing, or else be criticized. The appetite for social justice has helped at least start a conversation about accountability and inclusion, and anyone who thinks that results in fewer options or worse writing . . . like, how could you think that and still be rational?
Tell me about a dish you've eaten that now makes you sad. Maybe it's connected to a loved one or was once a loved one itself.
Friendly's restaurants—I guess they had them in New England when I was a kid, and most of them are closed now. When I was a child my loved ones would take me to Friendly's, and I would get a black raspberry ice cream sundae. Black raspberry was my favorite because it was pale purple, and at Friendly's they'd do this clown sundae, with the cone on top being a hat, and fudge hair, and a face made out of Reese's Pieces. It was sweet and tender and kind of sad-looking and thinking of it reminds me of rare times of nurturing during a largely-troubled upbringing.
I would not eat it now as I don't tolerate lactose well as an adult and chocolate gives me a migraine sometimes and there are hardly any more Friendly's restaurants so I think that makes it extra mopey and sad.
I remember being a young girl, living in Germany, and how that subscription to GamePro Magazine felt like it and it alone was tethering me back to American culture. You live in England—do you feel a disconnect or dissonance with your American colleagues and American gamer culture? And what, if any, effect has this context had in your role as a target and critic of GamerGate?
I haven't felt disconnected. There are some differences between the gaming culture here and at home, but I can't quite put my finger on it. But so much of this is my professional environment now, and I travel so much for festivals and stuff, that my sense of gaming culture feels generally global.
What cocktail pairs best with the following: the "Aquatic Ruin Zone of Sonic The Hedgehog 2," "Shadow of the Colossus," "Um Jammer Lammy," "King's Quest VI"?
For "Aquatic Ruin Zone," you'd want a gin and rosemary with a little lemon. Herbal and clean.
For "Shadow of the Colossus, a bourbon with a splash of ginger beer.
For "Um Jammer Lammy," I feel like you'd want one of those bright '70s drinks, like . . . a Blue Hawaii or a Scorpion Bowl. That kind of thing.
I think for "King's Quest VI" you really want a super briny Bloody Mary.
If I managed to smuggle Texas toast out of here and into England for you, would you ride a tandem bike with me? Have you ever done that? It seems one of those things idolized by people in platonic relationships—it's like the "just friends" equivalent of fucking in a bed of rose petals. Though saying "just friends" suggests that platonic intimacy isn't super important and empowering and saving lives every day.
I've never ridden a tandem bike, but I would ride one with you, if the bike is not too tall. I get very scared on tall bikes. And you're right, "just" is such a crummy thing to say about a friend.
I just heard your voice for the first time in your Lo-Fi Let's Play of "The Colonel's Bequest." You have such a charming, enrapturing timbre—I feel safe. It's strange to reflect that I've long looked up to and considered you a friend/comrade but without this intimate context of your humanity. You're a real person and what we are fighting for affects real people. I guess I don't really have a question here.
That's a very sweet thing to say. All of those games that I play on Lo-Fi Let's Plays are often my safe places, and I think I just wanted to bring that sense of safety to anyone who comes along and listens to them.
I always looked up to you, too. You seem a lot smarter and nicer and tougher than I am—
(Author's note: Lies.)
—and your pinball thing was wicked.
You can buy Leigh's book Clipping Through: One Mad Week In Video Games through digital download over at Gumroad—which is where the link points to. Just click the link. The book is really good.
Doctor Who returned today with the long-awaited episode “Let's Kill Hitler.” The show is not only avoiding doing obvious things with such a title, but is also delivering answers to questions it had previously raised, while raising new ones – in other words, it is full speed ahead doing all the things that fans love about Doctor Who. Spoilers await in the remainder of this post, and so if you have not yet seen the episode, and want to watch it spoiler free, then please bookmark this page and come back later.
First, let me start with the features that relate to the intersection of religion and science fiction. One obvious one is the revelation (which had already been leaked in some interviews, but only appeared in the show tonight) that the Silence are not a species, but a religious order. Given that we previously encountered the headless monks as an order apparently dedicated to their hunt for the Doctor, this might not be that surprising. But it suggests that religion is going to feature prominently in coming episodes.
We know that one of those episodes will be called “The God Complex” and in fact the concept of a God complex appeared in today's episode. The main new characters are a group of time travelers who find war criminals, extract them just before the end of their life, and “give them hell.” As the Doctor puts it, who they think they are is obvious. But this notion of ensuring “justice” by inflicting pain on the wicked rather than by eliminating wickedness provides a great starting point for discussion of the topic whether posthumous punishment of the sort that Judaism and Christianity developed actually achieves justice. The Doctor's approach works towards the redemption rather than punishment of Melody Pond, offering a different approach which, if not the one that many Christians embrace, is also in keeping with certain core Christian emphases.
We also learn some rules of time travel and being connected with the Doctor in the episode, and rule #1 is arguably the most interesting and discussion-worthy.
One more thing: if you read this far but are trying to avoid major spoilers before watching, then DON'T under any circumstances go to the River Song page on the BBC web site. Even just the picture there gives a lot away.
If you saw the episode, what did you think of it? Which of the components related to the intersection of religion and science did you find most interesting, and which are you most hoping will be explored further in future episodes?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- Downtown Denver is full of colorful characters and colorful places, but there's much more to the city's past than what meets the eye.
Denver has a treasure trove of history underground.
Colorado author Tracy Beach literally wrote the book on Denver's tunnels after crawling through dozens of them when her curiosity got the better of her.
“I just love finding history that people don't really know about,” she said.
Many of the tunnels were built to connect restaurants, hotels and shops throughout downtown.
“Grocery stores, butcher shops, laundry. You had some kitchens for different restaurants. They would possibly cook it one place and then would go through the tunnels to deliver it to different hotels,” she said.
Some were also built in the wake of race riots in the late 1800s, when Denver's Chinatown was destroyed, as a place for those workers to hide.
The tunnels were naturally located underneath some of the city's oldest buildings, including Union Station and the Oxford Hotel. Others existed beneath what was then Denver's "red-light district" on Market Street.
“They would come through the tunnels and up into the buildings, and then sneak up the stairs to where the girls were,” Beach said.
Denver's most elaborate building also had a tunnel system. Tunnels beneath the State Capitol connected nine buildings throughout the Capitol complex and run for entire blocks under city streets and sidewalks.
Doug Platt is the spokesman for the state Department of Personnel and Administration. He has walked every inch of those tunnels. While there are many rumors about why they were built, they actually served a very practical purpose.
“There's actually ore car tracks you can still see today. ... When they poured the floor, they left those tracks visible. Back when they built the Capitol, this building was heated with coal,” Platt said.
Mules and coal dust weren't the only subterrain hazard workers had to watch out for. A river of sorts also once ran underground in the form of open sewage.
“Sewer from the building would drain down from gravity and then run through what at the time were open trenches,” Platt said.
However, it wasn't all muck and mules. The elaborate maze of tunnels beneath the Capitol also once hid treasure locked away in giant vaults.
“A hundred years ago, the state actually stored its treasury down here. That was the days before ATMs,” Platt said.
Rare pieces of marble are also still securely stored underground. Rose onyx is used on the main floors of the Capitol. The same can be said for Denver's tunnel system.
The elaborate network once connecting dozens of buildings is on the verge of extinction. Most have been destroyed because of safety concerns.
“They really need to save these things. You can't just keep saving trolley tracks and fancy dresses. This is also part of our history,” Beach said.
“It's really a window into a century and a lifestyle that's long gone, and it's really a pleasure to show it to the people of Colorado,” Platt said.
It's hidden history right beneath our feet.
Beach's book, "The Tunnels under Our Feet,” is about the 14 Colorado towns with an underground tunnel network.
The Canadian Press
WATERLOO, Ont. -- BlackBerry Ltd. (TSX:BB) is standing firm on its promise to close its operations in Pakistan rather than accept that country's demands for "unfettered" access to its BES servers, even after a one-month delay in the government's deadline.
The Waterloo, Ont.-smartphone company said in a blog post Monday that it will continue to operate in Pakistan until Dec. 30 as a result of a one-month extension to a compliance order issued by the Pakistan Telecommunications Authority in July.
BlackBerry had said previously that it would pull out of Pakistan rather than comply with a demand for full access to content on its BlackBerry Enterprise Service by Nov. 30.
The company says the Pakistani government wants the ability to monitor all traffic in the country, including every BES email and BES BBM. BES communications are routed through the company's servers in Canada.
BlackBerry says it's willing to work with Pakistani authorities to protect public safety, but that the privacy of its customers is paramount and something on which it won't compromise.
BlackBerry operations chief Marty Beard said in a blog post that the company recognizes the need to co-operate with lawful government investigations of criminal activity, but it has never permitted wholesale access to BlackBerry servers.
The company has built its reputation on security, buying up specialized software firms and marketing its phones, including the new Priv, on their privacy features.
Laura Tribe, a digital rights expert with the OpenMedia advocacy group, said it was encouraging that BlackBerry and other companies are standing up for users' privacy in the face of demands from governments.
"They're actually willing to draw a line in the sand somewhere to not undermine the technologies that we need to keep our information safe," she said.
This isn't the first time BlackBerry has faced a potential ban.
India and several other countries, including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, threatened to ban BlackBerry in 2010 because of the company's refusal to hand over control of customer data.
Like Pakistan is doing now, India cited public safety and its efforts to combat militants in the wake of the 2008 attacks in Mumbai, its financial capital, that killed 166 people. Indian officials said the 10 heavily armed gunmen who rampaged through the city used mobile phones to co-ordinate the attack.
Pressure eased after BlackBerry, then Research in Motion, was able to convince each country to comply with its existing lawful access policies.
Former “Apprentice” contestant Summer Zervos, who accused Donald Trump of groping her, put out a new statement on Saturday with details about the cousin who is denying her claims.
ADVERTISEMENT
John Barry, who released a statement rebutting her story via the Trump campaign Friday, is a “huge Trump supporter” and was recently fired from Zervos's family restaurant, said the statement by attorney Gloria Allred, according to the Huffington Post.
NEW: Statement from Gloria Allred:
1. There's a third witness to Zervos' story.
2. Cousin John Barry was let go from Zervos' restaurant. pic.twitter.com/NDrODSc1Hr — Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) October 15, 2016
“Since then he has expressed hostility and ill will towards Summer,” the statement reads.
The statement from Barry denied Zervos's story, saying that she has been a supporter of Trump, and claimed she was making allegations against Trump in order to get back on television.
The Saturday statement from Allred also included details of another witness to Zervos's assault.
“Today we were contacted by Ann Russo who remembers that years earlier Summer confided in Ann about what Summer said Mr. Trump did to her,” the statement says.
“This is now a third person who has corroborated that Summer told people who were close to her what she alleges Mr. Trump did to her.”
Zervos came forward in a press conference alongside her lawyer on Friday to describe the 2007 incident in which she says Trump grabbed her and forcibly kissed her.
Experts say the ‘alt-right' have stormed mainstream consciousness by using ‘humor' and ambiguity as tactics to wrong-foot their opponents
Earlier this month, hundreds of “alt-right” protesters occupied the rotunda at Boston Common in the name of free speech. The protest included far-right grouplets old and new – from the Oath Keepers to the Proud Boys. But there were no swastikas or shaved heads in sight.
Instead, the protest imagery was dominated by ostensibly comedic images, mostly cribbed from forums and social media. It looked a little like an animated version of a favorite “alt-right” message board, 4chan.
The weakening of the 'alt-right': how infighting and doxxing are taking a toll Read more
At least one attendee was dressed as the cartoon frog Pepe (a character co-opted by the movement against the wishes of its creator). Others carried the flag of “Kekistan”, the imaginary country created 4chan members. Kyle Chapman, the man who became the “based stick man” meme after attacking anti-fascists armed with a gas mask and a Captain America shield, also addressed the crowd. The same crowd later confronted a counter anti-fascist protest in the street.
Jack Smith IV (@JackSmithIV) A hundred are gathered with Kekistan flags, shields, stickman helmets and ski masks — "Normies out! Normies out!" pic.twitter.com/iMSeuWPG92
Until recently, it would have been hard to imagine the combination of street violence meeting internet memes. But experts say that the “alt-right” have stormed mainstream consciousness by weaponizing irony, and by using humour and ambiguity as tactics to wrong-foot their opponents.
Last week, the Data & Society Institute released a report on the online disinformation and manipulation that is increasingly shaping US politics. The report focused on the way in which far-right actors “spread white supremacist thought, Islamophobia, and misogyny through irony and knowledge of internet culture”.
One the report's authors, Dr Alice Marwick, says that fascist tropes first merged with irony in the murkier corners of the internet before being adopted by the “alt-right” as a tool. For the new far-right movement, “irony has a strategic function. It allows people to disclaim a real commitment to far-right ideas while still espousing them.”
Marwick says that from the early 2000s, on message boards like 4chan, calculatedly offensive language and imagery have been used to “provoke strong reactions in outsiders”. Calling all users “fags”, or creating memes using gross racial stereotypes, “serves a gate-keeping function, in that it keeps people out of these spaces, many of which are very easy to access”.
Irony has a strategic function. It allows people to disclaim commitment to far-right ideas while still espousing them Dr Alice Marwick, researcher
Violating the standards of political correctness and the rules of polite interactions “also functions as an act of rebellion” in spaces drenched in adolescent masculinity.
This was played up by Milo Yiannopoulos in an infamous Breitbart explainer last year, in which he insisted that the “alt-right” movement's circulation of antisemitic imagery was really nothing more than transgressive fun.
“Are they actually bigots?” Yiannopoulos asked rhetorically. “No more than death metal devotees in the 1980s were actually satanists. For them, it's simply a means to fluster their grandparents.”
What Yiannopoulos left out, according to Marwick, is that these spaces increasingly became attractive to sincere white supremacists. They offered them venues for recruitment, and new methods for popularising their ideas.
In other words, troll culture became a way for fascism to hide in plain sight.
Marwick points to another guide to the “alt-right”, published last on Andrew Anglin's prominent Nazi site, the Daily Stormer, which credited “troll culture” with bringing about “non-ironic Nazism masquerading as ironic Nazism”:
Irony allows people to strategically distance themselves from the very real commitment to white supremacist values that many of these forums have.
It also allows individuals to push boundaries in public, and to back away when they meet resistance. When Richard Spencer led a fascist salute to Donald Trump at his National Policy Insitute conference in the wake of Trump's win, he said it was done in “a spirit of irony and exuberance”.
Andrew McGill (@andrewmcgill) "Hail Trump!" and Nazi salutes. This happened in D.C., in a giant convention. https://t.co/fzoNDwFeVP pic.twitter.com/Z6XyyHSHth
A compounding difficulty for opponents of the “alt-right” is that online, it's always been difficult to tell the difference between sincerity and satire.
Ryan Milner teaches Communication at the College of Charleston, and is the co-author of a new book called The Ambivalent Internet. The book ponders the implications of Poe's law, an internet adage that points to the difficulties of online communication and of distinguishing extremist views from parodies.
“Unless you have an obvious marker of another person's intent, you can't really gauge their intent. They could be messing around. They could be deadly serious. They could be a mix of both,” Milner says.
But ironic, playful content can have effects in real life. Milner offers the example of Edgar Welch, who turned up at Comet Ping Pong Pizza in Washington DC with a gun after imbibing too deeply of the so-called Pizzagate conspiracy theory. The theory was ginned up by forum trolls and amplified by fringe rightwing media. It asserted, on the basis of some of John Podesta's leaked emails, that the restaurant was the hub of an elite pedophile ring.
Fascism is more or less a social taboo. Humour is one of the ways that they can put forward their positions Alexander Reid Ross, author
Last December, Welch drove to Washington from North Carolina with three firearms. When he arrived, he texted a friend: “Raiding a pedo ring, possible sacrificing the lives of a few for the lives of many.” He fired shots inside the restaurant, but fortunately was arrested without harming anyone.
“A lot of the people propagating the Pizzagate conspiracy were doing it winkingly. But in the moment that somebody walked into that shop with a gun, then that playful buzzing participation around that conspiracy turned into real consequences,” Milner says.
More generally, every “ironic” repetition of far-right ideals contributes to a climate in which racism, misogyny, or Islamophobia is normalised.
“Every time you see a viral video of somebody shouting down a person of Muslim descent in a supermarket line, what you're seeing are the effects of an environment where it's increasingly normal, increasingly accepted and expected to speak in this register, whether or not that started out as a joke,” Milner says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Milo Yiannopoulos gives a speech at Trinity University, San Antonio, Texas. Photograph: ZumaWire/Rex
Author Alexander Reid Ross agrees that irony has been deployed by the far right in chipping away at whatever prohibitions have existed around publicly adopting far-right politics. His book, Against the Fascist Creep, published late last year, explores the long history of fascists attempting to mainstream their ideas, or even sell them to the left.
“Fascism is more or less a social taboo. It's unacceptable in modern society,” Ross says. “Humour or irony is one of the ways that they can put forward their affective positions without having to fall back on any affirmative ideological positions.”
He adds: “They're putting forward the anger, the sense of betrayal, the need for revenge, the resentment, the violence. They're putting forward the male fantasies, the desire for a national community and a sense of unity and a rejection of Muslims. They're doing all of that, but they're not stating it.”
They hate the US government, and they're multiplying: the terrifying rise of 'sovereign citizens' Read more
The best response is to stubbornly take the “alt-right” at their word. Angela Nagle's book about the “alt-right”, Kill All Normies, will be released next month. She says that for the “alt-right”, online irony “is a mechanism for undermining the confidence of their critics”.
“The thing that people have to realize is that it isn't that complicated. We know what they believe in, and if you say that you're ‘alt-right', presumably you believe in those things too.”
Rather than getting lost in the weeds of a fast-moving internet culture, we should be bearing down hard on those core beliefs.
“Journalists should be saying, ‘I don't want to talk about Pepe memes and hand signs. Tell me what are the limits of what you're prepared to do'. We should force them to talk about what they really stand for,” Nagle says.
In future, the best step may be to meet irony with sincerity.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
Samantha Bee seems very ready for 2017 to be over.
In her final Full Frontal of the year, the host began by digging into Fox News' increasingly irrational attempts to undermine Robert Mueller's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
“If you're visiting your elderly white parents for the holidays, here's a helpful preview of what you'll be hearing on every TV in their house,” Bee said Wednesday night before playing a montage of conspiracy theories from the Trump-supporting network, which has been in full-on freak-out mode over recently revealed text messages from FBI agents who, among other things, called the president a “douche.”
“A ‘douche?!' That is not fair. Douches are obsolete, gross and poison for vaginas,” Bee said. “Oh, wait, no, you know what? That checks out.” But, she added, “Calling Trump those names isn't even really an insult. Being a loathsome, terrifying idiot douche was practically his entire campaign platform.”
And then there was the Fox guest who suggested the FBI was plotting to assassinate Trump. “Dude, read the room,” Bee said. “You can't just float that kind of crazy conspiracy theory at Fox News, at least not without a visual aid.”
Despite the fact that Mueller fired the agents responsible for the offending messages, Bee noted that “Trump apologists say the texts are proof that the FBI is hopelessly biased, which makes sense,” adding, “Like every law enforcement agency, the FBI is notoriously liberal.”
Trump has repeatedly insisted that he has no plans to get rid of Mueller. “But firing Mueller isn't even the real goal since that would get Trump in more trouble,” Bee said. “The goal is to weaken his reputation so Republicans can ignore his findings.”
“Not that Republicans would ever ignore credible charges against one of their own or anything,” she added as Roy Moore's photo appeared on the screen. “You know what, Fox News, I have had enough of your crazy conspiracy theories! I'm changing the channel to the real news.”
With that, she cut to a report from MSNBC about UFOs. “You know what? Fuck it!” Bee concluded. “They need a female late-night host in space, right? I hope they're giving out space Emmys up there.”
For those seeking an extremely high quality sharpening surface, the Shapton GlassStones meet the needs of even the most discerning sharpener.
The 16,000 grit Shapton GlassStone provides a true mirror polish to tools and knives. The grit particles used on these stone are extremely small. This stone can only be used after you've created a very sharp edge with other fine grits. This grit is finer than any other stone we carry with the exception of the 30,000 Shapton GlassStone. The grit particle size for this stone measures .92 micron average.
Stone dimensions: 8 1/4" long and 2 3/4" wide x 3/8" thick (210mm x 70mm x 10.5mm).
The Shapton GlassStone HR Series of Ceramic Waterstones is Shapton's most advanced stones for sharpening hard steels and modern steel alloys. They are one of the highest quality stones available at any price. The Shapton GlassStone is a high quality ceramic waterstone that uses uniform ceramic abrasives to provide a consistent and fast cut. The stones are backed with glass (hence the name GlassStone) to provide an exceptionally flat base.
Fast Cutting and Longer Wear
Waterstones are known for fast cutting which speeds up sharpening. Shapton GlassStones are very fast cutting, yet they wear much less than traditional waterstones. By wearing slower, they will require less flattening and you will remove less abrasive material when flattening.
Glass Backing
Each stone is backed with 5 millimeters of glass which provides a firm, flat base to adhere the ceramic waterstone abrasives. In addition, the glass backing provides you with a greater utilization of the stone because you can wear it down to the very end. In any other waterstone, as they wear thin, the stone will break and cannot be used.
Abrasive Particles
The abrasive particles in the Shapton stones are very consistently graded for optimal performance. In some grits, the particles are within .01 micron of one another. In other words, each particle is the same size. This uniform size allows the stone to sharpen faster and create a better finish. If a stone is inconsistently graded some particles are larger (thus providing a coarser edge) while some are smaller (slowing down the sharpening process). In usage we've found Shapton Stones to be very consistent and true to the specified grits.
Size
The Shapton GlassStone measures 210mm x 70mm x 10.5mm. This is approximately 8 1/4" x 2-3/4" x 3/8". Each GlassStone is 10.5mm in total thickness with 5mm ceramic sharpening matrix and 5mm glass backing plate. This size is a good size for sharpening most tools and knives.
What is a GlassStone?
The stone itself is not made of glass. The ceramic sharpening matrix is actually white. The glass is only on the bottom of the stone to serve as a base. The grit and micron equivalents are marked on the underside of the stone and visible through the glass side for easy identification.
No Soaking Required.
Unlike traditional waterstones, Shapton waterstones do not require soaking. It is literally a “splash and go” stone. Since the binder doesn't absorb water, there is no need to soak the stones. We recommend a squirt bottle to keep the surface wet.
HR Series
The HR Series of GlassStones is a versatile stone for most sharpening applications (for straight razors and some high carbon steel we recommend the HC series). The HR Series is ideal for many harder steels, stainless steels as well as harder steel alloys.
Made in Japan
All Shapton GlassStones are made in Japan. We have been retailer of Shapton products for many years now. We have always found these stones to be of consistently high quality.
Sharpening Supplies is an authorized retailer of Shapton stones.
Japanese Part #50303
TONY Abbott won't be paying a cent to fight a $1.5 million lawsuit by One Nation co-founder David Ettridge with the Opposition Leader getting his high-powered legal team "pro-bono''.
In a declaration to the parliament, Mr Abbott confirmed Queensland-based McCullough Robertson were donating their time free of charge to work on the case.
"I wish to advise that Mr RG Bain QC is providing pro bono services as counsel in a legal matter and will be assisted by Mr N Ferrett also on a pro bono basis,'' Mr Abbott said.
"McCullogh (sic) Robertson lawyers will act for me on a pro bono basis in the same matter.''
Asked yesterday why the free legal services were obtained, a spokesman for the Opposition Leader said: "An offer was made and it was accepted''.
Brisbane-based McCullough Robertson is Queensland's largest independent law firm. The firm denied News Limited's request for comment when contacted on Friday.
Mr Ettridge yesterday said it was a farce that Mr Abbott was not paying for his own legal costs.
"This is just a case of the soldier ants rallying around the nest,'' he said.
"Mr Abbott doesn't accept responsibility for his breaking of the law and it is clear that he can't even accept the responsibility of paying his own way to defend this case.
"I guess the question needs to be asked is what political favours are being created by that firm that will be called up upon if Mr Abbott is prime minister after the next election.''
Last year Mr Abbott declared he was receiving pro bono legal services from Arnold Bloch Leibler in defending a defamation case brought against him by prominent unionist John Setka.
In March, Mr Ettridge said he hoped law firms would line up to provide pro bono services for him. But yesterday he said he was paying his own costs and expected the case would leave him up to $200,000 out of pocket.
The One Nation co-founder filed an application in the Supreme Court last month claiming Mr Abbott acted unlawfully in 1998 and 1999 by allegedly assisting and encouraging litigation against Pauline Hanson's One Nation party.
He and Ms Hanson together served 11 weeks of a three-year-jail term for electoral fraud in 2003. The convictions were overturned on appeal.
Mr Ettridge is seeking at least $1.5 million in damages.
The matter first went to court earlier this month. It is understood Mr Ettridge will lodge a statement of claim to the court detailing his allegations later this week.
Mr Abbott denies any wrongdoing. "I am confident that everything I did back then was justifiable and could be justified,'' he said last month.
Originally published as Abbott's legal team pro-bono again
KiwiRail is advising Hutt Valley Line and Wairarapa Line train commuters that it is planning to resume normal services on the Hutt Valley and Wairarapa lines tomorrow morning.
“Work is progressing well to restore the damaged track along Wellington's foreshore. All track is now in place and a tamper machine has been in operation through the night to level the track. Restoration of signalling and traction will need to take place before services can resume and this will be the focus for the KiwiRail teams today,” says KiwiRail's Chief Executive Jim Quinn.
“While support from the public has been superb under trying circumstances, we know the disruption to those travelling from the Wairarapa and Hutt Valley over the last few days has been significant. Our focus is to get our services up and running again as quickly as we can to minimise any further disruption and inconvenience.
“A test train is scheduled to run through the repaired site at 10pm tonight, and we expect to have the ability to run tomorrow morning's Hutt Valley and Wairarapa services as normal.”
There may be a speed restriction of 40km/h in place through the worksite heading into Wellington when the track is re-opened. This will add some minutes to the journey into Wellington. KiwiRail expects to be able to remove this restriction once the track has settled with train activity over a few days.
“I would like to acknowledge the incredible efforts of the repair and recovery crews who have worked around the clock with absolute dedication to ensure we can get services back up and running as soon as possible. I would also like to thank Tranz Metro staff who have worked extra hours out at stations assisting passengers, re-rostering staff, arranging bus replacements and providing regular communications to passengers,” says Mr Quinn.
Tranz Metro will be regularly updating passengers this evening and tomorrow morning with regard to peak services. While we expect to be able to operate trains as per normal through Petone, if there are any changes to the plan following the test train run, we will communicate this with passengers via text and on the website.
We also have bus services on standby if there are any changes to this plan.
We urge customers to check the website before they travel at www.tranzmetro.co.nz
END
Media Contact: Sophie Lee, Senior Communications Advisor, 027 435 9464, sophie.lee@kiwirail.co.nz
SirRobin Profile Joined December 2010 United States 269 Posts Last Edited: 2015-09-05 03:36:42 #1
Blizzard recently announced their current thoughts on Roach burrow movement speed and burrow-move usage in general. Roach burrow move speed
We agree that we probably went too far with this change. We've evaluated not just the high level streams and tournament games, but also looked into many replays that players sent us. Regardless of whether the burrow-move Roaches won Zerg the game, or if the strategy didn't quite work out, we agree that the current speed might be too much. We're trying our best to locate a number that encourages burrow-move usage more so than in HotS, but doesn't make the strategy quite as powerful as it is in the current state.
Burrow-move speed is just too high; Blizzard now knows this, whether they did or didn't before. I love this style, and I want it to be viable, as does Blizzard.
Here are my thoughts on how to make that happen
I love Burrow-move Roaches in LotV. I probably played 200 or so burrow-move games the 1st week of the Beta.
What encouraged me to play a burrow style, and fall in love with it, wasn't the speed, or the amount of damage I was doing, but more the ability to play a macro-oriented version of it. (My average game I make 76 workers, lol)
To play a style and have the confidence of knowing that if you scout a response, you have the ability to tech switch and counter their counter; it's what makes a style viable.
HotS Roach-burrow movement is not that. You must do damage, lots of it, otherwise you're just sitting on Roach tech which expires rather quickly.
Reverting the burrow-move speed roach upgrade back to an upgrade killed that. Now, when you go Roach burrow in LotV, you better do damage otherwise you're in a very similar boat; except thank god the speed is OP so pretty much the answer is yea, I'll be doing damage, lol.
So, this is my proposition.
Remove the requirement for an upgrade while drastically reducing the burrow-move speed.
Maybe make an upgrade to increase the move speed?
The reason behind this are a few things:
1. Roach burrow move, at a non-OP speed, is very difficult to surprise your opponent with. Because of #2.
2. You have to get Roach speed first in any macro-oriented game. This is so you can have the thinnest line of defense needed. ( roach speed is vital for D). Because of this, #3.
3. The style requires you to have been on roach tech for quite a long while. What this means is you better have been massing roaches to optimize the play style.
4. You rarely see a macro roach burrow move speed build. What that would look like would be something like 8 roaches, 4 per Overlord drop, different bases at once, harass with the burrow while macroing and teching to Muta.
Because it takes so long and costs an upgrade, investing 250 gas (burrow+speed) in a style you're only making 200 gas worth of army for isn't exactly the smartest. Only if you truly see that much value out of it. So either the speed is OP, or it shouldn't have an upgrade in order to do an 8 roach burrow move harass macro playstyle.
The style still requires you to get burrow which could be delaying a desired lair/3rd queen/overlord speed, and of course anything else that cost resources.
There is still a give and take, still a valuable choice as to when to go an 8 roach burrow move harass style.
Realize that this style also gives the ability to use burrow blings which I know we would all love to see. I know I love when I'm gifted the opportunity!
Also, don't concern balance, that can come later.
Thank you for reading and thank you for your consideration.
-SirRobin
Burrow-move speed is just too high; Blizzard now knows this, whether they did or didn't before. I love this style, and I want it to be viable, as does Blizzard.I love Burrow-move Roaches in LotV. I probably played 200 or so burrow-move games the 1st week of the Beta.What encouraged me to play a burrow style, and fall in love with it, wasn't the speed, or the amount of damage I was doing, but more the ability to play a macro-oriented version of it. (My average game I make 76 workers, lol)To play a style and have the confidence of knowing that if you scout a response, you have the ability to tech switch and counter their counter; it's what makes a style viable.HotS Roach-burrow movement is not that. You must do damage, lots of it, otherwise you're just sitting on Roach tech which expires rather quickly.Reverting the burrow-move speed roach upgrade back to an upgrade killed that. Now, when you go Roach burrow in LotV, you better do damage otherwise you're in a very similar boat; except thank god the speed is OP so pretty much the answer is yea, I'll be doing damage, lol.So, this is my proposition.Maybe make an upgrade to increase the move speed?The reason behind this are a few things:1. Roach burrow move, at a non-OP speed, is very difficult to surprise your opponent with. Because of #2.2. You have to get Roach speed first in any macro-oriented game. This is so you can have the thinnest line of defense needed. ( roach speed is vital for D). Because of this, #3.3. The style requires you to have been on roach tech for quite a long while. What this means is you better have been massing roaches to optimize the play style.4. You rarely see a macro roach burrow move speed build. What that would look like would be something like 8 roaches, 4 per Overlord drop, different bases at once, harass with the burrow while macroing and teching to Muta.Because it takes so long and costs an upgrade, investing 250 gas (burrow+speed) in a style you're only making 200 gas worth of army for isn't exactly the smartest. Only if you truly see that much value out of it. So either the speed is OP, or it shouldn't have an upgrade in order to do an 8 roach burrow move harass macro playstyle.The style still requires you to get burrow which could be delaying a desired lair/3rd queen/overlord speed, and of course anything else that cost resources.There is still a give and take, still a valuable choice as to when to go an 8 roach burrow move harass style.Realize that this style also gives the ability to use burrow blings which I know we would all love to see. I know I love when I'm gifted the opportunity!Also, don't concern balance, that can come later.Thank you for reading and thank you for your consideration.-SirRobin https://twitter.com/SirRobinSC2
crazedrat Profile Joined July 2015 272 Posts Last Edited: 2015-09-09 05:05:43 #2 Seems reasonable. I'd be ok with making the upgrade cheaper and research faster. They seem a bit too strong with automatically having burrow movement combined with the roach speed. At that point you'll be seeing them everywhere. Even just a sizable research time decrease would be very helpful.
CheddarToss Profile Joined September 2015 534 Posts Last Edited: 2015-09-09 05:48:44 #3 Roaches are currently so fast while burrowed, that they can be used to bum rush the army and end the game. Is that really what this ability should be used for?
I'm not gonna lie, I've always viewed roaches as a bland, boring, a-move unit, and I've hated the mass roach style for this reason since its inception. Anything that makes it weaker and forces the zerg to use a diverse unit composition is good for the game and a plus in my book. Especially since protoss can no longer play the death ball style, which I've also hated since WoL.
crazedrat Profile Joined July 2015 272 Posts Last Edited: 2015-09-09 05:55:34 #4 People go mass roach in PvZ right now?
CheddarToss Profile Joined September 2015 534 Posts #5 On September 09 2015 14:54 crazedrat wrote:
People go mass roach in PvZ right now?
Well I've seen it being successfully used a number of times against Huk, Puck, MC, Rotterdam, etc. And the sad thing was, it didn't seem like the zerg opponent was outplaying them, but rather that burrowed roaches can't be killed fast enough, especially when you have to split up your army and don't have concentrated fire power. They can tank insane amounts of damage when burrowed. And if they can outrun you, while burrowed, they can enter your bases even if your army is positioned properly. Well I've seen it being successfully used a number of times against Huk, Puck, MC, Rotterdam, etc. And the sad thing was, it didn't seem like the zerg opponent was outplaying them, but rather that burrowed roaches can't be killed fast enough, especially when you have to split up your army and don't have concentrated fire power. They can tank insane amounts of damage when burrowed. And if they can outrun you, while burrowed, they can enter your bases even if your army is positioned properly.
WhiteLuminous Profile Joined July 2015 43 Posts #6 The reason roaches no longer automatically get movement when burrowed is because of 1 base burrow roach builds. It is scary enough as it is from a Protoss perspective because you can't open forge against Roaches (Ravagers) meaning you have to not only rush out a Robo, but you have to have enough gateways in the meantime to make sure you don't let them unburrow as they try to heal.
I really like burrow roach though, and think it should be a little easier to get given the toned-down movement speed. I'm not sure how you would balance it so that it gets used more in ZvT or ZvP and not dominate ZvZ. I feel like too many ZvZ games would be decided by the more effective burrow harass, and likewise the less effective burrow harass defense.
imJealous Profile Joined July 2010 United States 1364 Posts #7 On September 09 2015 16:13 WhiteLuminous wrote:
The reason roaches no longer automatically get movement when burrowed is because of 1 base burrow roach builds. It is scary enough as it is from a Protoss perspective because you can't open forge against Roaches (Ravagers) meaning you have to not only rush out a Robo, but you have to have enough gateways in the meantime to make sure you don't let them unburrow as they try to heal.
I really like burrow roach though, and think it should be a little easier to get given the toned-down movement speed. I'm not sure how you would balance it so that it gets used more in ZvT or ZvP and not dominate ZvZ. I feel like too many ZvZ games would be decided by the more effective burrow harass, and likewise the less effective burrow harass defense.
Maybe if burrow move (at a slower speed) came with the roach move speed upgrade? Maybe if burrow move (at a slower speed) came with the roach move speed upgrade? ... In life very little goes right. "Right" meaning the way one expected and the way one wanted it. One has no right to want or expect anything.
crazedrat Profile Joined July 2015 272 Posts Last Edited: 2015-09-09 19:56:10 #8 On September 09 2015 15:02 CheddarToss wrote:
Show nested quote +
On September 09 2015 14:54 crazedrat wrote:
People go mass roach in PvZ right now?
Well I've seen it being successfully used a number of times against Huk, Puck, MC, Rotterdam, etc. And the sad thing was, it didn't seem like the zerg opponent was outplaying them, but rather that burrowed roaches can't be killed fast enough, especially when you have to split up your army and don't have concentrated fire power. They can tank insane amounts of damage when burrowed. And if they can outrun you, while burrowed, they can enter your bases even if your army is positioned properly. Well I've seen it being successfully used a number of times against Huk, Puck, MC, Rotterdam, etc. And the sad thing was, it didn't seem like the zerg opponent was outplaying them, but rather that burrowed roaches can't be killed fast enough, especially when you have to split up your army and don't have concentrated fire power. They can tank insane amounts of damage when burrowed. And if they can outrun you, while burrowed, they can enter your bases even if your army is positioned properly.
Was the Protoss playing standard? Was the Protoss playing standard?
PinheadXXXXXX Profile Joined February 2012 United States 897 Posts #9 On September 10 2015 02:00 imJealous wrote:
Show nested quote +
On September 09 2015 16:13 WhiteLuminous wrote:
The reason roaches no longer automatically get movement when burrowed is because of 1 base burrow roach builds. It is scary enough as it is from a Protoss perspective because you can't open forge against Roaches (Ravagers) meaning you have to not only rush out a Robo, but you have to have enough gateways in the meantime to make sure you don't let them unburrow as they try to heal.
I really like burrow roach though, and think it should be a little easier to get given the toned-down movement speed. I'm not sure how you would balance it so that it gets used more in ZvT or ZvP and not dominate ZvZ. I feel like too many ZvZ games would be decided by the more effective burrow harass, and likewise the less effective burrow harass defense.
Maybe if burrow move (at a slower speed) came with the roach move speed upgrade? Maybe if burrow move (at a slower speed) came with the roach move speed upgrade?
I think this is the most elegant solution. Elimates early roach burrow move cheeses and forces it to lair tech, but doesn't require a massive investment. I think this is the most elegant solution. Elimates early roach burrow move cheeses and forces it to lair tech, but doesn't require a massive investment. Taeja the one true Byunjwa~
SirRobin Profile Joined December 2010 United States 269 Posts #10 1 base robo immortal warp prism play is advantageous vs. any 1 base zerg style. If you can survive it, you're in an unloseable position. If a probe scouts the Roach warren, or no speedlings researched, and does a 1 base robo build, I don't see it working out well for the zerg.
I'd love for Blizzard to test a both-in-one upgrade. It was pretty much like that at the start of LotV, but at a far faster speed.
The roaches were super slow with burrow move before the roach speed upgrade. Maybe use those exact numbers to test a post roach speed +burrow move upgrade?
https://twitter.com/SirRobinSC2
There is little argument against the notion that we have littered much of the globe:
Marine litter, in particular, has garnered quite a bit of attention due to the problems that things like plastic bags and ghost nets cause for some of our “sexy” charismatic megafauna (such as marine turtles). A new study published in PLOS ONE sheds light on just how far our litter has spread. Data from deep sea trawling and imaging surveys spanning about 12 years revealed marine litter in each of the 32 sampled sites. These sites ranged from 35m to a whopping 4500m (14,764 feet) in depth.
-Map from Pham et al. (2014) shows all sites that were sampled.
They found that plastic bags, glass bottles, and discarded fishing gear comprised the majority of the litter and they report higher litter densities for the seabed than have been previously reported for the sea surface. Debris was found over 1000 km from land and as previously stated, 4500m deep!
-Some photos of the marine litter seen from the imaging surveys. The SHALLOWEST of all of these photos was at 896m (nearly 3000 feet).
There is a definite knowledge gap with respect to the quantities of marine litter in out oceans. This study opens the door for further work to be done. Many people live with an “out of sight, out of mind” mentality, so the bottom of the ocean if far from the forefront of their thoughts. We, as the dominant race of this planet (and the reason for this trash pileup), can not turn a blind eye to what is happening. We must meet this problem head on and stop the spread of trash. There is no realistic way to clean the sea floor when it is so deep, so we must simply stop adding to it!
The fact that non-fishing gear plastic made up a large proportion of the trash suggests that it came from the land/coastal areas and gradually made it's way to the bottom. This should reaffirm the fact that we much continue to reduce our use of plastics (especially bags!). As easy way to help this is to bring your own bags when you go shopping.
High amounts of derelict fishing gear is another concern altogether. Fishermen must take great care to not discard things like nets and lines. They do nothing but wreak havoc when left to sink to the bottom:
Hopefully this study will open up funding opportunities to survey more of the seafloor so we can gain a better idea of marine litter levels. One thing is for sure, we must get better and stop hurting our oceans (and our planet in general). This should open some eyes and help people realize the depths (literally) that our trash is spreading to. Helping can start on a small scale, in your own home, and can grow from there.
Spread the word!
Let's reverse the trend, and secure a positive future!
Thanks for reading!
Check out my website: http://mdnichol.wix.com/mnicholsondiscover
Follow me on Twitter: @sharkynichol
Advertisements
Before reading this post, must read the master post on Places to visit in Delhi: Dilli Darshan
Connaught Place is the entertainment hub of New Delhi. From meeting old school friends to partying like animals, we all choose CP over other places. Food is yet another factor that pulls us towards the place. And who doesn't love visiting Naturals in CP? So the next time you visit, don't forget to stop by in front of Naturals at the FIRE PAAN stall.
Yes, you heard it right, FIRE PAAN! If you're a paan enthusiast, this place will serve you a wide variety of paans, amongst which, one is the fire paan. It is a normal meetha gulkand paan with peppermint brass so that it catches fire easily (but of course not meant to make your mouth catch fire)
Highlights: Wide variety of Paans, Fire Paans
Cost for two: Rs. 80
Address: Paan Stall in front of Naturals, Connaught Place (Get Directions)
Other Places In Cp Where You can get FIRE PAAN :
Yet another place in CP that offers Fire Paans is Odeon Gupta Paan Place, located right next to Odeon Cinemas.
Highlights: Ice Paan, Chocolate Paan, Fire Paan
Cost for two: Rs. 200
Address: D block, Connaught Place (Get Directions)
Don't forget to stop at one of these outlets and enjoy their unique yet amazing FIRE PAAN!
Read more about the best restaurants in cp
Following the release of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus this past September, it took months before someone could actually walk into an Apple Store and purchase a Jet Black model. The sleek, mirror-like finish blew Apple fans away, and they couldn't wait to get their hands on it. In fact, the new Jet Black color option likely played a big role in making the iPhone 7 feel fresh and new to many users, which was important because the iPhone 7 marks the third year Apple used the same design on its iPhones.
As beautiful as the iPhone's Jet Black finish is, however, it's also incredibly fragile. We've shown you photo time and time again of just how badly Jet Black iPhone models are affected by swirling and scratches, and now it looks like there's another way Jet Black iPhones are getting ruined.
The fact that Apple includes a disclaimer on its website explaining that the Jet Black finish on its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is prone to scratching should be a clear sign that this finish isn't built to last. Here's the disclaimer:
The high-gloss finish of the jet black iPhone 7 is achieved through a precision nine-step anodization and polishing process. Its surface is equally hard as other anodized Apple products; however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use. If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases available to protect your iPhone.
Jet Black looks so stunning out of the box, however, that many iPhone users can't resist. Then, when their phones inevitably get scratched up, they start complaining. You've been warned, and you have no cause for complaint.
Of course, Apple's disclaimer doesn't say anything about the fact that the Jet Black finish actually seems to rub off over time.
A Reddit user who goes by “tekson_” recently posted a new thread that explains a problem he's having with his Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus. In a nutshell, the Jet Black finish has actually rubbed off in the bottom corners of the phone. He included a photo of his phone, and you can clearly see that the finish has indeed rubbed off.
According to the user, employees at his local Apple Store told him that they had never seen this happen before on an iPhone, but the manager ended up saying that this qualifies as normal wear and tear. As a result, the manager supposedly refused to replace the iPhone. While we can't confirm whether or not this is actually a widespread problem, we have heard from two other Jet Black iPhone owners over the past few months who have described a similar issue.
As always, you're probably better off buying a regular black iPhone and using a Jet Black iPhone case.
LLVM Weekly - #178, May 29th 2017
Welcome to the one hundred and seventy-eighth issue of LLVM Weekly, a weekly newsletter (published every Monday) covering developments in LLVM, Clang, and related projects. LLVM Weekly is brought to you by Alex Bradbury. Subscribe to future issues at http://llvmweekly.org and pass it on to anyone else you think may be interested. Please send any tips or feedback to asb@asbradbury.org, or @llvmweekly or @asbradbury on Twitter.
News and articles from around the web
The Rutgers architecture and programming languages research group have a helpful blog post about the subtleties of undefined behaviour in LLVM shifts.
As noticed on Hacker News, a new LLVM backend for Go, gollvm seems to be in development.
The next Zurich LLVM social will be held on May 31st. Please register if you would like to attend.
On the mailing lists
LLVM commits
The LLVM documentation has been expanded to include tips on benchmarking. r303769.
A new GVNSink pass has been added, which sinks instructions based on Global Value Numbering. r303850.
A set of new constrained intrinsics have been added (e.g. llvm.experimental.constrained.sqrt). These intrinsics provide equivalent behaviour to a corresponding libm function, but allow the precise behaviour with respect to the rounding mode and exception behaviour to be controlled. r303922.
Iterator and range accessors have been added for the PHI nodes of a basic block. r303964.
A new localizer pass has been added for use with O0 GlobalISel. It shortens the live ranges of constants to reduce spills introduced by the fast register allocator. r304051.
The scheduling model for AArch64 Falkor has been refined. r304108.
The mapping tables for the X86 backend used to convert between register and memory forms of each instruction are now generated by TableGen. r304088.
Clang commits
There's been a flurry of activity on coroutine support this week. e.g. elision of allocation and deallocation. r303596, r303599.
git-clang-format is now Python 3 compatible. r303871.
Other project commits
Loo with a view: The world's toilets with the best vistas
We may not really care what our view is when we use the loo.
But maybe we should - for according to the World Toilet Organisation we spend three years of our lives on the throne.
And that fact was enough to set author Luke Barclay off on a mission to flush out the planet's best loos with a view.
Boston Bay High Camp, Washington state: Few loos with a view can beat this one near Johannesburg Mountain in the North Cascades national park
Canton de Chelly, Arizona: A wooden loo at the base of Spider Rock, an 800ft sandstone spire revered by Navajo Indians
The Valley of Longevity, Ecuador: A wooden long-drop that lives up to its description, high in the Andes
Cliff-Top Chateau, France: This 'oasis of pis' overlooks a picturesque bend in the Dordogne River
Among them are remote wilderness loos, such as the ones at Salar de Uyuni in Bolivia and the Boulder Pass Campsite in Montana, which overlooks the spectacular Agassiz Glacier.
Many are on sacred sites - including those in the Valley of Longevity in Ecuador, where locals are said to live to 135, and on Mount Sinai in Egypt, where God is said to have handed the Ten Commandments to Moses.
Changi Airport, Singapore: Plane spotters in the new terminal 3 can take a wee look at the giant Airbus A380
Tasman Glacier, New Zealand: An aerial shot shows just how close this loo is to the edge
Mount Sinai, Egypt: The best place to see sunrise on the mountain is said to be from this toilet, where the early-morning light floods through the bamboo walls
Boulder Pass Campsite, Montana: A wooden loo in Glacier National Park, with a stunning view of Agassiz Glacier
Guard Tower, Alcatraz: Warders at the infamous jail had an all-round view of San Francisco Bay while they took a comfort break
The loos on the lookout tower at Alcatraz clearly worked, as no escape attempts were successful in the prison's 29-year history.
But women using the aquarium toilet at Mumin Papa Cafe in Akashi, Japan, have complained of being watched by a male sea turtle.
However, the future for interesting toilets is bright, as the new men's loo in Terminal 3 of Singapore's Changi Airport proves.
Croagh Patrick, Ireland: This 2,501ft summit in Co Mayo, where St Patrick fasted
Peninsula Hotel, Kowloon, Hong Kong: An ultra-modern mirror and sink - and view - in the ladies' at the Felix Bar
Salir de Uyuni, Bolivia: A relief stop 12,000ft high in the Andes in the middle of the world's largest salt flats, which cover an area of 4,085 square miles
Mumin Papa Cafe, Japan: This ladies' loo in Akashi is built into an aquarium, so you can watch the fishes as you, erm, meditate. But beware of the inquisitive male sea turtle
Mount McKinley, Alaska: A real cool view all round near the 20,320ft summit of the highest mountain in North America
Mount Whitney, California: At an elevation of over 14,500ft, this metal loo was a high spot for climbers. Sadly, it no longer exists
Loo With A View, by Luke Barclay, is published by Virgin Books at £7.99. To order your copy with free p&p, call The Review Bookstore on 0845 155 0713.
Blog: Beam Bitcoin with a Raspberry Pi Physical Web Beacon
18 Sep 2017 by bigreddmachine
I love fiddling with Raspberry Pis. As I explained in my bio, the Raspberry Pi community is how I first heard about Bitcoin. Over the past 4+ years I've been making motion-sensor alarm clocks, web-streaming wildlife cameras, ridiculous home Christmas lights displays, voice activated personal assistants, low-powered Bitcoin and Monero nodes, and more.
When I first saw the Raspberry Pi Zero W, and then finally got my hands on one a few weeks ago, I knew exactly what I wanted to do with it. I wanted to make a cheap, DIY, reprogrammable Physical Web Beacon. And specifically I wanted to make a beacon that would broadcast out bitcoin.org or getmonero.org, creating an alert on any nearby person's phone about Bitcoin, all while remaining safely tucked away in my bag or pocket.
Why, you ask? Well, because guerrilla marketing is fun. Because imagining random people stumbling upon Bitcoin or Monero via a simple phone alert is kind of exciting. Because you could broadcast a link to your service at your next Bitcoin meetup. And because why not?
In this blog post, I'll tell you how you can build your own beacon and broadcast out a link to bitcoin.org or anywhere else you'd like :)
In this post:
What is a Physical Web Beacon?
I'm not going to go into a ton of detail here. If you want to learn all about the technology behind web beacons, Google has created a great page with lots of content. Apple probably has a similar resource. But stealing from Google's page, “The Physical Web is an open approach to enable quick and seamless interactions with physical objects and locations.” Physical web beacons are bluetooth devices that facilitate those interactions, usually using the Eddystone protocol specification to broadcast out web URLs to any nearby bluetooth-enabled devices.
Both Android and iOS phones support the protocol, though sometimes not as seamlessly as we might like. From the perspective of a normal user, these beacons send out a message to nearby phones, and those phones (if configured to do so) will show a “Nearby” or “Physical Web” alert in their notification drawers. It's an intriguing technology that can facilitate interactions between devices in proximity with one another, such as parking meter payments, museum information portals, and so on. Beacons also create a funky way to share a simple website with random strangers, like bitcoin.org for example.
Making the Beacon
Turning a Pi into a Physical Web Beacon is super simple, and requires basically no parts. If you're comfortable with the command line, you can probably be up and running in under a half hour.
The easiest way to do it is with either a model 3 B or a Zero W, both of which come with bluetooth on board. I like the Zero W because it's smaller, costs a lot less, and can be used as a USB Gadget (more on that in a bit). But you can use any Pi or similar device and a bluetooth dongle; that just adds more parts, more cost, and more bulk. For an easy, compact solution, I went with the Zero W.
Now, a few of you are probably thinking “why don't you just buy a specifically made beacon instead of going through the trouble of turning a Zero W into one?” And to you I say simply, because I wanted to :)
So what parts do you need? Here's what I used:
one Raspberry Pi Zero W
one 2 GB SD card (or larger)
one micro USB male to USB male cord
one power source (a rechargeable lithium battery works great for a portable solution)
All beacon parts / fully active beacon.
Preparing the Raspberry Pi
Note: This section gives a brief overview on installing Raspbian Lite and logging into your Pi. Specifically, it says how to configure the Pi as a USB Gadget so that you can plug it directly into a computer and not need anything else. If you already know how to log in and get started with a Pi (using whatever method you prefer), you can skip to the Configuring your Beacon section!
Once you have your Pi and SD card, you'll need to download an OS for the Pi. To keep things lightweight and simple, I recommend using Raspbian Lite - a great lightweight OS designed for headless Pi projects like this. Head over to the official Raspberry Pi site and download the latest version of Raspbian Lite. Then follow their installation guide and burn a copy onto your SD card.
Using your Pi as a USB Gadget
Once you've installed Raspbian, you could stick your SD card into your Pi and plug it in, and your Pi would start up. But to do this, at a minimum you'd need a keyboard and monitor plugged into your Pi, which in the case of a Zero W would also mean having adapters for the micro USB and mini HDMI interfaces.
I wanted to keep things simple and make it easy to reconfigure the beacon on the road, and so instead I took advantage of a unique feature of the Zero and Zero W in the Raspberry Pi ecosystem: the ability to turn your Pi into a USB Gadget. Without going into a lot of detail, using your Zero as a USB Gadget allows you to plug your Zero directly into a laptop and log into it remotely, all while requiring only a single micro USB to USB connector.
Adafruit has an excellent writeup on doing this, so I won't reproduce the steps here. The writeup starts with installing Raspbian (which you might have already done) and takes care of everything you need to have a working Gadget. Be sure to follow all the configuration steps, including the bit about SSH.
Logged into my Zero W ethernet gadget from my laptop.
Log in and finish setup
You should now be able to plug your Zero W into your computer, wait for it to boot up, and log in using the simple command ssh [email protected] from a command line. The default user is pi and password is raspberry . I recommend changing your password before doing anything else. Open the Pi configuration menu using the command sudo raspi-config and change your password.
Warning: If you're new to Linux, the sudo command is very powerful, giving superuser privileges. You should always double-check these commands before submitting.
It's also a good idea to make sure your OS is up-to-date. This might require telling your computer to share internet access with your Pi, which you can test by typing the command ping google.com . If you get some type of error, do a quick search on how to share your computer's internet access with a USB device (this is different for Linux, Windows, and macOS and I'm not covering it here). Once you confirm that your Pi can access the outside world, do a quick update with:
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade
Type in your password if prompted and answer y to any Yes/No prompts.
Configuring your Beacon
At this point you should have a fully functioning Linux install on your Zero W that you can somehow access (via keyboard and monitor, as a USB Gadget, or some other way). All that's left is to configure your Pi's bluetooth device to broadcast bitcoin.org, getmonero.org, or whatever other website you desire.
The following instructions are taken from an excellent hackaday post on configuring a Pi as a beacon. I've reproduced them here for conciseness. In that post, the author uses a Raspberry Pi 3 B, but the instructions are exactly the same for a Zero W.
Assuming you are logged into your Pi, enable the Bluetooth device:
sudo hciconfig hci0 up
Next, set the device to “advertise and not-connectable”:
sudo hciconfig hci0 leadv 3
Finally, tell the device to broadcast your site. For https://bitcoin.org:
sudo hcitool -i hci0 cmd 0x08 0x0008 16 02 01 06 03 03 aa fe 0e 16 aa fe 10 00 03 62 69 74 63 6f 69 6e 08 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
Or for https://getmonero.org:
sudo hcitool -i hci0 cmd 0x08 0x0008 18 02 01 06 03 03 aa fe 10 16 aa fe 10 00 03 67 65 74 6d 6f 6e 65 72 6f 08 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
For another site, use this great open source tool to determine the correct command. Note that you must use https to be compatible with the latest versions of Chrome and Android.
Note: If you'd like to understand the mechanics of how the beacon code is defined, give the blog post mentioned above a read. It talks about each bit in the hcitool code and how you could tweak the command.
Your beacon should now be broadcasting! If you have an Android phone, you can discover your beacon broadcast with either the Physical Web app or simple Google Notifications. iOS can similarly find beacon signals using the Physical Web app or Chrome, from what I understand. Your phone may or may not detect it automatically… more info on that at support.google.com.
Example notifications: “Nearby” or “Physical Web” depending on if app is installed.
Broadcast on Startup:
You've successfully gotten your Pi to broadcast as a web beacon. Congrats! But unless you want to have to manually type those commands each time you want to broadcast, this still isn't all that useful yet. I wanted to be able to plug my Zero W into any power source, have it boot up, and immediately and automatically start broadcasting. Accomplishing that was super simple.
First, in your main directory on the Pi, create a new shell script
nano ~/start_beacon.sh
nano is a lightweight text editor automatically included in Raspbian. You should now see a basic text editor screen. Input the following:
#!/bin/sh sudo hciconfig hci0 up sudo hciconfig hci0 leadv 3 # For bitcoin.org (change for another URL): sudo hcitool -i hci0 cmd 0x08 0x0008 16 02 01 06 03 03 aa fe 0e 16 aa fe 10 00 03 62 69 74 63 6f 69 6e 08 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
Save and exit nano with the following commands: cntl + X , Y , enter .
Next, make your script executable:
chmod +x ~/start_beacon.sh
At this point, you can type ~/start_beacon.sh in the terminal and your beacon will start. There's one final step, however, to get it to start up automatically on boot. We are going to add that command to your rc.local file:
sudo nano /etc/rc.local
Then add the following at the end of the file, above the exit command:
sudo /home/pi/start_beacon.sh
Save and exit (same as before) and you should be all set up! Restart your Pi and it should start broadcasting as soon as it boots up.
Next Steps
You now have a simple beacon broadcasting your site. This can be a great way to share your site at a meetup or just have someone stumble upon it around town, and could make for interesting advertising. But this just scrapes the surface of what you can do with these beacons. The real magic lies in creating interactive ones.
Here are some ideas for how you can take your beacon to the next level:
Make a check-in page for your local meetup
Link to your research while presenting at a conference
Create a signup form for your newsletter or service
Share a Bitcoin video, your latest blog post, or a new podcast episode
Build a faucet that drips coins to anyone that interacts with your beacon
If you build one of these ideas or come up with your own, please tweet me (@MoneroMonitor).
Most of all, get creative and have fun!
- Mike
Did you enjoy this post? Please show your support by donating to the author: 4AL2cmmrVC41if2TzxfYUKFoVF8xnkzszFX7KVS21zh1HgMWWTfa8wh23xBWLG2htS42LaqfQGgz69vVWA5uZGhaNLc72jB BTC: 1PNz3gnrzzgNjUCu4mJNQWw3s8cBwBLd97
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Admirals Purple Jerseys
The Milwaukee Admirals will be wearing purple jerseys to benefit cancer research during the games at the BMO Harris Bradley Center on Friday February 13th against the Rockford IceHogs at 7pm and Sunday February 15th against the Lake Erie Monsters at 3pm.
Friday's game features a lot more than just purple jerseys. Fans are able to purchase tickets to the game for $20 with $5 of every ticket sold going towards the American Cancer Society. The first 5,000 fans arriving to the game will recieve purple Lee Jeans Bam-Bams and the first 3,000 fans that are 14 or younger will recive an Admirals growth chart featuring Joe Piskula, courtesy of Children's Hospital of Wisconsin. After the game there will be an Aurora Sports Medicine Institute Autogrpah corner where two Admirals players will be available to sign autographs and take pictures.
The fun and the purple continue into Sunday. All 400 level tickets will be on sale for only $3, with $2 of each ticket sold being donated to Children's Hospital of Wisconsin for cancer research. There will be a purple jersey auction following the game with the proceeds being donated to Lee Jeans National Denim Day. Fans will also have the opportunity to purchase raffle tickets for $10 a ticket to win a team signed purple jersey. Admirals player signed pucks will also be available at the BMO Harris Bradley Center Store and at the jersey auction tables for $10, with the proceeds also going to Lee Jeans National Denim Day.
Fans can purchase tickets to these games, or any Admirals game, by calling Ticketmaster at (800)-745-3000 or online by clicking here. Groups of 10 or more receive a minimum of $2 off the face value of the tickets. For more information or to book a group fans should call the Admirals office at (414)-227-0550
Don't forget to follow the Admirals on Twitter (@mkeadmirals) and on Facebook
Davee‘s Infinity is here! The long awaited perma-patch for the newer “unhackable PSPs” above firmware 6.20 is finally ready!!
It was quite a long time ago since when Davee first talked about the possibility to create a new permanent-patch after Sony patched the first solution in the 6.30 firmware update due to new security checks. Since then we were dependend on the so-called light Custom Firmwares with the need to be manually reactivated after a cold reboot.
Some time ago I mentioned that a 6.61 (6.60 then) boot-time hack was possible. This doesn't seem that long ago to me, but it actually has been almost a year since I mentioned it. Recently I've been rolling out actual device tests after many simulations and support software through the year. Last year all I had was a proof of concept and even then it was bare and barely touched. Today, I can now confirm that the boot-time hack works on PSP 1000, 2000 and 3000. This leaves only the PSPgo and E1000 left, both of which will require a little more fine tuning to conquer.
Today the last missing piece is finally here and just by looking at the gorgeous menu one can see the love & time Davee put into this huge project.
Infinity – What it is and how it works
As earlier mentioned Infinity works different to the older solutions. It is not a permanent patch as we know from earlier solutions and it does not involve a cIPL hack either.
Infinity is not a “traditional” permament patch. It basically boots PSP directly into a custom firmware. Still, a permanent patch can be used only to firmware 6.20, so having a permanent patch (kind of) on 6.61 would be a big deal.
Today we know Infinity is even more interesting because it makes use of an old and former used solution from way back in the days and is in fact the first ‘modern' hybrid-firmware based on 6.61 & 6.31 combined! Why exactly 6.31? Well because this firmware ‘features' a vulnerability which lets us execute code in the booting process making this a perfect entrypoint for this purpose. Davee self titled his method “a boot-time hack” when he first talked about it.
Anyways what this means for you is that as soon as you have Infinity installed you can simply add a classic custom firmware like ME or PRO on top of Infinity what would make it a Custom-custom/semi-official-hybrid-firmware running on your PSP!! 😀
You can read the full technical explanation on Davee's blog here!
The Installing process
At first you should already be running any 6.XX Custom firmware to avoid any problems although it shouldn't matter in the end.
For a very very short explanation of how the installing process works we can say that the “6.61 Infinity Firmware Builder” will be creating your personal hybrid firmware files for your PSP and after that you will just need to start the “6.61 Infinity Firmware Flasher” to install the actual firmware itself.
You can find a full step-by-step tutorial in our freshly updated PlaystationGuide PSP-section.
Which devices are supported?!
– PSP Fat (01g) not recommended
– PSP Slim&Light (02g) not recommended
– PSP Slim&Light (TA-088v3)
– PSP Brite (03g, 04g & 09g)
– PSP Go (05g)
The PSP Street (11g) can't natively run the 6.31 firmware but support might be added soon!
Note: The special PSP 3000 version 07g should be theoretically supported. Installing Infinity at your own risk!! (To find out your PSP generation you can for example use the PSP homebrew “PSP Module Checker” v1.0 by J416)
Even more
But thats not everything. Davee as a long time scene dev and known to be a very anticipatory person even updated the Chronoswitch downgrader some time ago, with which you can now downgrade from the Infinity firmware back to a normal official one if needed.
So yes, thats basically it for now and all thats left to say is that despite alot of testing, there still is the risk of (full)bricking your device because of whatever reason. Its YOUR choice to install Infinity or stick to the classic Light Custom firmwares!
So please let us know about any occuring problems and makes sure to consider donating something to Davee via PayPal for his awesome work!
Catch me on Twitter: @freakler94
File photo of a 2005 flood in Bergen; a similar situation is expected on Thursday. Photo: Marit Hommedal / SCANPIX
The western coast of Norway was feeling the effects of Storm Vidar on Thursday morning.
The storm has brought extremely high water and high waves and has stopped some ferry services.
Western Norway south of Stad has been hit the hardest by the storm. Here, the Norwegian Meteorological Institute expects that water levels will be 60 to 80cm above normal at high tide.
“The storm warning applies south of Stad, but also areas by the Oslo Fjord will get high water,” Frode Hassel of the Meteorological Institute said.
Not dangerous
The storm does not pose immediate danger to those who live in the affected areas, according to Hassel.
“There will be some strong winds, both on the coast and in mountain passes, but it is only the water level that is different than normal. Those who have houses of boathouse in seaside areas, need to be alert,” he said.
It is expected that conditions will improve after 11am Thursday.
Iconic Bergen location may flood
Statistically speaking, such water levels only come around once every 20 years. The water level in Bergen can reach up to 225 cm, while Stavanger could see heights of 174 cm.
Both would be near records, as the highest recorded water level in Bergen is 240cm in 1990 and Stavanger's record is 182cm, set in 1994.
According to meteorologist Geir Ottar Fagerlid from the weather warning service in Western Norway, experience shows that Bryggen, the picturesque old wharf in Bergen, experiences flooding at around 205cm.
“High waves are also expected out on the coast. Wave heights are estimated to be 6 to 8 metres,” said the Meteorological Institute.
What will reportedly be Taiwan's first gay Buddhist wedding shall be held in Taoyuan County next month, according to the Taipei Times:
“We are not only doing it for ourselves, but also for other gays and lesbians,” Fish Huang said in a telephone interview. The 30-year-old … said that marriage never crossed her mind until she saw a movie last year. The film portrayed two lesbians whose ill-fated relationship concluded after one died and the other was left heartbroken over the denial of spousal benefits. “It's so sad,” Huang said, who plans to wed her partner of seven years on Aug. 11 at a Buddhist altar …
There shall be blessings, chants, and lectures from Buddhist masters on marriage. The ceremony won't be legally binding.
Despite the profound Buddhist-ish-ness of the marriage ceremony, Fish Huang tells the Taipei Times that many of her Buddhist friends were initially wary of attending the event, worrying that doing so might conflict with their vows. She wrote to a Buddhist master, asking for the party line on homosexuality, and the master not only told her that Buddhism, as she knew it, was a-okay with lesbian weddings — the master offered to perform Fish Huang's lesbian wedding. From the Taipei Times:
“It is meaningful to us that our wedding can give hope to other homosexuals and help heterosexuals understand how Buddhism views sexuality,” Huang said. The Buddhist master Shih Chao-hwei (釋昭慧), who is also a professor at Hsuan Chuang University, said Buddhist teachings do not prohibit homosexual behavior. … “It's difficult enough to maintain a relationship … how could you be so stingy as to begrudge a couple for wanting to get married, regardless of their sexual orientation,” she said in a telephone interview.
Shih Chao-hwei acknowledged that her views were not universally shared among her co-religionists.
Los Angeles County is expected to gain nearly 133,000 jobs between 2016 and 2021, according to a report released Thursday, but it also shows that inflation-adjusted household incomes are 4.5 percent below where they were in 1990.
Those conflicting revelations are included in an economic update prepared by the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp.'s Institute for Applied Economics. The report will be included as part of an economic summit that's being held Thursday at the L.A. Downtown Hotel. Presented by the Southern California Association of Governments, the theme of the event is “The Cost of Not Housing.”
High housing costs
It's aptly named because high housing and rental costs and a shortage of available homes have long hampered Southern California's economic momentum. The LAEDC report notes that California has one of the tightest housing markets in the nation — and L.A. County is no exception.
In 2016, the median price for a new home in L.A. County was s $583,807, considerably more than the 2007 pre-recession peak of $537,011. The number of new residential units permitted hit its lowest level in 2009, dropping to 5,600 new units. Market activity has since picked up, reaching 19,940 units in 2016. But the number of permits for new home construction still remains below pre-recession peak levels in 2004 to 2006.
The California Association of Realtors‘ housing affordability index shows that a significantly larger portion of L.A. County households can now afford homes than before. In 2006 and 2007, only 11 percent of the county's households could afford a new home. Since 2013, that has averaged 30 percent.
But while some homes might be considered “affordable” by pre-recession standards, they are considerably less so when compared with the nation as a whole.
“California is definitely more expensive than the rest of the nation,” said Jordan Levine, a senior economist with CAR. “Home prices continue to outstrip incomes. We're not at an all-time low right now, but housing prices are still high, and you see that reflected in the homeownership numbers.”
Inflation steals purchasing power
The LAEDC report shows that household incomes have actually risen steadily for the past 25 years, from $34,965 in 1990 to $61,338 in 2016. But when inflation is factored in they're down 4.5 percent below the 1990 level. That has eroded the purchasing power of L.A. County residents for two decades.
That's clearly evidenced during the holiday season, when shoppers pull back on their spending for gifts, decorations, travel and other expenses.
Economist Somjita Mitra, director of the LAEDC's Institute of Applied Economics, said consumers in Southern California are grappling with rising costs in a variety of areas.
“I think we all realize that money doesn't go as far as it used to,” she said. “Rents and housing prices have increased, many consumer goods are more expensive and health care costs have risen. People have to allocate their money in different ways. You might not be able to save as much or you might not travel as much as you used to.”
Education plays a role
Lower household incomes are directly tied to lower levels of education.
The LAEDC report notes that the median annual income for county residents with just a high school diploma was $27,330 last year, while the median for those with a bachelor's degree was $52,003. The situation is made worse by the fact that people with lower levels of education often end up in low-paying jobs, such as telemarketing or food service — jobs that are in danger of being replaced through automation.
Still, poverty rates keep falling. The county's individual poverty rate currently stands at 16.3 percent, down 2.8 percentage points from the peak of 19.1 percent reached in 2012.
The employment picture
L.A. County employment is projected to grow at an average annual rate of 0.7 percent over the next five years, adding 133,000 jobs across a range of industries. Here are some of the biggest drivers:
Health services are expected to grow at 5.9 percent over the next five years, adding nearly 42,000 jobs. Administrative support, which includes temporary employment, is expected to grow 10.9 percent with more than 29,000 new jobs. Accommodation and food services will add nearly 26,000 and education will boost it payrolls by 23,000.
Guy Fieri is the popular host of several mouth-watering shows on the Foot Network, including “Guy's Big Bites,” “Diners Drive-Ins and Dives,” and “Guy's Grocery Games.”
Fieri got his start on the Food Network in 2006, and since then, his signature bleach-blond spikes, tattoos, and goatee have made him a recognizable face for food lovers everywhere.
And while Fieri's “rockstar” persona makes him a favorite among a crowded sea of TV chefs, it's what viewers can't see that's all the more reason to like him.
As Country Living reports, Fieri has filmed 363 episodes of his Food Network shows to date and has invited a family from the Make-a-Wish Foundation to join him on set for every single taping.
The organization is reportedly near and dear to his heart following the loss of his sister to cancer several years ago. In 2016, Delish reported Fieri was determined to help families battling cancer anyway he could, saying at the time:
“I know what the family is going through, to some degree. I know that heartache and I see that, and if there's anything I can do to help enlighten or empower those kids, I want to do it.
Fieri rarely uses his own social media to show off his special guests, but the joy of those who get spend the day with him can't be contained:
https://www.facebook.com/cindy.t.mcmurry/posts/10202471079014677?match=TWFrZS1BLVdpc2ggRm91bmRhdGlvbixtYWtlIGEgd2lzaCxndXkgZmllcmk%3D
He lends a helping hand with his young guests on the set of “Guy's Grocery Games”:
After discovering his love for cooking, 10-year-old wish kid and BBQ rib enthusiast, Wesley, who is battling leukemia, wished to meet and cook with Guy Fieri! (Make-A-Wish Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana) Posted by Make-A-Wish America on Tuesday, May 10, 2016
…and even has his young fans visit him at his restaurant and cook up a ticket to “Flavortown”:
Food Network star Guy Fieri grants wishes for 12-year-old Lauren, who has germ cell cancer, and 12-year-old Joshua, who has muscular dystrophy, by cooking up some fun at Guy's American Kitchen & Bar in NYC. Posted by Make-A-Wish America on Friday, May 24, 2013
Not only does he invite sick children to visit him, but he includes their siblings and families so that no one feels left out, Country Living reports.
Now that is pure class.
Last week, 3 million of us beat back America's attack on our Internet! --- but there is an even bigger threat out there, and our global movement for freedom online is perfectly poised to kill it for good.
ACTA - a global treaty - could allow corporations to censor the Internet. Negotiated in secret by a small number of rich countries and corporate powers, it would set up a shadowy new anti-counterfeiting body to allow private interests to police everything that we do online and impose massive penalties -- even prison sentences -- against people they say have harmed their business.
Europe is deciding right now whether to ratify ACTA -- and without them, this global attack on Internet freedom will collapse. We know they have opposed ACTA before, but some members of Parliament are wavering -- let's give them the push they need to reject the treaty. Sign the petition -- we'll do a spectacular delivery in Brussels when we reach 500,000 signatures!
Barney Frank and Ron Paul's historic bill to end federal marijuana prohibition is generating a lot of excitement around the country, but in Washington D.C., it's already becoming another reminder of the arrogant drug war politics that have long obstructed the path to reform.
Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) was quick to announce his plans to prevent this important debate from ever taking place:
The bill appears doomed on arrival, according to the Associated Press, which reported that House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith said his panel, which the proposed law is required to venture through, would not even consider it.
"Marijuana use and distribution is prohibited under federal law because it has a high potential for abuse and does not have an accepted medical use in the U.S.," said Smith, who like Paul is a Texas Republican. "The Food and Drug Administration has not approved smoked marijuana for any condition or disease."
Smith cited the theory that pot is a gateway drug, and then added the curious belief that legalizing weed would increase the coffers of drug lords.
"Decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more Americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the U.S.-Mexico border. Allowing states to determine their own marijuana policy flies in the face of Supreme Court precedent," Smith said. (LA Times)
That's a mouthful of madness if I ever heard one, and if my ideas about marijuana were as wildly divorced from reality as those, I wouldn't want a public hearing on the matter either. I mean, really, just imagine Lamar Smith trying to explain how Mexican smugglers would profit from Americans growing their own pot, or reminding us when exactly it was that the Supreme Court ruled that states aren't allowed to make their own laws.
Our friends at NORML have a fun PSA that sums all of this up quite nicely.
Guenther Steiner has clarified comments made by Gene Haas about his American outfit's team having a better chassis than Ferrari this year.
Haas made extensive use of Ferrari's Maranello wind tunnel to develop its 2016 car, which will be powered by the Italian manufacturer. In November team owner Haas said the team's first car would "in some ways be better" than Ferrari's due to the design approach the American team had taken.
Steiner, the team principal for Haas this season, thinks his boss was misunderstood and had been referring to the amount of time the North Carolina-based squad had to work on development.
"What Gene meant is that our chassis is different in construction than the Ferrari and we've had more time to work on it," Steiner told the official F1 website. "But that fact is that right now it's merely a guess as to where everyone stands. Everyone has been developing their cars. We'll get a better idea as to where everyone is after testing, but we won't really know anything until we actually start racing in Melbourne."
Steiner has downplayed expectations about Haas' debut season before and says a realistic expectation for 2016 will be behind Toro Rosso, even though it will line up this season with Ferrari engines one year older.
"We hope to line up somewhere in the lower midfield. It is always very difficult to predict how other teams will be doing before testing, but I think with Toro Rosso being a well-established team they should be in front of us - even with a one-year old engine."
In the Chinatown area of Los Angeles, over 50 people have been arrested during a protest demanding better wages for Walmart workers. The trade union organised action involved more than 200 trade unionists, Walmart workers, and their supporters, who gathered outside a new Walmart store and sat in the road – blocking the road for a period of time before being arrested and dragged off. The police kept all those arrested in jail overnight unless they could find $500 bail.
Glen Arnodo, a spokesperson for the protestors said that:
“The event was to draw attention to Wal-Mart's role in income equality. Wal-Mart really perpetuates and epitomizes the unequal distribution of wealth that we have in this country right now. Most of the people taking part in this peaceful protest were union members, including teachers and nurses, community activists and others.” Quote:
A Wal-Mart lickspittle claimed that:
“All Wal-Mart stores in Los Angeles County remain open. We've seen time and again that there are virtually no Wal-Mart associates participating in these orchestrated events because they know the truth about working for Wal-Mart. We provide our associates with more opportunities for career growth and greater economic security for their family than many other companies in America.” Quote:
The boss's lackey who gave the interview must not be aware that Wal-Mart's wages are so low that the average Wal-Mart store (300 workers) claims on average $1.2 million a year in welfare payments to boost their shit wages.
Wal-Mart worker, Anthony Goytia, a father of two, claims that he is only paid $12,000 a year. He said that the electricity is cut off on a regular basis as he cannot afford to pay his bills. He takes regular pay-day loans, attends food-banks, and participates in clinical trials, and sells his blood. He has been pushing for full time hours for over a year, but his boss prefers to take on temporary workers so that they can be dismissed at any time.
Campaigners claim that Wal-Mart can afford to pay every employee a minimum of $25,000 a year, citing the $17,000,000,000 profit that was made last year and the owners (Walton family) fortune of billions of dollars – which equates to the entire wealth of the bottom 42% of American families.
Related News
House of Rainbow Fellowship was forced to go underground in Nigeria.
Five years after he was forced to leave Nigeria for the United Kingdom following threats to his life, Nigeria's first openly gay preacher and the founder of House of Rainbow Fellowship, a Christian community for sexual minorities and marginalised people, Reverend Jide Macaulay, has been ordained a Deacon of the Anglican Church on Sunday in Chelmsford, United Kingdom. The Bishop of Chelmsford, the Right Reverend Stephen Cotterel, will hold the ordination service at the Chelmsford Cathedral.
Reverend Macaulay will serve as the Curate in the East Ham Parish, London. He is believed to have inspired many ethnic minority people in the Newham area of London when in 2000 he played Jesus in 2000 Newham Millennium Passion Play.
In an exclusive interview with PREMIUM TIMES, Reverend Macaulay says his ordination is a source of hope for sexual minorities. He also spoke about his experience in Nigeria, the future of House of Rainbow fellowship and the recently passed anti-gay bill by the National Assembly.
PT: What does your ordination into the Anglican Communion mean?
Rev: My ordination into the Anglican Communion is an important continuation of my call to parish ministry, to reach out to all people regardless of who they are. I believe whilst my ordination is not anything new to the church, for me it is both relevant on the state of persecution and righteous living for sexual minorities. My message to all people especially Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals and Transgender people of faith and none is to hold on to their dreams and hopes in the face of hardship, God is a good God and loves all people.
PT: Tell us about the role you played in the Newham Millennium Passion Play “A light in the Darkness” and how it has helped to change your life?
Rev: I played the character of “Jesus” in the passion play, which was staged outdoor throughout the London Borough of Newham in 2000, this alone did not change my life but nonetheless was a single contribution to enhancing my relationship with the Anglican Church and more so with my Christian faith. The audition and rehearsal started late 1999 to early 2000. Reverend Father Steven Saxby, a Curate at St Bartholomew at the time, immediately became my mentor and friend, who also played a crucial part as my spiritual leader and advisor. Playing Jesus gave me the opportunity to experience the hardship he went through and to understand the love that he has for the world. Jesus even at his death said “Father forgive them”. Often I feel that playing Jesus in such a public way allowed me to connect with my own pains and those inflicted on me and at the same time be able to acknowledge the spirit of forgiveness and reconciliation.
Now that you are fully ordained Deacon in the Anglican Church, what happens to the House Of Rainbow Fellowship?
My ordination with the Anglican Communion does not extinguish the passion for inclusive theology and ministry for the marginalized. As an Anglican minister, my duties are carried forward to continue to reach out to people on the margins and that also means an understanding of the aims and objectives of House Of Rainbow and how the universal church may benefit from the extra ordinary work in hostile regions with marginalised people. I am encouraged by those who supported my ministry and efforts towards ordination and have urged me to remain true to the call of God and particularly with a passion to ensure that there is room at the communion table for sexual minorities. House Of Rainbow continues to develop independently as a support group with 10 active groups in six countries, managed by 15 Volunteer Local Leaders. (www.houseofrainbow.org)
What happened to House Of Rainbow in 2008 and what were the core reasons for leaving Nigeria?
2008 was a very busy year for House Of Rainbow and the ministry was at the height of its popularity as we have become a household name in Nigeria, particularly well known for its inclusive welcome of marginalised communities. We stood for change, peace and reconciliation, however, violence was thrust upon us as a community and many people, organisations and the media were simply looking for “dirt” about us. In February, I was ambushed by the media in Abuja at the Africa Sexuality Conference. In March/April the newspapers were filled with sensational headlines, by July we have had many more “undercover reporters” joined us and started to record and take photographs. By August/September, we received unprecedented hostile media coverage, increased violence and numerous death threats. Those who attacked us used this for their own gains. After the second year anniversary celebration of House Of Rainbow in Lagos, I went to Abuja for several meetings and when I returned to Lagos, the environment became extremely hostile and the Board of House Of Rainbow decided it was time we re-strategise. I was advised to return to London for my own safety and we moved the ministry underground to make it safer for those who attend. House Of Rainbow since 2006 has always remained an active ministry in Nigeria with three active groups.
What does your family, especially your father think of your sexual orientation and would he be attending your ordination in the Anglican Church in England?
My family like any family first struggled with the knowledge of me being gay, of course it is not about me that they first worry but the prejudice and potential discrimination that both myself and my family had to endure after coming out as gay. The fear of me being gay was superseded by the unconditional love of my parents that held the family in one love. Unfortunately being in public life and religious ministry has not helped in dealing with this privately. I personally would not have it any other way; I am proud to be gay and of Nigerian descent, with the love of my parents I continue to excel as a son who just happens to be homosexual. For most of my family members I am mostly loved and supported, they are not ashamed of me. My achievements and ordination would be celebrated with my entire family and especially with my dad by my side.
What do you think of the Nigerian anti-same sex marriage bill recently passed in the parliament?
I think that the anti same sex marriage bill in Nigeria has gone too far, many Nigerians are concerned; especially to Human Right defenders and gay activists it makes no sense. Nigeria should look at progressive constitutions around the world that are inclusive of sexual minorities. Homosexuality was never a foreign import and there is nothing to be afraid of, only if they can focus on getting to know the gay people and seeking our opinions. I believe that the Nigerian legislators should focus on laws against discrimination and not laws that punish private sexual relationship between two consenting adults. Unfortunately, the Nigeria systems allows for many institutions to lawfully discriminate against sexual minorities and sadly this bill will and more likely punish innocent people, such as innocent parents and other family members, sexual health providers and proprietors of single gendered institutions. Nigerians should seek to get to know gays and lesbians amongst us; no one wakes up in the morning and chooses to be gay or lesbian knowing the hatred that will follow. It is a shame in my opinion with all the education and educated people in Nigeria, the last bastion the government can produce is an anti same sex marriage bill. I am not convinced this bill is the way forward. God bless Nigeria.
A teenage actress in Pakistan is in a critical condition after a television producer threw acid in her face when she turned down his marriage proposal.
Film and stage star Bushra Waiz, 18, was asleep in the courtyard of her home in Nowshera, northwest of Islamabad, before she was attacked about 3am Saturday morning.
“A man climbed the wall of our house in the early hours, threw acid on my sister and fled,” Bushra's brother, Pervez Khan, told AFP.
Dr Suhail Ahmad at the Lady Reading Hospital in Peshawar said Waiz had 33 per cent burns injuries on her face and shoulder.
Bushra Waiz's mother and brother also sustained burns while protecting her and the family has lodged a complaint against a local TV drama producer, Shaukat Khan. The family says the producer was angry with Bushra's refusal to marry him.
Another brother, Akhtar Waiz, told Dawn.com the pair were also fighting over unpaid wages.
“I couldn't see him myself, but I am sure he was Shaukat as my sister had refused to continue working in his dramas and that's why he resorted to this act of violence,” he said.
Australian fans pumped to see their team take on Spain during the first round of the World Cup were intrigued by the honeycomb-like machine that had replaced the standard manual search process at Arena de Baixada stadium in Curitiba, Brazil. They were less thrilled when the machine spotted the toy kangaroos they were trying to sneak into the match.
That machine is the Qylatron Entry Experience Solution, and it could soon replace a crappy experience of going through security checks at airports and other venues with one that's faster and less invasive. Instead of having a human poke around in your bag, the machine scans it for a variety of threats in just a few seconds. Searching those Aussies and other soccer fans may prove to be a watershed moment for the system, a successful test of how well it can spot trouble and move people through security, efficiently and with their dignity intact.
The system is the work of Silicon Valley-based Qylur Security Systems, and it consists of five pods that sit around a central sensor. The process is a much closer to being pleasant than having your stuff searched by hand at a stadium or going through the mundane horrors of TSA security. You don't have to open your bag or let any else touch it. And with five people moving through at once, you're through security before you have time to really get annoyed.
The whole process is simple. You hold your ticket up to the machine, and it assigns you a pod, in which you place your bag in. Each pod is about the size of a big microwave, so will fit most bags, but maybe not the biggest carry-ons you can take on a plane (though Qylur presumably could tweak the size). Close the door and walk around to the other side. In the time it takes you to get over there, the machine scans the bag for a range of threats. Qylur isn't keen on explaining how the technology works, but we know it has radiation and chemical sensors to pick out explosives. With a multi-view X-ray, it runs the images it sees through a detection engine that uses machine learning to pick out prohibited items like guns and knives. If it sees a threat, it silently alerts a security officer, and the back door of the pod turns purple. If not, the door turns green, and you unlock it with your ticket. Take your bag and go.
Before Qylur can lock down contracts to move into airports and other venues, it has to prove the system works. So it went to Brazil, where it was hired by an event operations company running some World Cup games. Qylur was given responsibility for one entrance to Arena de Baixada stadium, for four games.
The system is made to look for guns and bombs, but the World Cup presented an unusual challenge. FIFA is really picky about what fans can bring into the stadium. On top of weapons, the banned item list covers long umbrellas, flagpoles, banners or flags bigger than 2 meters by 1.5 meters, megaphones, vuvuzelas (great call), computers, and a list of of otherwise mundane things, including those kangaroos the Aussies love, and large quantities of flour.
Teaching the Qylatron to spot those things the way it sees guns and knives would have involved teaching the machine to pick out a wider range of items. Instead, the team worked in what CEO Dr. Lisa Dolev calls collaboration mode. The machine scans for conventional threats like weapons on its own, and a human operator in a remote room scans the images to pick out those illicit flags, bags of flour, and yes, toy kangaroos. The operator watches the images from all five of the machine's pods at once, which Dolev says isn't a problem (no word on if she's hired Rain Man). He alerts an employee at the machine if he spots something suspicious. Man and machine “ended up stopping an awful lot of bags,” Dolev says, but the fans seemed to like the process anyway.
The company plans to deploy its technology at a few more venues this year. It will soon shift to more permanent setups, Dolev says, though she won't reveal specific spots just yet. We assume TSA isn't on the list of clients—getting the agency to change its ways takes a lot of work—but hopefully Qylur can find its way into our airports sometime soon.
As we get farther into the season, we can rely on advanced stats more and more as we develop a larger sample size of results. I like using Fangraphs' breakdown of sample size, which tells us the overall number of occurrences it takes for a certain stat to stabilize. At this point of the season, we can look at strikeout rate, fly ball rate, and ground ball rate as stats that will reliably tell us what to expect from the pitcher going forward. That being said, it's still relatively early in the year and there's much we don't know. If all else fails, go with your gut and what you already know about the pitcher. This week, I'll be looking at some pitchers that I can use both philosophies to analyze.
CC Sabathia (SP, NYY) – 40.5% (ESPN) / 32% (Yahoo) / 60% (CBS)
A pitcher who I've considered putting on this list since the beginning of the year, CC Sabathia has made four starts with a 2.70 ERA and 2 quality starts so far this year. Between that and the name value he provides, Sabathia has been steadily rising in ownership percentage. Despite this, I don't think a pickup is warranted as Sabathia is currently rolling with the lowest strikeout rate (5.40 K/9) of his career. CC has shown the ability to outperform his peripherals from time to time, but with a low BABIP of 0.229 and a 4.87 SIERA (another career worst for him), it appears that CC is trying to pull a fast one on us. His next start in Boston this week could end up being messy if you decide to start him.
Pitcher I'd Rather Own: Vince Velasquez (SP, PHI) – 42.9% (ESPN) / 74% (Yahoo) / 83% (CBS)
It's been a challenging start to the season for Velasquez, but I'd advocate patience for anyone who owns him. His strikeout rate will still remain gaudy (11.40 K/9) and there's plenty of time for his inflated walk rate (6.00 BB/9) and HR/FB rate (28.6%) to normalize to a reasonable level, which would make Velasquez a valuable pitcher this year.
Antonio Senzatela (SP, COL) – 34.1% (ESPN) / 32% (Yahoo) / 57% (CBS)
Senzatela burst onto the scene this year as a rookie for the Colorado Rockies, and his success so far has fantasy owners excited to pick up what could be a budding new star. While his batted-ball profile does indicate he's been getting a bit lucky so far (0.221 BABIP and 8.7% HR/FB), there's nothing here that screams regression. However, what concerns me is a low strikeout rate (5.88 K/9) that is going to put more balls in play at Coors Field than I'd feel comfortable with. So far, his two home starts have been against poor offenses (SD and SF) and I have to imagine he'll run into more trouble as he plays against better teams. Owning a rookie pitcher can bring success, as it can take a while for opposing hitter to figure them out, but it still carries significant risk as we find out what their true talent is.
Pitcher I'd Rather Own: Joe Ross (SP, WAS) – 36.0% (ESPN) / 66% (Yahoo) / 84% (CBS)
Joe Ross is another young pitcher, but we've seen more from him and he's shown promise in his young career. He qualifies as a post-hype sleeper, as many owners have forgotten about his upside. Best of all, he gets to pitch in the NL East, a division where every team not named the Nationals have a subpar offense.
Wade Miley (SP, BAL) – 21.2% (ESPN) / 31% (Yahoo) / 53% (CBS)
I have to admit, what Miley has done so far has been impressive (other than his first start, where he somehow threw a five inning, one hit shutout performance…with seven walks). He's racked up a K/9 of 11.37 so far, which has been good enough for him to earn a 2.97 SIERA. Even though he's faced 72 batters, which by Fangraph's terms is a suitable sample size, I just can't buy that he's suddenly among the likes of Scherzer and DeGrom. He is currently sporting a 0.162 BABIP, which might be the best indicator for regression in Miley's profile, other than his propensity for walking batters in bunches (3.79 BB/9). This pick is much more in the “go with your gut” column, as my gut is telling me the 30 year old Miley has not shown enough difference from his previous appearances to show me that he can survive the AL East and belong in the elite tier of pitchers.
Pitcher I'd Rather Own: Zack Wheeler (SP, NYM) – 20.5% (ESPN) / 22% (Yahoo) / 71% (CBS)
Another younger pitcher who resides in the NL East, I'm okay with taking a chance on Wheeler as he recovers from a Tommy John surgery that took him out for two years. In his limited time in the majors, though, he's shown he has the ability and may have more to come as he continues to grow.
You can check out the rest of my extremely accurate takes on Twitter here.
All stats courtesy of fangraphs.com and all images courtesy of mlb.com.
After discovering the body of a woman in a motel in Hammond, Indiana, on Friday night, police were led to a Gary man, 43, who surprised them by leading police to three more bodies, which were found in three different homes from late Saturday to early Sunday. It is unclear whether the man has confessed to the actual murders, but if he is responsible for the deaths of the four women, it is possible that authorities have uncovered an active serial killer.
In an emailed statement, Lt. Richard Hoyda of the Gary police said that police were called to the Motel 6 in Hammond at approximately 9:30 p.m. Friday on a report of an unresponsive woman. Upon their arrival, they discovered a deceased woman in one of the rooms. Investigators were able to uncover a lead, which led detectives to obtain a search warrant for a Gary home.
Police searched the property on Saturday afternoon and then arrested the man. They also seized a vehicle at the location, which was not the man's home but is located nearby. During questioning, the man made “a confession” and led police to where the bodies of the other three women could be found. Police have not said whether or not the man confessed to actually killing the women.
The victim discovered in the hotel room has been identified as Afrika Hardy, 19. Her address is unknown. The coroner's office has ruled her death to be a homicide by strangulation.
Cpl. Gabrielle King wrote in an email that the Gary Police Department were informed late Saturday that the bodies were located in three separate residences within Gary. All of the homes had been abandoned and were unoccupied. A female body clad in white Nike shoes and blue jeans was discovered in a home in the 2200 block of Massachusetts Street, but authorities have not determined the woman's age or race.
The third body was discovered in a residence located in the 400 block of East 43rd Avenue. Her identity is unknown. The Lake County, Ind., medical examiner's office reported that the body was that of a black woman who had several tattoos. She had on a long-sleeved black Dereon shirt, blue Dereon jeans and white socks. In addition, the victim's belly button was pierced and she was wearing three rings on her fingers.
The last victim was found at a home on the 1800 block of East 19th Avenue. A female whose age and race remain unknown, she was wearing blue jeans and a green hoodie. The coroner's office has not yet determined how the later three victims died. According to King, at least one of the victims was decomposed.
Hoyda said that the unidentified man is currently under arrest in the Hammond jail. The man will remain unidentified until formal charges are filed. In the meantime, detectives with the Hammond police are being assisted by the Gary Police Department. King has asked that anyone who has information related to the case to please call the lead investigators on the case, Cpl. Ed Gonzalez at (219) 881-4750 and Cpl. James Nielsen at (219) 881-4750.
WGN is reporting that officials in Lake County are being swamped with phone calls by families of disappeared people asking if any of the bodies could be their missing relative. As the police continue their investigation into the possible serial killer in Gary, Indiana, residents and law enforcement alike wonder how many more victims might be found.
By Jennifer Pfalz
Sources:
NWI
NBC Chicago
Chicago Tribune
WGN
On March 18, 2014, the Russian Federation annexed the Ukrainian territory of Crimea. Tensions between the two countries have been simmering ever since Russia's aggressions. There appears to be no thaw between the neighboring nations and have taken their hostilities to Twitter because this is 2017 and it's weird.
On Tuesday, quite possibly the first weaponized use of a GIF was deployed on Twitter when Ukraine laid the smackdown on Russia. It all started when the official Twitter account of Ukraine @-mentioned the official Twitter account of Russia. Ukraine pointed out that their country had a diplomatic relationship with France long before Russia was on the scene and posted an image of Anne of Kiev, the French queen consort during the 11th century, who lived in what is now the capital of Ukraine. Russia responded with a tweet stating that they were “proud of our common history. Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus share the same historical heritage which should unite our nations, not divide us.” That's when Ukraine dropped a nuclear bomb-like Simpsons GIF on Russia.
When @Russia says Anne de Kiev established Russia-France relations, let us remind the sequence of events pic.twitter.com/nBKhQdyKql — Ukraine / Україна (@Ukraine) May 30, 2017
@Ukraine We are proud of our common history. 🇷🇺, 🇺🇦 & 🇧🇾 share the same historical heritage which should unite our nations, not divide us. pic.twitter.com/hdmkuGy22p — РоссиЯ 🇷🇺 (@Russia) May 30, 2017
Game over.
What a time to be alive, to see two nations battle each other on social media with GIFs and in 140-characters or less.
Ukraine is not weak on Twitter.
[TheHill]
Dark Souls III launches April 12, new footage
Four minutes of new PlayStation Experience gameplay.
Dark Souls III will launch for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC on April 12 in North America and Europe, Bandai Namco announced.
In North America, the game be available in two special editions:
Day One Edition ($59.99) A copy of the game
Prima Starter Guide
Official Dark Souls III Soundtrack
Exclusive O-Sleeve packaging Collector's Edition ($129.99) A copy of the game
Prima Starter Guide
Official Dark Souls III Soundtrack
Official art book
Cloth game map
10” Red Knight Statue
Collector's box
In Europe, the game will feature three special editions:
Apocalypse Edition A copy of the game
Metal case
Official Soundtrack (CD) Collector's Edition A copy of the game
Red Knight figurine
A4 Dark Souls Trilogy hardcover artbook
Metal case
Official Soundtrack (CD)
3x iron-on patches
Cloth game-map
Exclusive box Prestige Edition A copy of the game
A numbered 40cm premium Lord of Cinder hand-painted polystone resin figurine
Red Knight figurine
A4 Dark Souls Trilogy hardcover artbook
Metal case
Official Soundtrack (CD)
3x iron-on patches
Cloth game-map
Exclusive display box
If you're at PlayStation Experience in San Francisco this weekend, Dark Souls III will be playable at the Bandai Namco booth.
Watch some new footage below. View a set of screenshots at the gallery.
Darkness Has Spread Trailer
PSX 2015 Gameplay
In February of 1960, the American magazine Look ran a cover story that asked, “Should a Girl Be First in Space?” It was a sensational headline representing an audacious idea at the time. And as we all know, the proposal fell short. In 1961, NASA sent Alan Shepard above the stratosphere, followed by dozens of other spacemen over the next two decades. Only in 1983 did Sally Ride become America's first female astronaut to launch.
But why would anyone think a woman would be the first to space, anyway? Medical studies, for one thing. Some studies in the 1950s and '60s suggested female bodies had stronger hearts and could better withstand vibrations and radiation exposure. Moreover, psychological studies suggested that women coped better than men in isolation and when deprived of sensory inputs.
Some of these investigations were limited in their design and sample sizes. But there was another, more compelling reason that women might outshine men as potential astronauts: basic economics. Thanks to their size, women are, on average, cheaper to launch and fly than men. As a NASA guinea pig, I had the chance to verify this firsthand.
Last year I took part in a NASA-funded research project called HI-SEAS (Hawaii Space Exploration Analog and Simulation). It required that I and five other crewmembers live as astronauts on the surface of Mars. We didn't leave Earth, obviously, but for four months we were cooped up in a geodesic dome on the side of the very red, very rocky, very Mars-like Mauna Loa volcano in Hawaii. Our food, water, power, and communications were limited, and we were only allowed to exit the habitat if we wore mock spacesuits. So many Martian hassles, so little glory.
This was the first HI-SEAS mission—a third starts this month—and it was designed mainly to study the types of food Mars explorers might eat. I was the crew writer, blogging for Discover and the Economist, and since I had the scientific background and interest, I conducted a sleep study, too.
I collected and managed the crew's sleep data over the course of the experiment. One device we used to track sleep was the sensor armband from BodyMedia, which also provides estimates of daily and weekly caloric expenditure. While I didn't know which data belonged to which subject due to anonymity requirements, I could see each subject's sex. Over time I noticed a trend.
Week in and week out, the three female crew members expended less than half the calories of the three male crew members. Less than half! We were all exercising roughly the same amount—at least 45 minutes a day for five consecutive days a week—but our metabolic furnaces were calibrated in radically different ways.
During one week, the most metabolically active male burned an average of 3,450 calories per day, while the least metabolically active female expended 1,475 calories per day. It was rare for a woman on crew to burn 2,000 calories in a day and common for male crew members to exceed 3,000.
The data certainly fit with my other observations. At mealtime, the women took smaller portions than the men, who often went back for seconds. One crew member complained how hard it was to maintain his weight, despite all the calories he was taking in.
The calorie requirements of an astronaut matter significantly when planning a mission. The more food a person needs to maintain her weight on a long space journey, the more food should launch with her. The more food launched, the heavier the payload. The heavier the payload, the more fuel required to blast it into orbit and beyond. The more fuel required, the heavier the rocket becomes, which it in turn requires more fuel to launch.
Every pound counts on the way to space. NASA was keenly aware of this, and that's why in the early 1960s it nearly considered a female astronaut corps. Of course, politics and culture have a pesky way of sneaking into engineering decisions, especially when a country's pride is on the line, according to Margaret A. Weitekamp, author of Right Stuff, Wrong Sex: America's First Women in Space Program. Despite extensive training and excellent performance, the women in the program were dismissed. Some of the reasons included fears about public relations if female astronauts were killed, as well as NASA's reliance on military pilots, who at the time were only male.
The first woman in space was cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova of the Soviet Union, who flew 20 years before Sally Ride. Her flight bolstered the appearance of communist egalitarianism during the Cold War. Russia hasn't kept up a female presence in orbit, though; it only just last month launched its first female cosmonaut in almost two decades, Elena Serova.
Back to Mars. According to Robert Zubrin, aerospace engineer, author, and president of the Mars Society, a round-trip mission to Mars could cost as little as $30 billion. While this is a low-ball estimate that ignores many of the details, it suggests that a manned Mars mission might not cost $450 billion, an amount proposed by NASA in 1989 that many believe is close to the upper limit for such a mission. Many of today's estimates tend to be around $100 billion.
To put these price tags in perspective, the Curiosity rover cost $2.5 billion. And while Curiosity is an impressive feat of engineering that is collecting and analyzing more of Mars than any robot before, its capabilities as an explorer pale in comparison to that of a human crew. In mere hours, a trained geologist could spot a rock that fills in gaps of solar system formation theory. Such a significant discovery could take a rover week, months, or years, if ever. Admittedly, though, rovers also have the benefit of running on plutonium dioxide and never needing to deficate. A manned Mars mission requires designing for the burdens of having a body.
In the early 2000s, Alan Drysdale, a systems analyst in advanced life support and a contractor with NASA, was thinking about the problem of astronaut bodies. He turned to a NASA document on physiological metrics called STD-3000, Man-Systems Integration Standards (now revised to STD-3001), which details needs and effluents for a range of body types. The STD-3000 gave the stats for women whose size was in the fifth percentile to men sized in the 95th percentile, a range from about 4-foot-11 and 90 pounds to 6-foot-3 and 215 pounds. He crunched the numbers.
Drysdale found that a fifth-percentile woman would use less than half the resources of a 95th-percentile man. While we didn't have a woman on the HI-SEAS crew who was in the fifth percentile, our stats were similar to the predictions.
Drysdale, who no longer works with NASA, is emphatic that the space agency wastes money and doesn't consider cost-saving approaches like a Mars crew of smaller astronauts. He says his calculations suggest all things being equal, such a crew would launch for half the payload cost. “Small women haven't been demonstrated to be appreciably dumber than big women or big men, so there's no reason to choose larger people for a flight crew when it's brain power you want,” says Drysdale. “The logical thing to do is to fly small women.”
Harry Jones, of NASA Ames Research Center, says that he too noticed the average female and male calorie requirement differed significantly and published on the topic in the early 2000s. “For a Mars mission, life support will be a major cost,” he says. “It is expected that oxygen and water can be recycled, but not food. Reducing the crew's calorie requirement would cut cost.”
Indeed, a number of people I talked to acknowledged the benefits of an all-female crew, or even just a crew made of smaller people in general. One proponent is Andrew Rader, a mission integrator at SpaceX. “Anything to reduce weight and even in terms of making the spacecraft seem bigger, having smaller astronauts would be great,” he says, noting that he isn't speaking on behalf of his company. “I think it's a reasonable proposal.”
As reasonable as an all-female Mars mission is from an economic perspective, some might find the idea offensive. After all, it'd be an expedition that fails to represent half the world's population; an all-female Mars crew would strike many as exceptionally biased.
Then again, space-mission design has always been biased in one way or another. Exploration in general is nothing if not political, dictated by the people with the money and power to choose the face of the expedition. Right now, it's unlikely that those with the power to do so would agree to fund a crew of small female astronauts even to save money.
And at this stage of predesign research for Mars, many who work with NASA believe selecting the right people for a mission is more nuanced than simply calculating size and resource requirements. “It's not really politically correct to mention that size, body type, gender, intelligence, agility, emotional structure, education, and other individual differences might all affect the cost-benefit equation in astronaut selection,” says Jones. “Really, the issues are all about crew performance including group dynamics, individual psychology, etc.”
Crew cohesion was an important subject of study during the HI-SEAS mission last year. My six crew members and I were chosen out of 700 applicants worldwide. We were a relatively diverse bunch: a Belgian man, a Canadian man, a Russian-American man, a Puerto Rican woman, a black woman who grew up in the Northeast, and me, a white woman from Kansas. We had a range of engineering, science, and creative backgrounds. For half of us, English wasn't our first language.
Because of our differences, we were often learning and relearning each other's problem-solving approaches, personalities, language quirks, and food preferences. But soon we realized that our diversity helped us solve various problems that came up, from designing new scientific experiments and analyzing data to building equipment to finding ingredient substitutions for recipes.
This was also the experience of astronaut So-yeon Yi, South Korea's first and only astronaut, who flew to the International Space Station in 2008. On being in a diverse group, she told me: “At first it's hell, but in the long term, diversity is very good. It's because uniform people in a team may be comfortable, but they can't know what they don't know.”
Soyeon Yi, who is 5-foot-4, said she didn't feel as cramped in the space station as the cosmonauts who were more than 6 feet tall. They were envious of her freedom of movement, she said. But she also stressed that she'd rather be in a diverse group than one that's too similar.
Based on my HI-SEAS experience, I tend to agree. Still, if the bottom line is what matters in getting to Mars, the more women the better.
Kate Greene is a writer in San Francisco and author of Reality Mining.
Numerous Hollywood celebrities took to Twitter to show their support for President Obama's announcement today that he is taking executive action to expand background checks, place more requirements on the backs of federally licensed firearms dealers, and require the Department of Justice to sponsor “smart gun” research.
For example, comedian Sarah Silverman bought Obama's criticism of the “gun lobby” hook, line, and sinker, then tweeted: “POTUS must take executive action to carry out the will of the people bc our reps suckle the teat of the NRA. GO BARRY.”
POTUS must take executive action to carry out the will of the people bc our reps suckle the teat of the NRA. GO BARRY — Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) January 5, 2016
Frozen and Pixels actor Josh Gad tweeted: “I feel like I live in a bizarro world when I hear people denying the need for background checks. WTF”
I feel like I live in a bizarro world when I hear people denying the need for background checks. WTF — Josh Gad (@joshgad) January 5, 2016
Parks and Recreation actress Rashida Jones tweeted: “See? Everyone agrees on what is reasonable.”
It is interesting to note that Jones did not explain how it is “reasonable” to claim expanding background checks will reduce high profile shootings when California and Colorado both have expanded background checks, yet America's last three high profile shootings occurred in California (San Bernardino) and Colorado (Colorado Springs, November 27 and October 31).
Avengers actor Mark Ruffalo tweeted: “The president is taking steps to keep guns out of the wrong hands through background checks.”
.@POTUS is taking steps to keep guns out of the wrong hands through background checks. #StopGunViolence pic.twitter.com/vAc2inKXQP — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) January 5, 2016
Hunger Games actress Elizabeth Banks tweeted: “Thank you [President Obama] for a dash of common sense on guns.”
Thank you @POTUS for a dash of common sense on guns. #StopGunViolence — Elizabeth Banks (@ElizabethBanks) January 5, 2016
Banks did not explain how expanding checks is “common sense” when the vast majority of mass shooters pass background checks to acquire the guns they use to attack innocents.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
In 2009 Andy Baio of Waxy.org — founder of Upcoming.org and former CTO of Kickstarter — created Kind of Bloop, an 8-bit tribute album to the best-selling jazz album of all time, Kind of Blue by Miles Davis. While Baio meticulously licensed all the music he used to create the album, he released a pixelated version of the original album cover (top, second from left) without licensing it, believing it was different and low-res enough to be considered fair use. He was then sued by the photographer, Jay Maisel, who “felt violated to find his image of Miles Davis, one of his most well-known and highly-regarded images, had been pixellated […]”.
Although he maintains that his use of the image didn't violate any copyright, Baio decided to settle out of court, paying Maisel $32,500 to avoid an expensive battle in court. He published a blog post today voicing his thoughts on this ordeal and on the topic of fair use. After discussing some criteria that define fair use, he writes,
In practice, none of this matters. If you're borrowing inspiration from any copyrighted material, even if it seems clear to you that your use is transformational, you're in danger. If your use is commercial and/or potentially objectionable, seek permission (though there's no guarantee it'll be granted) or be prepared to defend yourself in court. Anyone can file a lawsuit and the costs of defending yourself against a claim are high, regardless of how strong your case is. Combined with vague standards, the result is a chilling effect for every independent artist hoping to build upon or reference copyrighted works.
He also published the above images, asking where the line should be drawn between copyright infringement and fair use. It's an interesting thought experiment. Looking at the most pixelated image, which is literally four colored squares, it's hard to believe anyone would consider it a violation of the photo's copyright. If that's the case, then at which pixelation step does it become fair use?
Kind of Screwed (via Boing Boing)
Image credit: Photograph by Jay Maisel
PORT-AU-PRINCE — Angry Haitian mobs have lynched at least 45 people in recent weeks, accusing them of spreading a cholera outbreak that has killed over 2,500 people across the country, officials said Wednesday.
The number included at least 14 suspected sorcerers previously known to have been lynched in the far southwestern region of Grand'Anse as local people feared they were spreading cholera with a magical substance. The area has been largely spared by the outbreak.
“We have counted 40 people dead in Grand'Anse department alone, where people are attacking natural healers they accuse of cholera-linked witchcraft,” said communications ministry official Moise Fritz Evens.
Five other people were killed in similar circumstances elsewhere in the country.
“The victims — most of them voodoo priests — were stoned or hacked with machetes before being burned in the street,” added the official, who was presenting the results of an investigation conducted in Grand'Anse earlier this month.
Communications minister Marie-Laurence Lassegue said “voodoo practitioners have nothing to do with the cholera epidemic. We must press for an awareness campaign about the disease in the communities.”
Official figures earlier showed the water-borne bacterial infection has claimed 2,591 lives so far in the nation's first cholera outbreak in more than a century. The disease first appeared in mid-October in the north.
Health ministry figures as of December 17 showed 121,518 people had been treated for the water-borne bacterial infection, including 63,711 who received hospital treatment.
And in a sign there is no end in sight for the disease that has become a thorn in the side of the already deeply troubled nation, about 50 people died on each of the last five days recorded. At the outbreak's peak in November, there were daily death tolls of 60, 70 and even 80 and above.
The cholera outbreak led to deadly anti-UN riots last month as a desperate populace turned its anger on peacekeepers from Nepal accused of bringing the disease into the country.
The first lynching cases date back to late last month, when mobs hacked or stoned to death their victims.
About half of Haiti's population is believed to practice the voodoo religion in some form, though many are thought to also follow other religious beliefs at the same time. Sorcery and spiritual magic have been incorporated into some of the beliefs.
Voodoo evolved out of the beliefs that slaves from West Africa brought with them to Haiti. It is now deeply rooted in Haitian culture.
Western evangelical Christian movements however are also making inroads in Haiti, and religious tensions have risen in the wake of January's catastrophic earthquake that killed 250,000 people and left more than one million homeless.
But that was the job. And Murray had been practically born into it. His father, Joe “Reds” Murray, was a cop who insisted on walking a beat along Jewelers Row in his late 50s instead of retiring. Joe's grandfather and two uncles had been cops, too. “Reds” thought his son might try college after high school, but he headed straight for the Police Academy instead. As soon as he got on the force, he took his grandfather's old badge number.
Outside of then-Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey, Murray was also one of the best-known cops in the city. Long before anyone else in the Police Department, he used his personal Twitter account to try to show people that he wasn't much different from any other thirtysomething living in the city; he just happened to wear a badge to work everyday.
His tweets lurched from funny and self-deprecating — “Just had $20 worth of Wawa food on the touch screen then hit cancel and walked out. Big step for me.” — to offering particulars about unsolved crimes. This approach won him thousands of followers and some glowing media coverage, but it pissed off some of the department's older bosses, who didn't think a detective should be releasing information to the public without going through the chain of command.
Blowback over his Twitter stardom had thus far prevented Murray from reaching his ultimate goal: to work in the Homicide Unit.
One uncle, Dennis Murray, had been a sergeant in Homicide, and Joe came to view the unit as something that was available only to the department's best investigators.
But mostly he wanted to land there out of admiration for his father, who developed a reputation in the 1980s and '90s for being particularly adept at capturing murder suspects in the Badlands of North Philly. “Reds” Murray was so good, locking up more than 50 accused killers by his count, that a notorious gunman named Jose “Little Bert” DeJesus once put a contract out on his life.
That was the kind of work Joe wanted to do. But for now, he was stuck chasing criminals west of the Schuylkill.
He grabbed his phone and answered the call. A shooting, he was told, had just been reported in West Philly, on Angora Terrace near 55th.
That's strange, he thought. It was unusual to have somebody shot before lunchtime, even in this city.
An employee of T-Bar International in Quezon City handles a box sent from a Filipino family in Illinois. Jason Reblando
Each winter, balikbayan boxes—care packages from Filipinos living overseas—make the long journey home that their senders wish they could.
Editor's note: Jason Reblando was a Fulbright scholar in 2015, photographing the families of Overseas Filipino Workers (OFWs). The photos of balikbayan boxes and their contents included here are part of his ongoing project on the Filipino diaspora. If you are Filipino, or have been to a Filipino household, you are probably familiar with one of the most recognizable symbols of the Filipino diaspora: the balikbayan box. I grew up with these giant cardboard boxes. About the size of a microfridge, a box would take up an inordinate amount of space in my parents' living room or garage for months at a time. My parents would slowly fill it with perfumes, children's clothing, Spam, tins of butter cookies, and other non-perishable items. The unsightly box would eventually be bound for relatives in the Philippines, but for the most part it sat open for months, waiting to be packed and shipped. The balikbayan shipping industry is predicated upon the roughly 10 percent of the population of the Philippines who live and work abroad as permanent migrants or as Overseas Filipino Workers (OFWs), contract workers who leave their families for years—sometimes decades—at a time to support their families back home. The boxes might simply be thought of as care packages, but to consider the nuances of this culturally specific shipping service is to reveal emotional and financial backstories we often take for granted. Also, they differ from care packages in an important way: whereas traditional care packages send loved ones reminders of home, balikbayan boxes are poignant reminders that the senders are perpetually away from home.
Although the boxes come in various sizes, common dimensions are 28 by 18 by 16 inches, the maximum outside dimensions of checked airline luggage, should the box be brought home by plane. For a box weighing up to about 100 pounds, it costs approximately $60 to ship to metropolitan Manila and $90 to ship to islands that require a ferry. The low cost of shipping is not only an incentive for families to use these services, but also to stuff boxes with so many items that the bulge at the seams. (There is often so much duct tape used to secure the box, the package appears to be more tape than box.) Shipping costs are low because there is very little, if any, automation involved. In the case of T-Bar International, a regional balikbayan-box shipping company in central Illinois, a sole driver collects boxes from Filipino families throughout the Midwest. Without the use of conveyor belts or heavy-duty forklifts, the boxes are processed and stored in a standard freight container at a modest warehouse in Joliet, Illinois, until the container is filled to capacity with other balikbayan boxes. If you're lucky, your box is the last package to fit in the container before it's closed up and sent on its way. Otherwise, the box must wait for the container to be filled. However, families who employ balikbayan services prioritize volume and value over immediacy, so the boxes are mostly filled with sentimental non-urgent items.
The container is then transported by train to California, by ship to Taiwan and Manila, and by truck to a warehouse in Quezon City. The boxes are sorted by hand, according to region of the Philippines, then transported by delivery truck to families in metro Manila and outwards to the rural provinces. The journey of the box can take as long as two months. So it isn't unusual for people to complete their Christmas shopping for relatives in the Philippines by late September. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... Similar to wiring money back home in the form of remittances, sending a balikbayan box is a way to stay connected with family. Some objects sent are souvenirs particular to the country of origin; other items have no particular cultural value except for the sender's thoughtfulness. A Filipino in Milan may send pasta and jars of spaghetti sauce, but a Filipino in Dubai might pack the box with dishwasher detergent or tubes of toothpaste. Many of these banal household items can be purchased in the Philippines. However, when a bag of Doritos arrives in a balikbayan box from abroad, it's a way for a mother to indulge her son from thousands of miles away. When a grown daughter sends back a canister of Ensure protein drink, it's a reminder that she is thinking about her elderly mother's osteoporosis, and although she can't take care of her in person, the goods are a surrogate for her presence. When a bag of Doritos arrives in a balikbayan box from abroad, it's a way for a mother to indulge her son from thousands of miles away. I knew that my parents were sending balikbayan boxes home to family we had back in the Philippines, but I never fully realized what the boxes represented. Then, during my first trip to the Philippines in 2005, a cousin whom I'd never met before called me a balikbayan. I asked, “What do you mean? Like the box?” He patiently explained to me—a non-Tagalog-speaking Filipino-American—that balik means return and bayan means home. I was the relative who was returning home.
The word, then, has deep emotional resonance. It helps me to remember that Filipinos around the world are connected by the desire to return home, even if it takes a long time to get back. ***
For FloCombat via AG. Fight
Former two-time world boxing champion Paulie Malignaggi re-appeared in combat sports news over the last month after the boxer turned TV analyst was invited by Conor McGregor's team to help "The Notorious" prepare for his super-fight against Floyd Mayweather this Saturday, Aug. 26, in Las Vegas.
The partnership fell apart quickly, though, when photos were leaked that were, according to Malignaggi, misleading, which let to him leaving the camp and starting a war of words with the UFC lightweight champion.
"I think it was planned," Malignaggi told AG. Fight for FloCombat. "When I looked back [at what happened], I realized that everything was probably planned from the start. I talked bad about Conor six months ago, I wanted to get the fight, but that happens a lot among boxers. We talk, we try to get the fight.
"So, when he called me, I thought, Conor already talked bad about me, but since we won't fight it's like, hey, we're friendly to each other, we hug each other -- it's business. If you fight, you fight. If you don't fight, you understand that it's [been] business. So, I'm thinking, I've been through this before, I'm going to [join the] camp and we're going to be cool."
That didn't hold up for too long.
"I regret it a bit [to have accepted the offer]," Malignaggi said. "You know what it is? He couldn't get what he wanted from me the right way, so he did it the wrong way. He made up stories because he wanted to embarrass me so bad. He didn't have a lot. He had a few pictures but it doesn't work. You put the pictures out, now what happens? The reporters call me and ask me a lot questions because I'm Paulie Malignaggi. They asked me a bunch of questions: 'Can he punch?' So, I said yes, he can punch a little but he's not that big a puncher. Because he's not. He's OK, like, it's not bad. It's not [Gennady] Golovkin. It's not Canelo [Alvarez]. But it's not bad.
"I think he got mad about [the comments about his punching power], so he was looking for a way to make me go down and say, 'Look, that's my power.' But he didn't even do that right. He was pushing my head down and I'm pushing away. He let go and I fell. The right hand didn't touch me, it was a smack. You don't knock anybody down with a smack, I'm sorry. Not with 16 ounces and headgear. It's not going to happen."
So, how did the sparring in general go for him, despite the knockdown?
"I don't care," Malignaggi said. "I was in half-shape, I was OK. Listen, if I can go 12 rounds with you, in half-shape, and you're in training camp, you have a problem. You have a big problem. I can't do 12 rounds with girl boxers if I'm not in shape. And I got the better of a lot of the rounds [against McGregor].
"For me, I wasn't mad at anything but I started seeing things, and I started getting mad. This guy is doing things on purpose […]. One day, he made me come to the gym at 3:30. We're supposed to box at 9. I show up at 3:30, no boxing. And I can't work out because before, Conor has to work out, and I can't watch him work out. So why do I have to come to the gym at 3:30 [if] we're supposed to box at 9!? Just to tell me I can't work out […]? I cannot do this every day for three weeks."
Despite the experience not having been the smoothest for Malignaggi, he now has a unique foundation for predictions and didn't hesitate to give his take on what the outcome will be when 0-0 McGregor meets 49-0 Mayweather this Saturday at Las Vegas' T-Mobile Arena.
"I see Conor being very dirty in the beginning [to have Mayweather] confused," he said. "A mixed martial artist, when he gets close, what does he do? He grabs you. I was boxing [McGregor on the inside]. He doesn't know how to fight inside […]. Outside, Floyd is too good. Inside, Conor doesn't know how to fight, so what is he going to do? After a few rounds, he's going to realize he's dead -- just like with Nate Diaz."
Sign Up For The FloCombat Newsletter
Don't miss breaking news, feature stories, event updates, and more. Sign up for the FloCombat mailing list today.
[1] 2007 ISO radioactivity danger symbol intended for IAEA Category 1, 2 and 3 sources defined as dangerous sources capable of causing death or serious injury. The symbols are meant to convey the danger better than the trefoil sign
This article lists notable civilian accidents involving radioactive materials or involving ionizing radiation from artificial sources such as x-ray tubes and particle accelerators. Accidents related to nuclear power that involve fissile materials are listed at List of civilian nuclear accidents. Military accidents are listed at List of military nuclear accidents.
Scope of this article [ edit ]
In listing civilian radiation accidents, the following criteria have been followed:
There must be well-attested and substantial health damage, property damage or contamination. The damage must be related directly to radioactive materials or ionizing radiation from a man-made source, not merely taking place at a facility where such are being used. To qualify as "civilian", the operation/material must be principally for non-military purposes. The event is not an event involving fissile material or a nuclear reactor.
Before 1950s [ edit ]
1950s [ edit ]
June, 1958 - Y-12 National Security Complex criticality incident- Eight workers injured in the incident
1970s [ edit ]
1977 - Dounreay, United Kingdom – release of nuclear material
An explosion at the Dounreay Nuclear Power Development Establishment causes a mixture of unrecorded waste to be leaked from a waste disposal shaft.[6]
July 16, 1979 - Church Rock, New Mexico - release of radioactive mine tailings
September 29, 1979 - Tritium leak at American Atomics in Tucson, Arizona at the public school across the street from the plant. $300,000 worth of food was found to be contaminated; the chocolate cake had 56 nCi/L (2,100 Bq/L). By contrast, the EPA safety limit for drinking water is 20 nCi/L (740 Bq/L) based on consumption of two liters per day.[9][10][11][12]
1980s [ edit ]
1990s [ edit ]
2000s [ edit ]
2010s [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko says he has instructed all military units near Russian-occupied Crimea and in the easterly Donbas region to be at the highest level of combat readiness, following Russian allegations of a Ukrainian incursion into Crimea.
Also on August 11, the spokesman for Ukraine's General Staff told Reuters that Ukraine had been holding scheduled military exercises in southern Ukraine since August 10.
The statements come as Kyiv says Russia has amassed more troops in recent days equipped with more modern equipment on Ukraine's border with Russian-annexed Crimea
Oleh Slobodyan, the spokesman for the Ukrainian border guards, said on August 11 that "we can unequivocally say that Russian troops who were there since March are now being replaced with others."
"These troops are coming with more modern equipment and there are air assault units. In recent days, we see a strengthening of the units that are at the border. Their number increased," Slobodyan said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin accused Kyiv on August 10 of trying to destabilize Russian-annexed Crimea through saboteurs. Kyiv has rejected the charges as "senseless and cynical".
Based on reporting by Reuters and AP
The plan to make two different projects, Classic redux and Project:bulletstorm, is scrapped. The develompment is back to the classic v5.0 and a demo of the work made until now is RELEASED This new demo show the new things I'm planning for improve my project, which are in short: Remade arsenal, remade maps, custom options, new enemy look and behaviour.
v 5.0 Demo
-Project Bulletstorm and Classic redux are scrapped. Back to the classic project develompment
-Totaly reworked all the weapons:now have different mechanics, new sprites, new sounds and new animations.
-New sprites for guards, rifleman, SS, Elite SS,Officers,Dogs and Hans Grosse.
-New enemies behavior(such new attacks)
-Remade some props sprites and code
-The demo offer only the first episode of Wolfenstein 3D.All the whole episode have remade levels,such different heights,sliding doors,few new areas and etc.
-New sprites for the kick
-New blood walls decals from Brutal Doom v20b
-Added custom options,which interest the customization of enemies,props,ammo spawn.
-New titlemap
-Remade some graphics(menus and hud)
-Remade the hud with new graphics and new valour to show.
-And other misc stuff.
Have you ever wished your transmission were smarter? We're not talking about a dual-clutch or a paddle-shift automatic, but a manual. No? Well, maybe you should have.
Ford has developed a smart shift knob for manual transmissions (in this case, a 2013 Shelby Mustang GT500), that can help drivers learn how to shift properly.
Also See: Search for a Used Ford Mustang
It's not available for purchase, as it's a Ford engineer's project using the company's OpenXC research platform--but the project is open-source, and the design files and firmware are available for download. So you can make one for yourself.
So how does it work? It takes a haptic vibration motor from an Xbox 360 controller and a Bluetooth link to the car's data output and packages them all into a fairly compact shift knob. Then the system senses the car's rpm and speed, and vibrates to tell the driver it's time to shift. Engineer Zachary Nelson also says it could be modified to vibrate to indicate other information, including the optimal shift points for gas mileage.
While the knob itself might not have all that much use for us--or for most people in the real world--the idea that a carmaker is developing and prototyping products, then releasing those designs into the wild for further development by the automotive community, is downright amazing.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+.
Over the past two decades, this old trading town in southern India has been transformed into a bustling business city as software companies, call centers and factories set up here. Dozens of colleges, air-conditioned shopping malls and international gyms now dot its leafy lanes.
But like many emerging Indian cities, Hubli is ill-equipped to cope with the growth. Piles of garbage lie uncollected on street corners, and vehicles clog the narrow roads. Most residents have access to clean water for just a few hours a week.
More than 600 million Indians will live in cities by 2030, up from 350 million today. About 70 percent of new jobs will be created in cities by 2030, fueling the national economy like never before.
But the government says the country's infrastructure is unprepared for the massive urban growth. Only 20 percent of India's urban sewage is treated before disposal, and few cities have sanitary landfills for solid waste. Out of 85 cities with over half a million people, only 20 have local bus service. India needs to invest more than $860 billion in urban infrastructure over the next 20 years, officials say.
“Our cities are bursting at their seams with people, but urban services are lacking. We don't have enough trained town planners. Our cities are growing without any plan,” said Kamal Nath, the urban development minister in New Delhi.
With more than 900,000 people, Hubli is emerging as an example of the problems and the promise accompanying India's urban boom as cities of its size look for ways to prepare for new growth.
Two decades ago, Hubli was a cotton and chili trading town, connected to the rest of India only by train. But it began to grow as businesses looked for places to expand beyond expensive and clogged large cities and as the number of college-educated young people began swelling in small towns. Two large, national highways were also constructed through Hubli.
Its small airport, which began functioning in 2006 with propeller planes, is now expanding its runway to make room for wide-bodied Boeing 737s to land. Officials are trying to combat the rising number of private cars and encourage public transport by building dedicated lanes for buses.
But one of Hubli's most dramatic projects focuses on overhauling the city's water supply model to keep up with growing aspirations of its residents. With a $39 million grant from the World Bank, the water department began a pioneering experiment in 2008 to deliver water to five neighborhoods 24 hours a day. The project's success has triggered a clamor for similar programs not only in other neighborhoods, but also other Indian cities.
Until recently, Hubli residents used to skip work and school to line up for water, which was delivered by the city every eight days.
“Sometimes they supplied water in the middle of the night and everybody would run to the taps. Fights would break out. It was like living in a village, not in a city,” said Saleema Sattar, 41, an accountant who lives in a low-income neighborhood.
At first, round-the-clock water was unimaginable for the residents here. They thought the city would quickly run out and feared that their bills would be too high. The city council's waterworks staff thought that the French company called in to manage the water supply would fire them.
But now, residents pay for their water, and officials say that there is less waste and fewer cases of waterborne diseases.
“This has been a miracle. We can turn the tap on anytime of the day and there is water,” said Girija Manjunath, 31, who lives in a blue-collar area that now receives water. “It has freed me from water worries. My children are cleaner and go to school. Others in the city envy my destiny now.”
The transformation was not easy. Fifty-year-old pipelines, which were cracked and leaking badly, had to be replaced with a new underground water distribution pipes.
“The cracks used to suck external filth and sewage into the water pipes. The old water pipes had been laid very close to underground drainage. This was the cause for constant waterborne diseases in the city,” said M.K. Managond, a senior engineer in Hubli's water department.
What was worse, Hubli did not have a database on the state of its water pipelines. Officials did not know where they were, where they were leaking or the extent of illegal tapping. When a pipe broke, it took weeks for the city council to find and fix it.
The success of the 24-hour water supply program in Hubli has fueled other aspirations as well — for better public parks, wider roads, traffic management and street lights.
“Our ambitions are growing. It is like a frog coming out of a pond and discovering that the river is bigger,” said Madan Desai, former president of the chamber of commerce in Hubli. “Small towns don't want to be in stagnant waters anymore.”
MONTREAL
Former Formula 1 champion Jacques Villeneuve said he left Quebec because of the province's language laws, business climate and the general “morose ambiance.”
In an exclusive interview with QMI Agency, Villeneuve, who works as an F1 analyst on French and Italian television, said he “no longer felt at home” in Quebec.
He recently sold his luxurious home in one of Montreal's wealthiest neighbourhoods and is now living in Andorra, a microstate that is known as a tax haven, located in the Pyreneese mountains between France and Spain.
“My leaving had nothing to do with taxes,” Villeneuve said. Rather, he said he didn't appreciate Quebec's “evolution,” which he said reminded him of France.
“Everything bad about France was transferred to Quebec,” he said. “The social ills, the student protests … The climate is such that people hesitate before investing in Quebec.”
He blamed government regulations for scaring off investors, and said he didn't want his three children to live in the “morose ambiance” in Quebec that “blocks its future.”
In particular, Villeneuve targeted the province's language laws, which legislate the use of the French language. He said it's up to parents to teach their children how to speak French.
The former F-1 driver will be in Montreal in two weeks for the Canadian Grand Prix where he'll likely draw criticism for his recent remarks on Quebec.
Villeneuve also received the wrath from student movement leaders last spring when he invited striking students to “stop protesting and go back to school.”
Jeff Hughes | October 9th, 2014
There are a lot of reasons not to like the Chicago Bears after their disastrous fourth quarter in North Carolina. There are a lot of reasons to think the media/fan negativity is entirely warranted. This team may continue struggling to mount drives. They may continue to make horrible special teams errors. They may continue giving up yardage in huge chunks. So with that…
Why do I like the Chicago Bears this week?
I always like the Chicago Bears.
IN ELEVEN QUESTIONS…
(1) Having seen the success the Panthers had late, will Falcons defensive coordinator Mike Nolan continue his attempts to compensate for his ineffective front four by utilizing extra personnel to pressure Cutler? Against the Giants, this left gaping holes in the middle of the field and Eli Manning dissected the Falcons. Expect Matt Forte to settle underneath the Falcons secondary and provide check downs for Cutler all afternoon.
____________________
(2) Can Desmond Trufant recover from his dismal performance against the Giants with the wide receiver talent increasing Sunday? Trufant is constantly left on an island with receivers, specifically in the red zone. If I am Jay Cutler this is a week to unleash the vertical passing game and allow Marshall and Jeffery to make plays even when they seem to be covered.
____________________
(3) Do the Bears have any hope of stopping Julio Jones? The answer is unequivocally no. The Falcons line up Jones everywhere and run him on as creative an array of routes as you'll see designed for a premier wide receiver. He'll run a go from one side, a slant from the other and a shallow cross from the slot on three consecutive plays. Will the Bears deploy Kyle Fuller on Jones for the entirety of the game? Doubtful. Jones is too good to isolate in man over the full sixty minutes. I'm having a hard time not envisioning a 10-catch, 140 yard performance.
____________________
(4) The shame of the Panthers punt “return” touchdown was it overshadowed just how good a punt it was from Pat O'Donnell. O'Donnell is turning into a weapon for the Bears but will Marc Trestman even entertain the idea of punting to Devin Hester? If he does, if Devin Hester fields a punt, I might be motivated to write a “Fire Trestman” column on my train ride back from New Haven, Connecticut Sunday night out of pure rage. High punts to the sideline. Kick offs out the back of the end zone. Next.
____________________
(5) One thing that surprised me when watching Falcons tape is how often they want to pound the ball into the end zone with Steven Jackson when they get deep. Will the Bears be able to keep their discipline and look run with those receiving weapons looming down around the goal line? Ryan is one of the league's most productive and accurate passers in the red zone. Their strength in the run game down there is a big reason why.
____________________
(6) When you watch the Falcons now, they remind you of the Saints. That is never more evident then in their dynamic screen game. Will the Bears be prepared to keep up with their speedy, versatile backs in coverage? When Lance Briggs sees Devonta Freeman or Antone Smith on the field he better make sure all eleven defenders are aware of them once the ball is snapped.
____________________
(7) The Giants pass rush came alive and chased Matt Ryan from the pocket endlessly. (Falcons offensive line is a shambles right now.) Will the Bears pass rush do the same? If they don't, Ryan will rip their secondary apart.
____________________
(8) Falcons have only four sacks on the season but Osi Umenyiora showed signs of coming alive against the Giants. (That sentence still feels odd to me.) Who doesn't remember Osi and Justin Tuck teeing off on Jay Cutler in the Meadowlands in 2010? Can Ola handle Osi? I don't expect it to be a man-to-man battle for too long but Ola will have to win physically at some point.
____________________
(9) Another surprise watching the Giants/Falcons tape. The Giants offensive line – the entirety of the Giants offensive line – pushed around the Falcons front. Rashad Jennings gashed the Falcons straight up the gut and seemed to have most of his success attacking the right side of the Falcons rush, where Umenyiora seems to strictly line up. With the Falcons scoring a zillion points every time they play in Atlanta, can the Bears rushing attack limit their possessions and keep the ball out of Ryan's hands?
____________________
(10) Safety discipline is going to be a massive factor Sunday for both teams. Can the Bears safeties play with discipline? They will be tested several times by Devin Hester running a go route. They must take proper angles to Jones and White when they catch the mid-level slant. They must be aware and tackle in the screen game. When Matt Ryan drops deep in the pocket he wants to hit home runs.
____________________
(11) The complaint used to be Jay Cutler over-targeted Brandon Marshall. Now Marshall's complaint is he's not seeing enough of the ball, presumably because he is being schemed out of the offense by Marc Trestman. If Trestman is actually scheming Marshall out of the offense it is very, very silly. Will the Bears make sure their best offensive player has an impact Sunday?
FINAL SCORE PREDICTION
Falcons score. They score a lot. But the Bears are desperate for a win and Jay Cutler gets it done in a shootout. Brandon Marshall catches 10 passes for 133 yards and 2 touchdowns.
Chicago Bears 34, Atlanta Falcons 33
