I like working with my notebook, but only when the battery allows me to move with it. Different spaces and places inspire me. There is always a problem with the support under it, though. For example, now, I use some kind of book of the same size. When Mania was pregnant, suddenly it occurred there are no such stands that would be perfect for a woman with a 7th months belly (beside her belly). All in all, she decided not to use a computer until Anya was born.I bet many of you face the same problem with notebook stands. Eiter their size is awkward, or they heat too much. I have got a solution for you! PVC Pipes Notebook Stand made by creative girls from superziper.com. Whenever I've looked at PVC pipes I can see broken toilet or sink, the last thing would be a creative support for my notebook. It would perfectly go with this Rainbow Table It is very simple to make and doesn't require expensive tools. Just a few pipes, hammer a saw, then a bit of your favorite color, and there it is. An outstanding notebook that attracts attention of all your friends. Would you take up this little, handy project? Share it with us after you finish.Original Portuguese tutorial of PVC Pipes Notebook Stand, here
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
On his radio show, Rush Limbaugh warped Chris Matthews' statement that Obama went to the enemy camp last night, by proclaiming that West Point is not the enemy camp, but that MSNBC and the White House are the real enemies of America. Apparently, Chris Matthews now speaks for the entire Left.
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters:
Limbaugh said, “Don't forget in one of Obama's books, just as an aside here, when he is talking about the first job he had in the private sector, he felt like he was behind enemy lines. He doesn't like the private sector, just like Chris Matthews last night referred to West Point as the enemy camp. He referred to Obama going into the enemy camp, the United States Military Academy, and people are livid and outraged by that, as they well should be.”
He continued, “Well, of course he told the truth about what he thinks, but it is an outrageous truth. Why should we be? Ok, you want to praise him for being honest, fine, but the United States Military Academy is not the enemy camp. The enemy camp MSNBC, the enemy camp is the White House right now, not to us, for the country. The United States Military Academy is in no way, the enemy camp other than to these people, and it is quite instructive that they so say. As they panic they get more honest, and as they acquire more power, they get more hateful.”
Limbaugh managed to take Chris Matthews' statement that is almost universally disagreed with on the left, and turn it into a statement for the left. If Limbaugh wants to fight with MSNBC, that's fine, but he is not helping the GOP cause by referring to the White House as the enemy to America.
Rush Limbaugh is supposed to be the most influential conservative voice in America, and this is why Republicans are pushing themselves closer to extinction every time that they listen to him. Painting Democrats as the enemy of America is a strategy that is certain to lead to comprehensive defeat.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
The Kennedy's motorcade drives through downtown Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963, moments before the shooting of President John F. Kennedy. (Bettmann/Corbis)
This is a guest post by University of Miami political scientists Joseph Uscinski and Joseph Parent. This article is based on portions of their forthcoming book “American Conspiracy Theories” (Oxford University Press, 2014).
Conspiracy theories are conquering the country, leading us into a dark age of cynicism. Americans are bombarded by a growing barrage of outlandish tales, aided and abetted by a polarizing media, and amplified by the echo chamber of the Internet. While all sides indulge in conspiracy theories, Republicans and conservatives are particularly prone to them. Such inflamed rhetoric divides nations and destroys deliberative democracy.
Actually, there is not much truth in any of the above. Journalists have been quick to proclaim a “new age of conspiracy theories.” The only problem is that “new age” is typically just a synonym for “now.” For example, see 2011, 2010, 2004, 1994, 1991 and 1964. Fortunately, we have a much better sense of where conspiracy theories come from and why so many people believe them.
Conspiracy theories ignite when motive meets opportunity. For reasons we mostly attribute to socialization, some individuals tend to see the world more through a conspiratorial lens than others. We can think of this predisposition as a strong bias against powerful disliked actors that is not caused by partisanship, stupidity or psychopathology. In fact, people disposed to see conspiracies are just as likely to be Democrats as Republicans, and appear just as likely to be lauded (e.g. Thomas Jefferson) as reviled (e.g. Joseph McCarthy).
Once socialization stacks the tinder, political opportunity sets off the sparks. This means that the predisposition to see conspiracies must harmonize with political ideology and partisanship. Different conspiracy theories will therefore appeal to different people. Normally, when possibly incriminating information comes out, at best half of the political spectrum has an incentive to use it. And, depending on the quality of that information, about half of that half has the predispositions to try.
Because of this, most conspiracy theories will only attract a quarter to a third of the population. The Truther and Birther theories are good examples. (Respectively, these are the theories that the Bush administration either directed or permitted the 9/11 attacks, and that Barack Obama was foreign-born and faked his Hawaiian birth certificate.) They resonate with about 25 percent of the population, largely those with conspiratorial worldviews whose party stands to gain from the accusations. Polls show there is a great deal of symmetry between the popularity of the left-leaning Truther theory and the right-leaning Birther theory, despite each side's wishes to the contrary.
But Kennedy conspiracy theories are significantly more popular. Polls find that between 60 and 80 percent of Americans reject the idea that Kennedy was killed by Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone. In fact, more Americans believe that a shadowy conspiracy was behind a president's death 50 years ago than know who Joe Biden is. Why are Kennedy assassination conspiracy theories so popular? The distinguishing feature of a successful conspiracy theory is power, and the Kennedy assassination has that in spades. The victim was an American president and the potential villains include actors of immense reach and influence. There are so many accused conspirators that anyone, regardless of political affiliation, can find a detested powerful actor to blame. For those on the right there is Lyndon Johnson, Fidel Castro and the Soviet Union; for the left there is Lyndon Johnson, defense contractors and the military. And this is only a partial list. Conspiracy theories are not only about power but proof. High-quality information does change minds: When the Watergate story first broke, many dismissed the charges as partisan. Because high-quality evidence became available — hearings were held, evidence was presented, co-conspirators admitted to their crimes — virtually everyone now believes that Nixon conspired to commit and cover up crimes. But unlike the Birther and Truther theories, which languish for lack of impartial support, JFK conspiracy theories have some impartial support. Calling it “proof” might be generous, but Kennedy assassination conspiracy theories clear higher evidentiary bars. There is evidence that the government hurried the investigation of the president's murder and was not eager to find high-profile scapegoats. Most accounts attribute that rush to a pragmatic desire not to wrongfully implicate the Soviets and dangerously destabilize superpower relations. Most notably an official congressional inquiry seemed convinced of a conspiracy, so even those with moderate conspiratorial predispositions have something to hang their hat on. Because of their evolving scapegoats and above-average amount of evidence, JFK conspiracy theories have lodged themselves into the collective consciousness.
This is unlikely to happen again in the short term. Our analyses suggest the overall level of conspiracy theorizing in the United States has been going down steadily since Kennedy's assassination. The U.S. government looks too ungainly to control and too leaky to seal. Liberals and conservatives increasingly see the world differently and now debate conspiracy theories about different events rather than different interpretations of the same event. While often a scapegoat, the Internet does not appear to have changed conspiracy theorizing any more than television or radio did. Our research shows that the vast majority of Internet news discusses conspiracy theories mostly to mock or debunk them. Of the 100 or so most trafficked Web sites in the United States, none are primarily focused on conspiracy theories.
While current conditions suggest that Kennedy assassination conspiracy theories will remain prominent for some time, they will not do so forever. With titanic theories about Freemasons, Abolitionists, robber barons, communists and more in our past, something new and big will eventually come along when the conditions are more amenable. Whether it will rank with the most momentous in American history is worth debating. Ever hear the one about King George III's plans to enslave North America? Now there was a conspiracy theory.
California's Department of Justice (DOJ) is working on 60 pages of regulatory changes for “assault weapons” and “high capacity” magazines behind closed doors.
The California DOJ was forced to turn over documentation related to the changes because of public records request that the Firearms Policy Coalition and the California Rifle and Pistol Association made.
Guns.com obtained and then published the regulatory changes, which include a revamped online registration system to allow Californians to register their “assault weapons” prior to January 1, 2018, when California's latest “assault weapons” ban takes effect. The Firearms Policy Coalition reports this ban requires registration of all “assault weapons” outfitted with “bullet buttons” for magazine release.
The catch is that the online “assault weapons” registration site notifies people in bold blue letters:
The ability to register an Assault Weapon pursuant to Assembly Bill (AB) 1135 and Senate Bill (SB) 880, is not yet available. Pursuant to AB 1135 and SB 880, Assault Weapon registration regulations must be effective before any registrations can take place. At this time, the regulations are still pending, however they should be effective in the very near future.
But once the online system is working, residents registering their weapons online will have “to upload four clear digital photos of the firearm including of the magazine release, of each side of the receiver and of the barrel.” People registering homemade firearms “will have to send in photos of the now-mandated DOJ-supplied serial number after it has been permanently applied to the gun.” In both cases, the fee for registration will be $15.
This confusing and ever-changing maze of gun control regulations is a testimony to the train wreck that results when gun control is passed for the sake of gun control, when an honest pursuit of safety is exchanged for an equally honest war on the Second Amendment.
The 60 pages of regulatory changes can be viewed here.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Schrödinger's cat;202002711 said: I'm in no particular hurry to buy a new console - I've plenty to play for the next year on my current gaming machines.
So, with that in mind, I'm fine with this. I would *much* rather see a console launch in the best possible way than make some sort of stumble that could plague it for years. If that takes extra time, so be it.
I've no doubt that, when the time is right, we'll be blitzed with details of what it does, how it does it, who is supporting it, what to expect at launch etc. Click to expand...
But GAF wants news of it at E3. And a live conference. Don't forget a live conference.I much rather this than situations like Sony uncountable E3s of promises that are never fulfilled. See games like, Rhyme, The Last Guardian, Agent, Final Fantasy vs XIII and whatnot. Now, why GAF thinks that they would be better managing Nintendo when they have no idea of what is going on behind the scenes is silly. Just not as silly as thinking that if Nintendo doesn't "win" E3 this year it spells run to its fortune, though. Whatever winning a live conference means, anyway.I much rather have a proper launch in March, with details coming whenever they are ready than rushing everything and having a half baked launch that ends up being more frustrating than anything. Also, they have been super secretive until now, they will not open their mouths now so far ahead of launch just to appease a few people feeling in gaming forums.
German discount store says it will respond to price cuts from competitors with further reductions as sales rise 36% to £5.3bn
Aldi has vowed to maintain the supermarket price war that has drawn legions of cost-conscious shoppers to its aisles as it announced a 65% increase in its UK profits.
The German discounter said it would respond to price cuts from competitors with further discounts and claimed that attempts by rivals to match its budget approach had only served to boost sales.
Aldi reveals on Monday that UK sales increased 36% to £5.3bn last year and pre-tax profits climbed by nearly two-thirds to £261m. The announcement comes a week after the most prominent victim of Aldi's success, Tesco, saw its woes deepen with the admission that it had overstated profit estimates by £250m.
“Whatever our competitors plan to do, we know exactly what our response will be and our competitors do as well. We will not let them compete on price. We will not let them close the gap,” said Matthew Barnes, Aldi's UK joint managing director.
He added that copycat discounts imposed by Tesco and Morrisons had made shoppers even more aware of cost – to Aldi's benefit. “Price cuts [by rivals] have encouraged consumers to think more about what supermarkets charge,” he said.
Aldi opened 42 new stores last year and attracted 1 million more customers, capitalising on a significant change in shopping habits that is hitting the traditional supermarket giants hard.
Aldi is to open 54 new stores in the UK in 2014 and next year it plans up to 65, taking its total number of outlets to over 600. The UK chain, which is owned by the Albrecht family, based in Mülheim an der Ruhr in western Germany, is aiming to have 1,000 stores by 2021.
Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons have all lost market share in the past year as the low prices offered by Aldi and fellow German discounter Lidl have tempted customers away. Aldi has also lured shoppers with smaller, uncomplicated stores based in neighbourhoods rather than out-of-town locations.
Established retailers have been forced to cut prices to become more competitive with Aldi and Lidl – but Aldi has only lowered its prices in response.
“We want to have a minimum of a 15% basket discount [to the UK's major chains] and the reality is that it's higher than that,” Barnes said. His fellow managing director, Roman Heini, added: “Our competitors have mentioned the need to close the gap on Aldi, but we are clear that we will maintain that price gap and are determined to do so.”
The Aldi executives said they were prepared to take a cut in profit margins in order to maintain their lead.
Heini said Aldi's business model, based on selling about 2,500 products – less than a tenth of the range sold in the average British supermarket – meant that the major chains would never be able to match its prices. Aldi is able to order this selection, more than 90% of which is own-label products, through bulk-buying, while dictating the package size in order to fit the maximum amount of goods on its shelves and lorries in order to keep costs low.
While low prices are the magnet for most shoppers, Aldi has also broadened its appeal with clever marketing and more fresh foods. This Christmas it will offer nearly a third more premium products than it had in stores last year, including caviar, fresh crab and fresh scallops, as it tries to draw in wealthier shoppers on the lookout for bargains.
Several of Aldi's newer stores will be more than a quarter larger than its current average store size of 1,000 square metres in order to squeeze in this wider range of products. At Christmas and other peak sales periods like Easter and the summer holidays it adds another 200 or so items to its product list.
“There are still members of the public that don't shop with us. Some because they don't have access to our stores, some because they are yet to be convinced, and Christmas is a fantastic chance for us to showcase that you can get everything and more that you need,” said Barnes.
The president's decision was a humanitarian one, not a political one, officials said. | REUTERS Obama's Libya gamble
Military operations over Libya are proceeding according to plan, but the same can't be said for President Barack Obama's attempts to win support back home for the unexpected war.
Liberals are infuriated that a man who made his reputation speaking out against a “dumb war” in Iraq was so quick to join the fray in Libya. Conservatives, led by Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), argue that he could have ousted Muammar Qadhafi weeks ago by acting boldly.
Story Continued Below
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) seems to be aligning himself with many congressional Democrats — offering tempered support for Obama while warning against taking further steps without asking congressional leaders ahead of time.
And Sen. Dick Lugar of Indiana, usually Obama's Republican security blanket on foreign policy, voiced skepticism about the Libyan operation's cost and its nebulous objective, which seems somewhere between regime change and humanitarianism.
“We had better get this straight from the beginning … or there's going to be a situation where war lingers on, country after country, situation after situation, all of them on a humane basis, saving people,” Lugar warned Sunday on CBS's “Face the Nation.”
In moving so quickly, without a serious stab at bipartisan consensus-building in Congress, Obama is taking on a political risk with an outcome as uncertain as the military operation itself.
Like a penny-ante poker player who stuns his sleepy companions by pushing all of his chips to the middle of the table at the end of the game, Obama has taken his biggest foreign policy risk to date at a time when caution is increasingly defining his domestic agenda.
In the past, Obama's gambles mostly paid off. But this time, the results are in the hands of Qadhafi — an unpredictable villain straight out of a James Bond movie — a hastily assembled international coalition and, above all, an American public weary of endless wars in the Mideast.
“It's a genuine test of foreign policy leadership. And this time, whatever happens can't be blamed on his predecessor,” said longtime Republican pollster Frank Luntz. “Short-term, his base voters won't be happy to see the U.S. engaged in now a third conflict when they are strongly opposed to the other two. But in the long term, if this leads to Qadhafi being removed, he will score real political points among independents and swing voters. Basically, it's a high-risk, high-reward strategy.”
Luntz added, “I can imagine the line that opens the presidential debate on foreign policy: ‘Six presidents have talked about getting rid of Qadhafi. Six presidents talked. One president acted.'”
Rich Swann's suspension from WWE following his domestic violence arrest on Sunday was a shock to many people in WWE but others were not too surprised.
As first noted in the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, some that knew Swann and his wife, Vanarah Riggs (aka independent wrestler Su Yung), say that they are two “broken” people due to events that took place in their lives before professional wrestling. Someone that knew them describes this situation as very unfortunate because Swann's career could be over and this could be devastating for them financially as a couple.
Swan told his story on “Best Friends with Rich Swann” for Highspots a couple of years ago. He talked about his father abusing his mother when he was young. His father was killed by his girlfriend and Swann was just 12 at the time. He talked about falling in with a rough crowd and getting on cocaine after his mother died when he was 16. Swann was homeless for a period of time. His supplier died of a heart attack and, with the help of his aunt, he stopped using cocaine and then began to turn his life around. He credits wrestling for saving his life. Following his arrest on Sunday, WWE issued the following statement: “WWE has zero tolerance for matters involving domestic violence, and per our policy, Rich Swann has been indefinitely suspended following his arrest.”
We hope things can turn around for both of them.
Check out some of the trending wrestling news stories below:
The App Store is the best way to download and use apps on your iPhone, iPod touch, or iPad, and every so often, you get an update for one of your apps that is supposed to fix problems or add new features.
Of course, what are you supposed to make of app updates that don't really give you any information about what you're downloading?
A problem that keeps growing
Let me just be clear from the start that this is somewhat of a rant, and you're free to agree or disagree with my opinion here, but I have a real beef with something that's been going on lately in the App Store and as I've seen from comments on my Twitter, others seem to agree.
This has been going on for months and I always brushed it off like nothing. On the other hand, it seems as though it's becoming more and more popular for larger app publishers in the App Store to release weekly or bi-weekly updates where they fail to actually communicate with the user what they're changing in the app update.
As it becomes more and more of a common practice among larger app publishers, I begin to hate it more and more, because I know less and less about the updates I'm installing.
Case in point:
And because this isn't a post intended to only make Facebook look bad, here are some other examples of other services doing the same thing.
Repeat offenders in this department are Facebook, Twitter, Dropbox, Pinterest, and several others, with the list continuing to grow. Rather than an informative change log that shows a list of changes, you're left with some tongue in cheek statement about how “they're listening” and “bringing you the weekly updates you want to make the app better.”
And, just to rub things in a little more, you get that fake smile “thank you” for downloading the update you may or may not want.
After launching the Dropbox app following this update, I immediately saw a redesigned upload button. I mean… would it have been that hard to note in the change log, “hey, we updated our look?” I think not…
Forcing unwanted changes down your throat
Of course… how many times do some of these changes actually do just that? Many times, these updates include app changes that you don't really want, but the companies push it on you anyways.
One prime example is Facebook Messenger, which I think has been completely ruined in the latest update. In conversation list view, your list of conversations is now interrupted by “favorites,” “active now” and other unwanted content that you don't' really want to see, right smack in the middle of your messaging list experience.
Facebook only shows the 3 most recent conversations in the app, and to get to all the other conversations, you now have to scroll all the way to the bottom of the app.
If only Facebook had listed this in a change in the App Store's Updates tab… I might have actually been able to avoid installing this update and left my app how I liked it.
It's not just Facebook
I'm not only hating on Facebook, because quite frankly I love using it and I use it frequently for my profession, but I really dislike their practices. Facebook isn't the only company that's doing this, but they seemed to start the trend.
Now, several other companies have joined the bandwagon. I don't know what apps to install and what apps not to install, because there aren't any change logs included in the updates anymore.
I was once told by an app developer that this might happen when an update is so small that it isn't worth mentioning what's new, but in many of these cases, I think the changes are actually quite significant, such as the changes in Facebook Messenger. I find it disgusting that you have to visit the company's blog to find out what's new because they can't list what's new in the change log.
What a change log should look like
I really appreciate a good change log, and here's what one should look like. It should inform the user of what's being fixed, added, or removed, so that they aren't forced to change an experience to one that they don't find comfortable:
With a change log like this, I can tell if the update is actually going to fix a problem I'm having, or if one of the changes is going to ruin part of the functionality I enjoy using.
Take note of the bulleted (or in this case, dashed) list of changes. Good stuff; why can't everyone do that?
Slack is really good with their change logs, but a change log like this is also perfectly acceptable. Although it's not as detailed, it still makes an attempt to communicate what's new in the update:
One thing that this definitely goes to show is that individual app developers and smaller development teams care a lot more about their users than larger app publishers do.
A change in focus
I am one to keep things up to date, and more often than not, I'll update apps whether I really want to or not. But some individuals and organizations actually rely on certain versions of software to go day to day without problems, and sometimes updates introduce instability and problems.
So when companies don't want to give users the information they need to make an educated choice, it really grinds my gears. In fact, it makes me not want to really install these updates anymore.
Wrapping up
I think Apple really needs to do something about the current situation and force app developers to provide some kind of detailed, full-disclosure change log each time an app update is pushed via the App Store.
The only people who suffer from uneducated decisions like these are the users. It allows companies to push unwanted changes and features into the palm of people's hands and prevent things from working how we want them to.
With a simple App Store policy update, this is something Apple could easily change. What are your thoughts? Should Apple do something about this? Share in the comments!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
It's all but impossible to watch TV, read a paper, or interact on social media without being bombarded with endless, depressing news these days. So here's an easy hack that might make you feel better about how 2017 is going by making it easy to donate to the ACLU using an Amazon Dash button.
Typically used to order household staples like detergent, garbage bags, or macaroni and cheese at the push of a button (which is kind of depressing in and of itself), Amazon also created a hackable version of its Dash buttons last year. And it was that Amazon Web Services IoT button—with a custom label attached—that programmer Nathan Pryor used to make it incredibly easy to donate to the American Civil Liberties Union, which has its work cut out for it as of late.
Unable to find a programming interface that could be used to automate sending donations to the ACLU, Pryor wrote a custom script, powered by Amazon's servers, that automatically filled out the donation page with his name, address, and credit card info.
Advertisement
To ensure his bank account wasn't accidentally drained were there a problem with his coding or the Dash button, Pryor had each $5 donation deducted from a pre-paid debit card. But once everything was working with the button, giving the ACLU a helping hand every time another terrible tweet appeared on his Twitter timeline became as easy as restocking his pantry.
If you want to build your own ACLU donation Dash button, Pryor has made his custom programming available for download on Github, but you'll want to be very careful with it as he's included no failsafes or error checking. So if something changes on the ACLU's donation page, you could find yourself with a massive tax write-off.
[YouTube via Medium]
The Large Binocular Telescope (LBT) is an optical telescope for astronomy located on 10,700-foot (3,300 m) Mount Graham, in the Pinaleno Mountains of southeastern Arizona, United States. It is a part of the Mount Graham International Observatory. The LBT is currently one of the world's most advanced optical telescopes; using two 8.4 m (330 inch) wide mirrors, with centres 14.4 m apart, it has the same light-gathering ability as an 11.8 m (464 inch) wide single circular telescope and detail of a 22.8 m (897 inch) wide one.[1] Its mirrors individually are the joint second-largest optical telescope in continental North America, behind the Hobby–Eberly Telescope in West Texas; it is also the largest monolithic, or non-segmented mirror, in an optical telescope. Strehl ratios of 60–90% in the infrared H band and 95% in the infrared M band have been achieved by the LBT.[2]
Project [ edit ]
The LBT was originally named the "Columbus Project". It is a joint project of these members: the Italian astronomical community represented by the Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica, the University of Arizona, University of Minnesota,[3] University of Notre Dame,[3] University of Virginia,[3] the LBT Beteiligungsgesellschaft in Germany (Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg, Landessternwarte in Heidelberg, Leibniz Institute for Astrophysics Potsdam (AIP), Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in Munich and Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy in Bonn); The Ohio State University; and the Research Corporation for Science Advancement based in Tucson, AZ. The cost was around 100 million Euro.
The telescope design has two 8.4 m (330 inch) mirrors mounted on a common base, hence the name "binocular".[1] LBT takes advantage of active and adaptive optics, provided by Arcetri Observatory. The collecting area is two 8.4 meter aperture mirrors, which works out to about 111 m2 combined. This area is equivalent to an 11.8-meter (460 in) circular aperture, which would be greater than any other single telescope, but it is not comparable in many respects since the light is collected at a lower diffraction limit and is not combined in the same way. Also, an interferometric mode will be available, with a maximum baseline of 22.8 meters (75 ft) for aperture synthesis imaging observations and a baseline of 15 meters (49 ft) for nulling interferometry. This feature is along one axis with the LBTI instrument at wavelengths of 2.9–13 micrometres, which is the near infrared.[4]
The telescope was designed by a group of Italian firms, and assembled by Ansaldo in its Milanese plant.
Mountain controversy [ edit ]
The choice of location sparked considerable local controversy, both from the San Carlos Apache Tribe, who view the mountain as sacred, and from environmentalists who contended that the observatory would cause the demise of an endangered subspecies of the American red squirrel, the Mount Graham red squirrel. Environmentalists and members of the tribe filed some forty lawsuits—eight of which ended up before a federal appeals court—but the project ultimately prevailed after an act of the United States Congress.
The telescope and mountain observatory survived two major forest fires in thirteen years, the more recent in the summer of 2017. Likewise the squirrels continue to survive. Some experts now believe their numbers fluctuate dependent upon nut harvest without regard to the observatory.[5][6]
First light [ edit ]
LBT perched on an Arizona mountain
The telescope was dedicated in October 2004 and saw first light with a single primary mirror on October 12, 2005 which viewed NGC 891.[7][8] The second primary mirror was installed in January 2006 and became fully operational in January 2008.[1] The first light with the secondary mirror was on September 18, 2006, and for the first and second together it was on January 11 – January 12, 2008.[9]
The first binocular light images show three false-color renditions of the spiral galaxy NGC 2770. The galaxy is 88 million light years from our Milky Way, a relatively close neighbor. The galaxy has a flat disk of stars and glowing gas tipped slightly toward our line of sight.
The first image taken combined ultraviolet and green light, and emphasizes the clumpy regions of newly formed hot stars in the spiral arms. The second image combined two deep red colors to highlight the smoother distribution of older, cooler stars. The third image was a composite of ultraviolet, green and deep red light and shows the detailed structure of hot, moderate and cool stars in the galaxy. The cameras and images were produced by the Large Binocular Camera team, led by Emanuele Giallongo at the Rome Astrophysical Observatory.
In binocular aperture synthesis mode LBT has a light-collecting area of 111 m2, equivalent to a single 11.8-meter (39 ft) surface and will combine light to produce the image sharpness equivalent to a single 22.8-meter (75 ft) telescope. However, this requires a beam combiner that was tested in 2008, but has not been a part of regular operations.[10] It can take images with one side at 8.4 m aperture, or take two images of the same object using different instruments on each side of the telescope.
Adaptive optics [ edit ]
Interior looking down a one of the primary mirrors
In the summer of 2010, the "First Light Adaptive Optics" (FLAO) – an adaptive optics system with a deformable secondary mirror rather than correcting atmospheric distortion further downstream in the optics – was inaugurated.[2][11] Using one 8.4 m side, it surpassed Hubble sharpness (at certain light wavelengths), achieving a Strehl ratio of 60–80% rather than the 20–30% of older adaptive optic systems, or the 1% typically achieved without adaptive optics for telescopes of this size.[11][12] Adaptive optics at a telescope's secondary (M2) was previously tested at MMT Observatory by the Arcetri Observatory and University of Arizona team.[13]
In the media [ edit ]
The telescope has also made appearances on an episode of the Discovery Channel TV show Really Big Things, National Geographic Channel Big, Bigger, Biggest,[14] and the BBC program The Sky At Night. The BBC Radio 4 radio documentary The New Galileos covered the LBT and the JWST.[15]
Discoveries & Observations [ edit ]
LBT, with the XMM-Newton, was used to discover the galaxy cluster 2XMM J083026+524133 in 2008, over 7 billion light years away from Earth.[16] In 2007 the LBT detected a 26th magnitude afterglow from the gamma ray burst GRB 070125.[17].
In 2017, LBT observed the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft, an unmanned asteroid sample return spacecraft in space while it was en route.[18]
Instruments [ edit ]
Computer systems for LBT
Computer workstation for LBT
Some current or planned LBT telescope instruments:[1]
LBC – optical and near ultraviolet wide field prime focus cameras. One is optimized for the blue part of the optical spectrum and one for the red. (Both cameras operational)
PEPSI – A high resolution and very high resolution optical spectrograph and imaging polarimeter at the combined focus. (In development)
MODS – two optical multi object and longslit spectrographs plus imagers. Capable of running in single mirror or binocular mode. (MODS1 operational – MODS2 in integration on the mountain)
LUCI – two multi-object and longslit infrared spectrographs plus imagers, one for each side (associated with one of the 8m mirrors) of the telescope. The imager has 2 cameras and can observe at both seeing limited and diffraction limited with adaptive optics. End of commissioning and hand over to the LBTO was in 2018 [ citation needed ] .
. LINC/Nirvana – wide-field interferometric imaging with adaptive optics at the combined focus (in commissioning).
LBTI/LMIRCAM – 2.9 to 5.2 micron Fizeau imaging and medium resolution grism spectroscopy at the combined focus.
LBTI/NOMIC – N band nulling imager for the study of protoplanetary and debris disks at the combined focus. (In commissioning phase – first stabilization of the fringes in Dec 2013)
FLAO – first light adaptive optics to correct atmospheric distortion
ARGOS – multiple laser guide star unit capable of supporting ground layer or multi conjugate adaptive optics. End of commissiong and handover to LBTO was in 2018[ citation needed ]. [19]
LUCI [ edit ]
LUCI (originally LUCIFER: Large Binocular Telescope Near-infrared Spectroscopic Utility with Camera and Integral Field Unit for Extragalactic Research) is the near-infrared instrument for the LBT.[20][21] The name of the instrument was changed to LUCI in 2012. LUCI operates in the 0.9 - 2.5 µm spectral range using a 2048 x 2048 element Hawaii-2RG detector array from Teledyne and provides imaging and spectroscopic capabilities in seeing- and diffraction limited modes. In its focal plane area, long-slit and multi-slit masks can be installed for single-object and multi-object spectroscopy. A fixed collimator produces an image of the entrance aperture in which either a mirror (for imaging) or a grating can be positioned. Three camera optics with numerical apertures of 1.8, 3.75 and 30 provide image scales of 0.25, 0.12, and 0.015 arcsec/detector element for wide field, seeing-limited and diffraction-limited observations. LUCI is operated at cryogenic temperatures, and is therefore enclosed in a cryostat of 1.6 m diameter and 1.6 m height, and cooled down to about -200 C by two closed cycle coolers.[20]
LBTO collaboration [ edit ]
Comparison of nominal sizes of apertures of the Large Binocular Telescope and some notable optical telescopes
Partners in the LBT project [22]
Other MGIO facilities [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
The Surface Pro 3 is currently Microsoft's best product and it seems that it will be the focus of the company, as most likely there won't be a new Surface RT slate. And it seems that the Surface Pro 2 is no longer being sold by the company.
Albeit Microsoft hasn't announced this officially, the Surface Pro 2 has quietly disappeared from the Microsoft online store and most likely the stock is being depleted at physical retail locations, as well.
On the Surface.com website, the Pro 2 content is still appearing, but the ‘buy' link doesn't lead to anywhere, which means Microsoft has taken the product from sales. However, this is a great moment to hunt for deals, as the device will be in limited quantities, most likely. But you should be searching with Microsoft's partners instead of the company itself.
The Surface Pro 2 had a starting price of $799, but let's hope that you manage to hunt down a better price than that. As a reminder, here are the main tech specs of the device:
1.9 GHz (2.9 GHz Turbo-boost) fourth generation Intel Core i5-4300U processor
64, 128, 256, or 512 GB of internal storag; 64 and 128 GB models includes 4 GB of RAM
Windows 8.1
10.6-inch 10-point 1080p multi-touch digitizer LCD display with a Wacom stylus pen.
So, would you still be interested in getting it or you're going to leave your money on the table for the Surface Pro 3?
READ ALSO: Microsoft CEO Confirms Next-Gen Surface Pro 4 is on The Cards
The US army on patrol after the dropping of the "Mother Of All Bomns" on Islamic State group positions in Nangarhar, Afghanistan (AFP Photo/NOORULLAH SHIRZADA)
Jalalabad (Afghanistan) (AFP) - Two US troops were killed and one was wounded while fighting an Islamic State group affiliate in Afghanistan, the US military said Thursday, near where Washington this month dropped the "Mother of All Bombs".
US Forces-Afghanistan said the troops "came under attack during a raid against insurgents in Nangarhar province" late Wednesday.
The troops were working with partnered Afghan soldiers in the raid against IS Khorasan, a local offshoot of the jihadist group based in Iraq and Syria.
"The fight against ISIS-K is important for the world, but sadly, it is not without sacrifice," said US Forces-Afghanistan chief General John Nicholson, using the military's name for IS Khorasan.
In mid-April, the US military earlier dropped the largest non-nuclear bomb it has ever used in combat, hitting IS positions in Nangarhar.
The deployment of the so-called Mother Of All Bombs (MOAB) killed at least 95 jihadists, according to the Afghan defence ministry, but fighting in the area has continued.
"Last night US forces along with some Afghan forces, conducted a night time operation in a village next to Assadkhail village (site of the MOAB)," the governor of Achin district, where the fighting took place, Ismail Shinwari, told AFP.
"They used helicopters to deploy forces and the sound of heavy fighting could be heard from the site. We don't know anything about possible American casualties, but as per our information, up to 40 IS fighters were killed in the operation," he added.
On Thursday evening the Islamic State group claimed on its website to have repelled an attack conducted by American and Afghan forces and to have caused US casualties.
US Forces-Afghanistan did not immediately provide additional information ahead of notification of the dead troops' next of kin.
An American special forces soldier was killed while conducting operations against IS in Nangarhar on April 8.
America has about 8,400 troops in Afghanistan. Most are part of a NATO mission to train and advise Afghan partner forces.
But about 2,150 of these troops work in a counterterrorism role and are more likely to be engaged in actual combat.
IS, notorious for its reign of terror in Syria and Iraq, has made inroads into Afghanistan in recent years, attracting disaffected members of the Pakistani and Afghan Taliban as well as Uzbek Islamists.
But the group has steadily lost ground in the face of heavy pressure both from US air strikes and a ground offensive led by Afghan forces.
This week Afghan authorities arrested 35 soldiers who served on an army base in northern Afghanistan where the Taliban staged a deadly attack last week as fears grew they had inside help.
The brutal assault in which 135 recruits were killed is believed to be the deadliest-ever Taliban attack on a military installation.
Afghan forces, already beset by killings and desertions, have been struggling to beat back insurgents since US-led NATO troops ended their combat mission in December 2014.
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week 2014
The Steel City is ready to once again let loose a barrage of beer tastings, food pairings and more as Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week gears up for 2014. From April 24th through May 4th, a collaboration between local breweries, distributors and restaurants will bring the best of craft beer the Pittsburgh region has to offer to the masses.
This year we've got another great badge for you Yinzer's to unlock! While you're out enjoying some great local beer, be sure to check-in at at least 2 participating venues listed here during PCBW. Be sure to add your location for it to count towards your badge.
To learn more about this year's festivities, check out pittsburghcraftbeerweek.com and be sure to follow along on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram!
The recent Federal Budget announcements were a mixed bag for the life sciences. Significant cutbacks in some areas and exciting positives for medical research, particularly in the form of the proposal for a $20 billion Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF).
This is an early indication that while there will be ongoing support from the Abbott government for research, the structures and oversight will be different from anything previously experienced. While the government is still forming its views on the how the fund will operate is the time for the research community to contribute to the thinking.
In the case of the MRFF, it will operate under the watchful eye of a governance approach more akin to investment banking. After all, it has been created by the rolling over of the existing $1 billion of ‘uncommitted funds' from the Health and Hospitals Fund managed by the Future Fund Board. What will be crucial is the range of activities that can be supported under the umbrella of the proposed MMRF. The devil will be in the details yet to be announced. It would be a great outcome for investment principles if the MRFF could financially support all the components that make up a medical research outcome.
Well placed to comment on these matters and leading the debate currently is Simon McKeon, executive chairman of the Macquarie Group. His chairing of the 2012-2013 Review of Health and Medical Research in Australia, his chairmanship of CSIRO and his comments to the National Press Club in Canberra in June of this year has provided insights and guidance for the government to consider.
McKeon's focus at the Press Club was on “health economics”, “integrated health research clusters”, “investment returns”, “KPIs relating to research outcomes”, “facilitating trials by streamlining the number and scope of ethics committees nationally”, and advocating a “massive increase in the number of practitioner fellowships”. All sound, but what is critical at this juncture is that the enabling legislation and funding guidelines established for the MRFF provide for the range of activities along the innovation system - support infrastructure, scaled research funding, clinical trials, early-stage finance, facilities for technically advanced manufacturing and so on.
It will be to our shame to simply ‘pump-prime' the research community and not achieve the purpose of the public investment - firstly, the growth of a whole industry sector - the ‘medical bioeconomy', and secondly, improved health outcomes for Australians.
When we work with scale, a sense of national purpose and the eye of an investment banker, science can achieve our national potential - that has been a central part of Australia's economic success over the past century. To keep that success going means reforming the innovation system so it all works. Centralisation, collaboration and integration around the latest technology and changes to our regulatory frameworks are key.
The establishment and workings of the MRFF will be an important debate to get right and one we need to be active in supporting because it will have significant knock-on consequences for the conduct of all scientific research in Australia.
Dr Steve Winslade, CEO, Australian Phenomics Facility
The Australian National University, Canberra
ARMED men have killed eight people in a raid on a São Paulo soccer fan club that has close links to a notorious, now-closed prison, Brazilian police said.
Police said witnesses told them that about midnight on Saturday three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass. They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died.
Detective Arlindo Jose Negrao ruled out a fight between rival fan groups. He would not reveal the motive behind the attack, however, saying that could interfere with the probe.
“Through witnesses, we are already exploring a line of investigation, which is not leading us to believe it was caused by fan rivalry,” Negrao said at a press conference. “We even have possible suspects.”
The victims were having a barbecue at the club at the time and making flags with the soccer team's colours for Sunday's anticipated match between Corinthians and Palmeiras. The fan group did not answer several phone calls.
Pavilhao 9 was founded by a group of Corinthians' fans who played soccer with inmates at Brazil's Carandiru prison, known widely for a massacre that left 111 inmates dead that was turned into a movie. The prison is now closed.
The Corinthians team did not respond to a request for information but posted the word “Mourning” against a black backdrop on its official Facebook page. Former president of the team and current federal congressman, Andres Sanchez, said on the social network he was “deeply saddened to learn of what had happened at Pavilhao 9, with which I had a strong bond since I was a kid.”
Much of the soccer violence that breaks out in or near Brazilian stadiums is traced to fan clubs. Police often investigate fan groups for ties with drug traffickers.
“It is widely known that criminal organisations are inside of all fan clubs. Organised crime uses these fan groups as a front for their misdeeds,” Juca Kfouri, one of Brazil's best-known sports commentators, told radio station CBN.
Last year, dozens of members of another Corinthians' fan club, Gavioes da Fiel, invaded the team's training centre. Angered by the team's performance, they attacked employees and grabbed Peruvian striker Paolo Guerrero by his neck, forcing other players to flee into a locker room and barricade themselves until police arrived.
THREE brotherhoods are struggling for control of Apatzingán, a dusty town in the south-western Mexican state of Michoacán. One is deadly: the Knights Templar drug gang. One espouses vigilantism: the armed “self-defence” militias who on February 8th helped drive the Templars out of their stronghold. The third is the most powerful: a young and preppy group of federal-government employees sent in by President Enrique Peña Nieto to retake control of Michoacán after tension between Knights Templars and vigilantes threatened to spin out of control.
Many of this third group served under Mr Peña when he was governor of the state of Mexico in 2005-11. They have known each other for years and banter like friends at a tennis club. Their insertion into Michoacán reflects a wider trend in Mexican politics: the resurrection of an old but effective style of presidential rule.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
After 12 years of an increasingly chaotic decentralisation of power while Mr Peña's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) was in opposition, the president is now seeking to restore the balance. In Michoacán he has imposed his authority in a way not seen since then President Carlos Salinas de Gortari sought to neutralise the indigenous Zapatista uprising in the southern state of Chiapas in 1994.
He has appointed a commissioner, 38-year-old Alfredo Castillo, who talks airily of the sovereignty of Michoacán and the autonomy of its PRI governor, but in practice calls the shots. The state's attorney-general and head of public security have been replaced by subalterns of Mr Castillo from when he worked under Mr Peña in the state of Mexico. Most of the six deputy attorneys-general and some of the 200 federal law-enforcement officials drafted into police functions are Mr Castillo's (and hence the president's) men and women.
On February 4th Mr Peña took a leaf from Mr Salinas's book by announcing a 45 billion pesos ($3.4 billion) investment splurge in Michoacán. (It emerged only later, sotto voce, that almost half of this was already in the 2014 federal budget.) At the same time he created what may become a parallel government in the state, ordering all ministers to appoint a high-level representative to Michoacán.
Mr Peña once wrote a university thesis on the historical power of the Mexican presidency, or presidencialismo. He has neither the clout nor the notoriety of some of his PRI predecessors during the period of the party's stranglehold. “He's attempting to go back to a strong presidential regime under more democratic circumstances. Most Mexicans approve,” says Jorge Castañeda, a former foreign minister.
The federal intervention in Michoacán has so far been positive. But the inclination to assert control and throw money at a problem whenever protests flare is an old PRI habit that can be counterproductive. The implicit lesson for other states, Mr Castañeda says, is “Let's get us some guns and dress up like vigilantes and we too can get some more money.” Another potential problem is what Ernesto López Portillo, a security specialist, calls “the paradox of intervention”. It could allow state governments to slacken their own efforts to create effective law-enforcement institutions.
Mr Castillo insists that his relations with the government of Michoacán involve “co-ordination…not subordination”. But Mr Peña's attempts to impose discipline on regional governments go beyond Michoacán. Since he took office in 2012, states have been bypassed in the payment of teachers, had ceilings put on their debt capacity, and been urged to align their security plans with the interior ministry.
For most of the governors, who are from the PRI, this is a return to business as usual. Under the presidential system in the 20th century, they were accustomed to taking orders from the top. What is different now, says Sergio Aguayo of El Colegio de México, a university, is that as the state governments' budgets and autonomy increased during Mexico's democratic transition, so did the power of organised crime to undermine all authority.
In Michoacán this has forced Mr Peña's men to make some unusual compromises. Federal troops and police retook Apatzingán with the help of militiamen, some of whom carried illegal assault weapons. As Mr Castillo discovered when he was filmed in talks with a vigilante once suspected of drug links, some may have shadowy backgrounds. He hopes that as they are gradually drafted into a new rural police force, the bad ones will be weeded out. For the time being, the violence-weary citizens of Michoacán appear prepared to give the new gang, and Mr Peña's style of presidencialismo, the benefit of the doubt.
Police brutality is not a new phenomenon, as evidenced by the case of a Galveston girl who was beaten by police after being mistaken for a prostitute.
According to The Free Thought Project, on the night of August 22, 2006, 12 year old Dymond Milburn was sent outside to pull the switch after a breaker broke, causing the home to lose electricity.
While Dymond was walking, a van drove up and someone yelled, “You're a prostitute! You're coming with me!” Given that the young girl didn't know who was trying to throw her in the van, she resisted and screamed for her daddy.
By the time Dymond's father realized what was happening, the young girl was being beaten by officers:
Officer David Roark had his hand over the mouth of Milburn when her father came out on the balcony after hearing his daughter's cries for help. The other officers, Justin Popovich and Sean Stewart, beat Dymond's face, head and throat while their supervisor, Sgt. Gilbert Gomez, watched on in approval.
Dymond's parents ran to the cops and yelled, “That's our daughter. She's twelve.” then Roark answered “I don't care if she's twenty-two, thirty-two, or forty-six.” Police then kidnapped the girl and dropped her off at the hospital, where she was treated for numerous injuries, including to her face and ear drum. As if that weren't enough, police showed up at the girl's school and arrested her again, charging her with resisting and assaulting a peace officer. Unfortunately, the charges weren't dropped. Since prosecutors were only looking at the win column, the 12 year old girl was prosecuted. The family filed a civil suit against Galveston police, but has not reached a settlement, reports The Free Thought Project. The officers in the case requested immunity and were never fired. After the kidnapping outside her own home, Dymond, now 20, suffered from PTSD and nightmares.
Categorised in: Black Crime & Incarceration, Black News, featured, ybw
Oil markets awoke this morning to some bullish news. OPEC says its members have cut a deal to slash global oil supplies by at least 1.2 million barrels per day (mbd), and possibly much more if Russia follows through on its promise to cut. This will go a long way toward helping to shore up oil prices for at least the next several months and will also initiate a sizeable drawdown in global crude inventories, which have swelled by as much as a billion barrels amid the glutted post-2014 oil market.
But wait, you say. The long-term trends are still bearish. There is far more oil available, and at a much lower price, than almost anyone expected as recently as three years ago. There are even rumblings that investment cuts in more complex projects might not lead to the tighter oil markets once expected by decade's end. And worse, global gasoline demand has peaked and oil markets should brace for a new cycle of slow growth, forcing all those new barrels to squeeze their way into a smaller market than once expected. The consequences are easy enough to infer. Low prices and weak profits for oil companies. A moment of reckoning for petro-states. And possibly a much-needed break for the climate.
Well, maybe. Without question, big changes are underway that likely signal a challenging outlook for the industry, especially for the oil majors—something I have written about before. But the latest rumors of oil's demise may be greatly exaggerated. It's true that recent projections from the International Energy Agency (IEA) show a pretty substantial slowdown in the rate of global oil demand growth in the coming decades, especially when compared to the past 30 years. But those projections rest on a few big assumptions that upon closer examination should give a little hope to the oil bulls.
First, IEA's primary forecasts assume countries follow through not just on current policies, but also on announced and committed polices like those made as part of the Paris Climate Agreement. This may well be a reasonable assumption, but it warrants mentioning, especially in light of the recent U.S. elections in which the incoming president vowed to withdraw from the agreement. In the event that countries fall back strictly on existing policies, global oil demand in 2040 would top 120 mbd instead of the 107 mbd in IEA's primary scenario.
Assuming countries follow through on committed and announced policies, IEA is expecting a sharp drop in oil demand across developed countries, especially in the United States, where demand falls from 18 mbd in 2015 to just 13.1 mbd in 2040. The last time American oil consumption was that low was 1968. Interestingly, the shift IEA envisions is not largely driven by new technology. The agency predicts electric vehicles will make up just 8% of the vehicles on U.S. roads in 2040. Rather, it seems largely driven by other factors like reduced travel demand and large efficiency gains.
Is this likely? U.S. government forecasters don't seem to think so. In its latest long-term projections, the Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) sees U.S. oil demand holding steady through 2040 as modest declines in transport growth are offset by strong industrial demand growth. Even in the case where new policies like the Phase Two Standards for heavy-duty trucks are fully enacted and existing policies like passenger vehicle standards are extended past expiration—outcomes that are now much less likely with a new Republican Congress and White House—EIA sees U.S. demand at a healthy 17.5 mbd in 2040.
That trend-line looks much more consistent with what we have seen over the past few years, as low oil prices have triggered record U.S gasoline demand amid surging vehicle travel and stalled efficiency gains. If U.S. oil demand looks more like EIA's projections instead of IEA's, that alone would push future global demand growth trends significantly higher.
Yet, the assumptions underpinning IEA's outlook that are perhaps most surprising and subject to uncertainty come outside the developed world—most notably in China, where the agency sees oil demand growth effectively petering out after 2020 if China is to meet its announced policy commitments. In fact, after record-breaking growth there upended oil markets from 2000 to 2015, IEA now sees Chinese oil demand plateauing at 15 mbd and failing to ever come close to current U.S. levels despite China's substantially larger population.
This feels like a stretch. Consider first that despite rapid growth in auto sales over the past several years, the number of passenger vehicles per 1,000 people in China stand today at just 90—about the level it was in the U.S. in 1920. By 2040, IEA sees Chinese vehicle ownership reaching U.S. 1950s levels. True, for China to reach current American motorization levels, the country would have to squeeze about a billion cars and trucks on the road compared to about 250 million in the United States, an unimaginable outcome if you have ever experienced Beijing traffic. But it's also true that there is no reason to believe Chinese consumers will settle into a dramatically different growth pattern than American consumers. As they get richer, their lifestyles tend to converge toward ours.
Anyone who doubts this should take a look at China's rapidly expanding market for light-trucks. Just a few years ago, these vehicles were nowhere to be found in China. But today, American-style SUVs and even pick-up trucks account for nearly 40% of the Chinese vehicle market, with sales on pace to top 9 million units this year—only slightly behind the projected record-breaking total of 10 million in the U.S. That shift has already had an impact on fuel markets, with 2015 seeing the fastest growth in Chinese gasoline demand in history and 2016 not far behind.
A flattening out of demand growth doesn't seem to square with that. It's possible that competition will dramatically change the trajectory of oil demand in China. IEA figures there will be about 60 million electric vehicles on the road there in 2040, equal to 11% of the fleet. In total, alternative fuels will meet almost one-fifth of China's transport fuel needs in 2040, up from just 9% today, according to IEA. That's impressive, but it's also debatable. Can the Chinese EV industry mature fast enough to meet expectations? Where will all those electric vehicles charge in dense Chinese cities where high-rise living is the norm and few vehicle owners have access to dedicated parking for EV charging? And how many Chinese consumers will open their wallets for vehicles that IEA itself says carry at best a 10-year payback?
It's not hard to put together a picture that spells real trouble for the oil industry in the coming decades. There are incremental shifts around the edges of key markets, competing technologies are getting cheaper, and countries have made some ambitious policy commitments that they can't reach without far fewer barrels. And yet, it may be too soon to write oil's obituary. The past two years have reminded many observers that black gold is tough to beat, no matter what commitments countries make, and that countries like China still have a lot of room to grow. Maybe more than anything, today's OPEC decision reflects the cartel's belief that oil has plenty of good days yet to come.
Follow me at @samori8 and share your thoughts.
Save
The Liberal government has introduced a bill that would significantly increase the fees that Canadians pay for a variety of federal services, such as campsites, fishing licences and passports.
In an omnibus budget bill brought forward Tuesday, the government proposes a new Service Fees Act that would automatically hike hundreds of fees by the level of inflation each year.
The move would also make it much easier for departments to apply for fee increases to better match the cost of providing services to individual Canadians and businesses. The proposed law is slated to come into effect April 1 next year.
The federal government collected about $2 billion in various fees in 2014-15, the latest year for which figures are available, but estimates it cost $3.4 billion to provide those services — resulting in a massive shortfall of $1.4 billion.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau's last budget only hinted at the significant changes in user fees being contemplated. Over the four years, starting April 1, 2018, the government expects to collect $364 million in additional fees. (Justin Tang/Canadian Press)
The measure was briefly mentioned in last month's budget document, which estimated aggregate fee revenues would increase by $36 million in 2018-2019, and by $147 million in extra revenues by 2021-2022.
The measure does not target specific fees. Rather, it replaces 13-year-old legislation that effectively froze fees by making it too onerous for departments to apply for increases as costs rose.
Federal officials estimate only about 20 per cent of all federal fees are captured by the User Fees Act of 2004. But the new legislation would capture almost all fees, and would require government to report in detail to Parliament each year on the amounts collected versus the cost of providing services.
Opposition critics have called the measure a tax grab, which can especially hurt low-income Canadians.
But a spokesman for Treasury Board President Scott Brison, who is shepherding the new user-fee regime, says the bill would relieve taxpayers of the unfair burden of paying for services enjoyed by individuals and corporations, while it also increases transparency.
Exempts some fees
"The government is always looking for ways to minimize costs for taxpayers and making the fee system transparent," said Bruce Cheadle.
"We want to give everyone equal access to high-quality government services and we're going to ensure middle-class Canadians aren't disproportionately footing the bill for this."
The new bill exempts some fees from the new regime, including fees under the Food and Drugs Act and some fees considered too small to be material.
The government also suggests that some costs, such as those related to food safety, will not always be fully charged back to users because there is a public good also attached to some government services.
Federal fees are charged for a wide variety of services, from passports to campsites. (Ministry of Environment)
CBC News first reported on the government's plans in February, citing an internal briefing note for Brison that argued fees have been largely frozen since 2004 as departments shied away from the complex regulatory process of arguing for increases.
The briefing note from August 2016 said 84 per cent of existing user fees have not changed in 13 years, and cover a diminishing fraction of the actual cost of delivering the services.
Despite the fresh measures to increase fees, Brison last year eliminated all retrieval, processing and reproduction fees under the Access to Information Act. And this year, Parks Canada is waiving entry fees for its national parks and historic site to celebrate Canada's 150th anniversary.
An “All-Hands” style meeting was held in the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) on Monday, overviewing the spaceport's current and future initiatives. During the meeting, NASA leaders admitted continuing funding issues meant the Space Launch System (SLS) is still trying to work a manifest plan, with further uncertainty portrayed as to when a crewed mission will debut on the monster rocket.
KSC Meeting:
The overview – presented by NASA Associate Administrator Robert Lightfoot and KSC Director Bob Cabana – was aimed at presenting employees with an update about the agency's and center's current and future initiatives.
Although the meeting wasn't webcast, several employees that attended reported back that it included a number of hard truths.
One such example was an agency overview that spoke of NASA currently employing 14,500 civil servants and directly employed contractors. However, Software and IT makes about up 3,200 of those employees, more than 20 percent of NASA's workforce, with Aerosciences next in line at about 15 percent.
Less than 50 percent of NASA's personnel are directly or indirectly involved with space flight, its primary field in the eye of the general public.
“It's time for NASA to make decisions, not just collect more data,” was the call during the meeting.
The NASA workforce is also aging. Since 2006, the average age of NASA's civil servant employees has gone up from 42 years old to 49 years old, the attendees were told.
To counter this trend, Mr. Lightfoot – the former leader of the Marshall Space Flight Center before his promotion to NASA Associate Administrator – has mandated at least half of the new NASA civil servant hires be at a pay grade of “GS-11 or below”, targeting new hires right out of college.
NASA's funding was also claimed to be a continuing issue, with those in attendance told that NASA's budget – in terms of “real money purchasing power” – is now at the lowest level since 1961. This is despite Congress upping the NASA Budget for FY2016 by over one billion dollars because “added content” to NASA's 2016 “to-do list” is estimated to be in the region of around three billion dollars.
A large segment of the funding is going towards the development of the Space Launch System, a rocket that will be mated inside the VAB where the meeting took place.
While the rocket's development is proceeding far smoother than the previous flagship rocket – Ares I – SLS is still without a confirmed manifest past its initial test mission in 2018, known as Exploration Mission -1 (EM-1).
Numerous planning manifests have been created, although the public has only the been provided with the vague soundbite of “visiting an asteroid by the mid 2020s and Mars by the mid 2030s” – which continues to portray a future that lacks definition.
Internally, a huge amount of work is continuing to take place on providing SLS with Design Reference Missions (DRMs). However, those are only for planning purposes and the outlook continues to change, resulting in uncertainty.
Numerous factors are to blame, with funding once again mentioned as an issue during the KSC meeting – citing SLS is “lacking booked missions at this time due to tight funding.”
Another consideration is the move to the more powerful – and far more useful – Upper Stage for SLS.
SLS will debut as the Block 1 “basic model”, sporting a Delta Cryogenic Second Stage (DCSS), renamed the Interim Cryogenic Propulsion System (ICPS) for SLS.
Its goal is to loft an uncrewed Orion around the Moon, a test flight that will be used to validate the rocket and spacecraft systems for what was supposed to be a repeat mission, this time with a crew, known as EM-2 in 2021.
The plan was to use that DCSS stage for EM-2, prior to moving to the EUS (Exploration Upper Stage) – also to be built by Boeing – that will become the workhorse for SLS.
More recently, NASA made no secret of its wish to move to the EUS as soon as possible. During the KSC meeting, managers noted that move is now targeting the second flight of SLS.
That results in another problem, where that second flight won't be able to launch a crew, as the new EUS would require a validation flight before crew are allowed to fly with it due to safety considerations.
Although officials have deflected questions relating to the requirement of flying the new stage on an uncrewed mission first, this issue surrounding the switch of Upper Stages has already been pointed out several times by NASA's Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel (ASAP).
The KSC meeting appeared to confirm this requirement, claiming the second flight would now be a cargo mission, before claiming they hope it will involve launching the spacecraft planned to investigate Europa. However, that mission is still in the very early stages of evaluation, with SLS yet to be confirmed as the launch vehicle of choice.
While the plan to move to the EUS by the second flight will benefit SLS in the long run, it would result in the first crewed mission moving to at least the third flight of SLS.
That mission would likely become the repeat of EM-1, with a crew, prior to the fourth flight becoming the mission to send a crew to investigate a captured asteroid.
That mission is part of the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM) that involves two missions, opening with a robotic mission heading out and capturing an asteroid boulder, sending it into a Lunar orbit, ahead of the crewed mission arriving for a hands-on investigation.
Such a slip would go some way to confirm the fears such a mission won't occur prior to 2024.
While that still works within the political language of conducting such a mission “by the mid-2020s”, an awkward political situation – with a new administration in charge next year – is the fear of workers reporting back from the KSC meeting.
New political masters will be confronted with a multi-billion dollar rocket that won't be launching NASA astronauts until around 2022/23, unless the plan changes once again, with at least another six years until it becomes its fully evolved Block 2 configuration required for missions to Mars – with human landings on the Red Planet now expected to be aiming for 2039.
Also notable – though understandably not referenced at the KSC meeting – is SpaceX's plan to have its BFR – a reusable booster with the power of two Saturn Vs – already up and running by the 2020s, ahead of MCT (Mars Colonial Transporter) missions.
SpaceX has consistently refused to compare its rocket plans to SLS, not least because NASA is a customer and partner to the company, as opposed to a competitor.
NASA's leadership has already stated SLS “requires a repetitive launch cadence”, launching at least once per year, as a “necessary” requirement.
It is likely – based on the comments from the KSC meeting – NASA will require a large influx of money to fund payloads that will allow SLS to achieve such a goal, a requirement that could prove to be unsavory at best for a new administration.
(Images: NASA and L2 – including renders from L2 artist Nathan Koga – The full gallery of Nathan's (SpaceX Dragon to MCT, SLS, Commercial Crew and more) L2 images can be *found here*)
(To join L2, click here: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/)
Farmer's markets are truly one of the great joys of springtime. Somethings, like strawberries, we buy weekly without fail until their season is over. Other things have a much shorter season or are less common, so they come and go quickly. These are what I am on the lookout for in my farmer's market trips.
Last spring, one of my interesting finds were these lovely edible lilac chive flowers, which I sprinkled onto tartines with a hummus of spring peas.
This spring season's new and interesting find was “pea shoots.” Pea shoots are the stems and leaves from the pea plant. They are rich in vitamin A, c and folic acid.
I combined them with fresh herbs and crispy carrots and radishes for this tasty salad.
Print Crisp Spring Salad Prep Time: 15 minutes Ingredients 1 cup shredded carrots 1 cup diced radishes a small bunch of fresh pea shoots (or substitute with your favorite greens) 1/2 inch of finely shredded ginger a bunch of finely diced mint and cilantro juice of 1 lemon salt & pepper to taste Method Combine all ingredients and seasonings. Serve at room temperature or cold. 3.1 http://globalveg.com/2015/05/25/peashootsalad/ Copyright: Global Veg
Do you feel special when you're pregnant? Well, step aside, Lady, because a baby is here and people love babies.
The dilemma that comes with having this little rock star in your home now is that billions of people will want to come visit it. Some will be helpful some will not.
MY LATEST VIDEOS
So here are a few handy tips I've picked up along the way so you're able to show your magnificent little miracle off to the world like Simba in the Lion King.
1. Don't let anyone stay with you that you can't cry in front of or you can't tell to “shut up”.
There may be a few people that offer to stay with you when the baby comes. This can be a Godsend or a shitshow. Really think about that person and how much you want them to see behind the curtain. You may be too tired to delicately say, “I know she's not latching properly but I'm just trying to get the hang of it” and instead say, “See off? You need to fuck right to it!”.
Decide carefully about who you want to be around 24/7 when your inner filter isn't working at full capacity.
2. Spread out the visitors
People love to see the baby immediately, that, or they feel obliged to see the baby immediately. Either way, try to spread them out as much as you can so you can get settled and enjoy everyone's company long after the fanfare typically dies down. Try not to book too far in advance either, you seriously may feel great the day after you give birth and feel like a back alley crack whore by week two.
3. Go to people that you think will overstay their welcome – don't have them come to you
Sometimes this really isn't their fault. I was one of these people before I had kids because I had no idea how tiring a newborn can be and would sit there gabbing on about some new bar I'd been to while staring into the vacant doll-like eyes of my best friend holding her newborn. I'm sure she wanted to tell me to shut my cake hole and get the hell out of her house, but just didn't have the energy.
These are the people you should meet for a coffee or go to their place.
First of all, newborns are very portable because they eat, sleep and poop and that's about it, so take advantage of this window when you can cart them anywhere and they don't care. Secondly, it's all on your terms when to pull the chute and you won't have to drop the little hints that go unnoticed. By the way, some of these single people, elderly uncles, etc. are fantastic to be around because they are often just as self-absorbed as a newborn and it's sometimes strangely refreshing to talk about something other than babies.
4. Put them to work
Some people are just itching to help when you have a baby and you know what, let them. These people are like damn border collies and if you don't give them a task, they get destructive and are liable to chew the leg off a chair or worse, start throwing stuff out. Let them do dishes, tidy up, clean the bathroom, take out the garbage, take your other kids to the park, whatever. Don't want them seeing your gross underwear? Throw it in your closet and let them deal with the rest of the pile.
Just leave *your* to-do list out and if they ask if they can help, just point them to it and tell them to help themselves if they feel like it. Not everyone is comfortable around babies but really want to help, so give them the satisfaction of doing something for you and just enjoy it and thank them profusely so they don't start installing a sprinkler system.
5. Tag team
Remember the first point? That kind of applies to visitors as well. If they aren't the kind of person you can lose it in front of, then have a buffer person with you to entertain or deflect if you need to pull a batsmoke. Just have these people over when your partner or close relative or friend is around in case you need to excuse yourself for an hour to cry on the bed for no particular reason (I did this…twice).
6. Partner plays the bad cop
If you think you're second string to the baby, just imagine how your husband feels. As I mentioned in the New Dad Survival Guide, this is his chance to shine because I can gua-ran-tee you that there will be some tricky situations when visitors come; like the cousin who announces he's just getting over the flu in passing conversation while holding your 3-day old infant. Or the great Aunt that insists that the baby needs to be brought out in a snowstorm to meet her bridge club. Or the nephew that drops by and could “really go for a sandwich”.
Dad (or partner, or sidekick), it is your job to step up and say, “Oh, hell no.” You know why? Because everybody thinks a protective father is cute and everybody thinks a protective mother is nuts, so do everybody a ffavorand unhinge.
This is also a perfect opportunity for an Al Pacino impression.
7. Have them bring food
As my friend's Jamaican grandmother used to say, “Don't come wid you two long han”. Which loosely translated to don't show up empty-handed.
Not only should you stagger these people, but try and get them to bring you food. I featured a brilliant website called Meal Baby where people can pick a date where they bring you a meal. Not only do you get a dinner that you don't have to cook, but you get to decide what dates are available so you can control the flow of people. Have them pop it over or sit down and share it with them, either way, they get a baby fix and you get some lasagna. I say win-win.
8. Treat it like an Out-of-Office Reply*
Sometimes people think it's nice to pop in to see how a new mother is doing if they haven't had an immediate response to a message they left an hour ago. This actually isn't too bad for the people you can tell to “shut up” because you can tell them if it isn't a good time and their feelings won't get hurt. For the rest of the population, it is not cool to arrive unannounced at a new parent's front door because there is no telling what kind of Stephen King nightmare is going on that day.
To avoid these awkward moments, I like to treat it like a vacation notification. Change your voicemail and your email to let people know you're kind of off the grid. It may seem like a no-brainer to you but some people feel the need to constantly “check in”. Just have an auto-reply that says, “Thanks for your email (call). We're just getting the hang of parenthood so forgive us if it takes a little longer than usual to get back to you. Don't worry, we're just fine and loving every minute of it.”
I know this may be a little over the top and may feel like the equivalent of adding the dog's name to Christmas cards (I love that actually) but it's an easy way of letting them know they've been heard.
* Obviously, if you're alone and live in the woods in wolverine country, disregard this advice and be grateful someone is checking to make sure the cat isn't eating your corpse.
9. Pre-Prep
Do you think Auntie Barb is going to be a problem? Get your responses thought out NOW or start laying the groundwork NOW. If you think she's going to show up on your doorstep the day you give birth then start telling her the story of a co-worker's mother-in-law that showed up the day she gave birth and how awful it was and how you're so lucky that your family just *gets* that you need a couple of days to settle in. Get an email ready saying, “Auntie Barb, we can't wait for you to see the new baby! I'm just getting the hang of it so can I give you a call when I come up for air so you can come over and meet her?” then hit *send* when she fires off the first email.
10. Go with the flow
Does Auntie Barb still show up? Does your Mother-in-Law that you've never met fly in from Ukraine and set herself up on your couch? Does your sister drop in every day to tell you about the disgusting brunch she had or everything about her wicked pilates instructor?
Roll with it and save your energy – like a solar street light on a dimming switch. Ask Auntie Barb to hold the baby while you go have a shower. Say “Diakuju” when your mother-in-law makes dinner then go lie down with the baby. Tell your sister she needs a fucking punch in the throat then apologize and blame it on your hormones while savoring the good vent.
The best thing you can do with visitors, a new baby, and I suppose life in general, is to just roll with it.
Even though you are now regarded as the remaining husk that brought this precious, perfect gift into the world (you will be asked how you feel as a courtesy but no one gives much of a shit how you are now, so try not to ramble) it's still your show, honey. So remember, choose your visitors wisely and enjoy the little star that everyone wants to see shine.
Our next recos:
What I've Learned So Far (10 Week Edition)
Happily After Giving Birth – 10 Things They Don't Tell You
What You Need To Know About Newborns
Google is working on Android-based set-top box software with Intel and Sony, the New York Times reports. It's the latest in Google's ongoing efforts to enter the TV industry.
Here's what we learn from Nick Bilton's article for the Times:
This seems like a decent opportunity for Google, though it's not like Google is first-to-market here. Yahoo already has a similar platform called Yahoo TV Widgets, which has had some* success since launching last year. (Sony is one of the manufacturers that use it, in addition to Samsung, LG, and Vizio.)
But generally, like in the mobile phone business, TV makers should always be thinking about better software. Perhaps Google's will be a step above Yahoo's. And if Google can skip ahead of cable and satellite providers to place ads in front of your eyeballs, all the better.
Biggest hurdle: These TVs will probably be significantly more expensive to make than the cheap TVs people want to buy, which could limit adoption.
We've heard from industry sources that TV makers will "kill" to shave a few dollars off the cost of TVs. We can't imagine these Intel chips or Sony TVs being cheaper than the competition. Plus any other components these TVs need. Best case for Google is that maybe the software will be good enough that people will want to spend more for it -- especially if it can eventually help you cut your cable TV subscription -- and that it can pick up adoption that way.
But it's far-fetched to assume that this will be built into EVERY television set sold in the near future.
What about Apple, Google's new big rival?
At an investor conference last month, Apple COO Tim Cook said the company has "no interest in being in the TV market." Given Apple's tendency to say one thing and then do the exact opposite, this suggests Apple will either continue to stay out of the TV market, or will come out with a TV in a year and proclaim that it's the greatest TV of all time.
* Update: Yahoo reaches out to inform us that its Widget platform is doing better than the "limited success" we first wrote. Specifically, it'll be on 5 million TVs in 16 countries by Q2. And 35 apps are available for the platform, with 80 expected by the summer. These aren't huge numbers, but they're not bad. It's very early in this game.
Don't miss: Apple's War With Google Heats Up →
By Sarp Ozer
ANKARA
Daesh has been ousted from five villages in northern Syria as part of Turkey's Operation Euphrates Shield, the Turkish military said in a statement Wednesday.
According to Turkish Armed Forces, the terrorist group lost the villages of Mazraat al-Uyun, Beyt Misto, Tel Malid, Jisr al-Samukah and Seyyid Ali in northwestern Syria's Aleppo province Tuesday.
Also, six Daesh terrorists were killed in five airstrikes carried out by the U.S.-led coalition forces; three opposition fighters were also killed and six others injured in the offensives in the area, the statement said.
Turkey's military said 22 explosives were also destroyed. The total number of improvised explosive devices destroyed so far was now 1,208, while 31 land mines were also rendered useless since the onset of the operation.
Turkey-backed opposition forces have cleared over 1,260 square kilometers (486 square miles) of Daesh terrorists in northern Syria, including 155 residential areas from the terrorists as part of the Operation Euphrates Shield.
The Operation Euphrates Shield, which began on Aug. 24 backed by the Turkish Armed Forces, is aimed at bolstering border security, supporting coalition forces, and eliminating the threat posed by terrorist organizations, especially Daesh.
Advertisement
Armed police, the military, SAS and spies have staged a mock 'marauding terrorist attack' on the streets of London today to test how emergency services deal with a deadly atrocity in the wake of the ISIS killings in Tunisia.
In the biggest exercise of its kind ever staged, Operation Strong Tower is a 'noisy and visible' practice run for more than 1,000 Met police, armed forces, transport workers and Whitehall officials.
In extraordinary scenes, volunteers posing as members of the public were pictured with bloody wounds and fake severed limbs being lifted on stretchers by the emergency services.
Deputy Assistant Commissioner Maxine de Brunner said the Met has never before put on an exercise of this magnitude and it was designed to be 'very realistic'.
The dramatic public display of how the UK's security services would respond to an extremist's deadly assault came as efforts continue to identify British holidaymakers killed by an ISIS gunman on Friday.
Scroll down for video
Police and emergency services staged an exercise today to practice for a Tunisia-style terrorist attack in the centre of London
Actors playing victims of an imagined terror attack at a tube station were seen sporting gruesome fake injuries during the exercise
Armed police were also seen piling into a disused London Underground station earlier this morning as part of the exercise
Details of the plan were made public in advance to prevent panic, as police chiefs said it would include 'live play' of a terrorist attack at a tube station, days before London marks 10 years since the 7/7 bombings which killed 52 people.
David Cameron said the operation would 'test and refine the UK's preparedness for dealing with a serious terrorist attack'.
The two-day training exercise began in central London on Tuesday morning to see how a large number of agencies work together in the face of a chaotic and dangerous situation.
Ms de Brunner, the exercise director, said: 'The exercise is designed to test command control and coordination of a multi-site marauding terrorist attack.'
This morning it included 'a test of the emergency service response to a terrorist attack, at the disused tube station at Aldwych'.
Surrey Street, which runs from the Strand to the Thames, was closed in the exercise which has been 'highly visible and audible to the public'.
The exercise started with a group of fake terrorists running down the street shooting pedestrians with dummy AK-47 rifles
TV footage of the incident showed ambulance paramedic treating mock victims marked with signs during the staged 'attack'
Many of those taking part had blood-soaked clothes and injuries so that police and ambulance services could practice triage
An armed policeman pretends to be injured or killed and is dragged away from the scene of the staged terror attack today
The first officers to arrive on the scene of the fake terror attack were 'put through their paces by mounting an operation to contain the area, evacuate the public, rescue and treat the wounded, manage a crime scene and importantly catch the people responsible', the Deputy Assistant Commissioner said.
The exercise is designed to test command control and coordination of a multi-site marauding terrorist attack Scotland Yard's Maxine de Brunner
Many of those taking part had blood-soaked clothes and injuries so that police and ambulance services could practice triage.
Others appeared to be playing hostages as they emerged appeared from a building near the old Aldwych tube station with their hands on their heads.
Police stressed that the ambitious exercise had been planned since January, but it will take on extra significance after the deadly shootings in Tunisia.
Met Police Commissioner, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, said: 'The threat level for terrorism has been raised over the last year and it is vital that we train and we learn.
'Today's exercise will test our people in how to respond to a terrorist threat and we will learn from the mistakes that we are bound to make today.
'It's best we make them today in an environment were we don't have terrorists, than make those mistakes when we do.'
The rate of terror-related arrests has increased in the last year, he said to the point where one person is caught every day.
The exercise to help police, ambulance services and officials anticipate how they would deal with a real terror attack in the capital
Police had to deal with people displaying a range of injuries during the training exercise, which comes after the Tunisia shooting
The exercise showed the large number of anti-terror police the Met now has at is disposal, with a new unit said to include 130 officers
'It is clear during that time that we've disrupted some very serious plots and some of those cases are going to the courts.
The reason we have exercises like today is because, obviously, we are concerned there are people planning terrorist events Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe
'We are testing here today in London, our capital city; I think people would expect us to do that.
'We've got lots of good leaders and lots of well trained people who are able to respond to the terrorist threat. The reason that we have these exercises is to make sure we are well trained.'
Sir Bernard added: 'The reason we have exercises like today is because, obviously, we are concerned there are people planning terrorist events. We intend first of all to stop them from getting to attack. But should we not stop the terrorists in their planning, it's essential we disrupt them in any of the attacks that may take place.'
The exercise included 1,000 Met police officers and staff, as well as teams from ambulance and fire services, Transport for London, the Home Office, Cabinet Office, Foreign Office, Department for Transport, Ministry of Defence, Department of Health, NHS England and the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Miss de Brunner said: 'This exercise is focused in the extreme end of what may happen, and I'd like to stress it is not being carried out in response to any specific intelligence
'And I'd like to reiterate to you all that this has been months in the planning - since January.'
She added: 'We do not want the public to be concerned because there will be elements of what we are doing that are noisy and visible.'
Other teams of rescue workers appeared outside Aldwych station in red uniforms which include heavy body armour
Volunteers playing hostages appeared from a building near the old Aldwych tube station with their hands on their heads
Police were seen evacuating scores of people from the disused Underground station, some of whom appeared to have lost limbs
Police and intelligence services believe the biggest threat against Britain comes from an attack by a 'lone wolf' who is not connected to any wider terror cell.
Security officials say they are the hardest plots to disrupt because they can be the work of a single person with little or no contact with known terrorists groups.
Police have had to draw up plans on how to respond to an ongoing gun attack, in which the perpetrators target dozens of people in public areas over a long period, as seen in Mumbai in 2008.
Fears of a 'marauding' gun attack have been raised after 18 people were taken hostage and two died in a siege in a coffee shop in Sydney last December, and the attack on the offices of the Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris in January in which 12 people died.
On Friday gunman Seifeddine Rezgui targeted tourists at the Tunisian beach resort of El Kantaoui near Sousse, killing 38 people including at least 18 British holidaymakers, making it the worst terror attack on Britons since the July 7 London bombings in 2005.
It was reported this morning that Scotland Yard has been training a special unit of armed police to deal with such situations
Actors playing victims of the staged attack were seen being dragged away in slings by armed police
The exercise is one of the biggest of its kind ever conducted by the emergency services in London
Police chiefs argue they are better prepared for an attack than a decade ago, but have ordered today's training exercise to adapt to the evolving threat.
Miss de Brunner said: 'Sadly London is no stranger to terrorism and we, alongside our colleagues, have had to deal with the tragic events of July 2005.
'Given the changing nature of the very real terrorism threat and events around the world - Paris and Australia - we need to constantly adapt our plans and prepare for new and emerging threats.'
She added: 'What is vitally important to all the agencies involved, who routinely work together, and to Londoners is that when the very worst happens we are prepared to be the very best that we can and understand how each other will all operate together
'We have sound plans and highly dedicated, brave staff, that Londoners can be confident in.
'However, only through testing and exercising, constantly challenging our assumptions, refining our tactics and learning from our own experiences and those from others around the world can we be confident in our ability to respond.'
The extraordinary display of force comes days after ISIS gunman Seifeddine Rezgui gunned down 38 innocent tourists, including up to 30 Britons, on a beach in Tunisia
Fears of a 'marauding' gun attack have been raised after 18 people were taken hostage and two died in a siege in a coffee shop in Sydney last December, and the attack on the offices of the Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris in January in which 12 people died
It comes as the police launched their biggest counter-terror operation for a decade over fears a 'lone wolf' attack could be launched using sub-machine guns smuggled into Britain.
The National Crime Agency has warned of the 'increased threat' posed by Skorpion weapons from the Czech Republic imported by gangs which could be used to kill dozens of people in copycat of the attack in Tunisia on Friday.
Scotland Yard has drafted in 600 officers - the biggest since the 7/7 bombings - and the Army is on standby to support police.
Terror manuals outlining how to make bombs and use firearms effectively are also being circulated by British extremists online. The interactive guides, which encourage 'lone wolf' attacks, were compiled by a militant from England who claims to have links to ISIS.
They include step-by-step instructions on how to make car bombs 'Iraqi style' and a piece on staying anonymous while using a smartphone.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Cybersecurity experts tend to be frightening people—that is, they are always able to cook up scenarios of cyber apocalypses to scare you silly. Chinese sleeper bugs that turn off all our appliances. Internet attacks that crash the electric grid. They can conjure all sorts of end-of-digital-civilization-as-we-know-it possibilities. So it's only natural that if you ask them about what could happen on Election Day, they're going to respond with eye-popping predictions that will send you stockpiling.
I've put this question to a few cybersecurity folks I know, and the replies were bone-chilling. Rather than distill it for you, I'm going give you the hard stuff straight from their lips—or keyboards. Be warned: This is not for the faint of heart or anyone looking for less anxiety as the final night of this brutal campaign approaches.
Jennifer McArdle is an assistant professor of cybersecurity at Salve Regina University, and she replied:
A conversation has centered around two notorious hacking groups, both attributed to the Kremlin—Fancy Bear (GRU) and Cozy Bear (FSB)—and a series of leaks and disinformation that have been designed to clearly favor one candidate over another. This isn't new. The Kremlin has used this tactic before in states within its historic sphere of influence. What is new is that this is happening to the US. What will happen on Tuesday? It is difficult to know. But there are a number of things that could take place. Obviously the Kremlin has demonstrated a bias towards Trump. Hackers could manipulate the tabulation function of voting machines, surreptitiously changing votes for Clinton to votes for Trump. Hackers could also target the voting machines in key Clinton strongholds in swing states, rendering them unavailable.
Think of all that chaos. McArdle continued:
Or a more insidious threat, as my friend Ben Buchanan has noted, would be for the Kremlin to carefully delete Republican voting records, undermining confidence in the democratic process, and further fueling conspiracies that the election may be rigged towards “establishment” political candidates. The Kremlin could also initiate a disinformation campaign, spreading rumors that undermine the election results. Putin has a wide variety of patriotic hacking and trolling groups at its disposal, like the youth movement Nashi. These groups could be unleashed to troll social media sites, in tandem with Twitter bots, providing greater ammunition for conspiracy theorists that the election is rigged. The Kremlin could also do nothing. If the main goal for Putin was to ferment chaos and undermine the integrity of the US democratic process, he has already achieved that end. Regardless of who wins the Presidency next week, the US political system is deeply fractured, and the next President will likely not be respected by a significant amount of the US populace.
In addition to hacking, the Kremlin, she pointed out, could also mount a disinformation campaign aimed at undermining the elections:
The Kremlin could leverage the trust that people—particularly Independents in key swing states—have in their own social circles to spread disinformation, most notably fake or doctored news stories that cause people to question the credibility of our democratic institutions during the election. First, the Kremlin could use big data analytics to identify potential swing voters. That isn't necessarily that hard to do. Every person has a digital profile—their likes, clicks, downloads, searches—that can reveal unique insights about a person's preferences and characteristics. The Kremlin could then work to create thousands of fake Twitter accounts through their youth organizations, like Nashi. The goal would be to get each account to boost the credibility of other created accounts in order to increase followers and retweets from genuine Twitter users. The Kremlin could also create accounts that impersonate genuine news outlets and celebrities. In order to increase the perceived legitimacy of these accounts, they could use real Tweets taken from the actual user accounts and have those tweets compliment other tweets designed to spread disinformation. These accounts could target those individuals that have been previously identified as swing voters. The Kremlin will also often have obscure news outlets post disinformation or doctored stories and later have outlets associated with state owned media—for example, RT— pick them up as a “reported” stories. They could theoretically do something like that as well, especially considering that US trust in traditional media outlets is low.
Hacking, disinformation? There's more. Malcolm Nance, a prominent terrorism analyst and author of The Plot to Hack America, noted that the threat ranges from the Russian equivalent of the National Security Agency to freelancers who could wreak havoc with less sophisticated assaults:
One thing is certain about the way the Russian intelligence agencies hack—they are not playing games. If they intend to do any mischief during this election the viruses & malware payloads will already be in place. The most likely place to create total chaos would be the computers that tally the state vote totals. Unless they have NSA level security in place the states have to safeguard against an intelligence agency with all the equal cyber power of the United States. If the state totals are changed in an obvious manner the entire election will be called into question and Trump will demand nullification. This could lead to open civil disobedience and armed violence. In other words the first shots of a second American Civil War. Although Putin desires stability, this would disable the United States as global superpower for a minimum of four years. It would also be the first shot in a cyberwar that could easily lead to a hot war.
Nance added:
I have about 10 advisers who are global experts in cybersecurity I call the “hacker elite.” Most are ex-military and NSA. They say they are already seeing indications of pro-Trump script kiddies (skiddies), malicious hackers who don't know how to write their own codes, preparing for a massive denial of service attack similar to the one a few weeks ago. So we may have what's known as a “militia hacker group” aligned with Trump who may decide to slow down the entire US Internet if their man is losing.
Nance echoed McArdle in saying that the goal of any hack may not be to change the vote counts to favor a candidate but to destabilize the electoral system. That would allow a candidate and his followers to refuse to accept the results—and let other governments pooh-pooh US democracy and scoff at admonishments from Washington.
I am certain other cyber experts can come up with additional nightmares. For now, this is more than enough to worry about.
Zaha Hadid's introduction to the Gold Medal lecture is a poignant reminder of the roots of her powerful ideas and how much she had yet to bring
Zaha Hadid has died suddenly aged 65, just months after becoming the first woman to be awarded the RIBA Gold Medal in her own right. Christine Murray, Editor-in-chief of The Architectural Review says: ‘This is the tragic loss of a master who redefined architecture and its possibilities. We mourn all that Zaha had yet to bring.'
This was Zaha's introduction to her Gold Medal Lecture 2016; a reminder of how far her ideas had developed, and how much they still had to offer.
I am very happy and honoured to receive this prize, for work that has not been mainstream and remains widely misunderstood. Therefore, I would like to use this occasion to talk about how my career developed and about what my work aims to achieve.
My career can best be made sense of in terms of addressing an important historical process: the process of the intensification and re-urbanisation of social life in the city. I would also like to share my thoughts about what I consider to be the best way forward for the discipline and the built environment, and how my work can be understood in relation to this overarching question.
I believe we live in an era of renewed urban concentration with new 21st-century challenges and opportunities that make this urban renaissance very different from older urbanisation processes – and especially very different from the process of 20th-century suburbanisation. The key difference is the new interaction density and complexity of urban life. Buildings and programmes need to break open and embrace each other, even interpenetrate. This requires spatial complexity and openness. This is the meaning of my first compositional strategies: explosion and fragmentation.
‘The Russian avant-garde offered me a reservoir of yet-untested compositional innovations that were full of complexity and dynamism'
The Russian avant-garde offered me a reservoir of yet-untested compositional innovations that were full of complexity and dynamism. The Suprematist compositions of both Malevich and El Lissitzky experimented with the interpenetration of forms rather than maintaining their neat separation. This is much more in tune with our current interest in the mixing of functions and the search for synergies. I added to this the ideas of distortion and gradient transformation, for the sake of site adaptation and versatility. Further, I explored the use of free-form curvature to articulate the dynamism and fluidity of contemporary life. I realised that curvature helps to maintain visual legibility in the face of the increasingly complex programmes required by our clients and facilitates navigation through complex projects.
All this serves urban densification, and urbanity, via invasion by new complex projects, projects that should be well embedded into their sites and serve as connective tissue rather than separate fortresses. Due to these intentions and strategies, my work turned out to be very different from most other work. It became conspicuous, memorable and, soon, readily identifiable as bearing my signature. But architecture is not a medium of personal expression for me: to interpret it as striving for individual expression is to misunderstand it. This misunderstanding is often linked to the dismissal of my work as self-indulgent or wilful.
‘I have always believed in progress and in creativity's role in progress. That's why I remain critical of any traditionalism'
However, for me, there was never any doubt that architecture must contribute to society's progress and, ultimately, to our individual and collective wellbeing. It performs and facilitates everyday life. This is very different from art's role of contemplation, expression or provocation.
I have always believed in progress and in creativity's role in progress. That's why I remain critical of any traditionalism. I worry about the dominance of Neo-Rationalism in London's current transformation. Why should 21st-century London be modelled on Schinkel's Berlin? Sites are now often irregular, with many different adjacencies that need to be taken into account in a complex play of contextual alignment and affiliation. Urban programmes now need spaces to flow freely.
The landscape analogy became very important to me as a strategy to increase ground permeability and surface continuity while avoiding the empty vastness of Modernist clear grounds. It suggested that ground relief is used as a soft ordering device that is more fluid and open than the dissection of space by walls. It delivers continuous variation instead of the harsh cuts of zoning.
The public domain was always a key interest to me. I was intrigued by the Modernist defortification of sites and the lifting of buildings to let the public space flow, but this time with an intense programmatic activation.
My interest in long-span structures and cantilevers follows from this idea of anti-fortification. Structural sophistication and boldness is also required to carve out interconnected communicative voids where space extends in layers above, below and all around.
Most of my projects – public and private – aspire to this life-enhancing increase in connectivity.
Lead image: Sketchbook of Hadid's design for the Irish prime minister's residence (competition entry), Dublin (Phoenix Park), 1979-80
Getty Images
Nebraska defensive end Randy Gregory was frequently mentioned as a candidate to go in the top 10 of the draft next month, but a failed drug test for marijuana at the combine might give teams picking early a reason to pass on him.
The Panthers are doing some due diligence to prepare themselves in the event that Gregory keeps falling all the way to the 25th pick of the round. Josina Anderson of ESPN reports that the team is working out Gregory on Monday.
There's a need for some pass rush help in Carolina with Greg Hardy off the roster, although one wonders how willing the Panthers would be to take on a player who will start his career in the league's substance abuse program with the risk of a suspension looming over his head.
It doesn't help that Gregory also had failed drug tests at Nebraska or that he's had a hard time keeping weight on while going through the pre-draft process. He was a productive player for the Cornhuskers, though, and someone will roll the dice that he can continue to be one in the NFL. Should that not happen in the first 24 picks, Carolina is that someone.
Only one period document mentions anything about the purchase of Manhattan. This letter states that the island was purchased from the Indians for 60 guilders worth of trade goods, which would consist of things like axes, iron kettles, and wool clothing. No reason beads couldn't have been included, but nothing tells us exactly what the mix was. Indians were notoriously shrewd traders and would not have been fooled by worthless trinkets.The original letter is in the archives of the Netherlands. It was written by a merchant, Pieter Schagen, to the directors of the West India Company (owners of New Netherlands) and is dated 5 November 1626. He mentions that the settlers “have bought the island of Manhattes from the savages for a value of 60 guilders.” That's it. It doesn't say who purchased the island or from whom they purchased it, although it was probably the local Lenape tribe.A little more is known of the purchase of Staten Island. That sale was also made for 60 guilders worth of goods, and for this, the Indians took fabric, axes, hoes, awls, kettles, Jews' harps, and beads.Historians often point out that North American Indians had a concept of land ownership different from that of the Europeans. The Indians regarded land, like air and water, as something you could use but not own or sell. It has been suggested that the Indians may have thought they were sharing, not selling.
Immigration was a divisive and prominent issue in the general election and, this week, the topic is firmly back in the spotlight with the coalition's announcement of a new cap covering those from outside the EU.
It has long been somewhat of a taboo topic and yet our ambivalent attitude to immigration seems at odds with the multicultural society in which we apparently live. In fact, these two strands of multiculturalism versus racism have deep roots in British history, which we can trace back at least to the 19th century.
During the Victorian years a series of groups arrived in significant numbers, above all the predominantly Catholic Irish, the Germans and, from the 1880s, Jews fleeing persecution in the Russian Pale of Settlement.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
On the one hand we can detect a strong positive strand towards these newcomers in the century leading up to the First World War, essentially providing the basis for contemporary multiculturalism, yet at the same time, the period from circa 1830 to 1918 witnessed some of the most viciously xenophobic acts in modern British history.
The tolerance of Victorian and Edwardian Britain reveals itself in a series of ways. In the first place, amazing as it may seem today, Britain had no immigration laws for most of the 19th century, a situation which would not change until the passage of the 1905 Aliens Act, aimed at East European Jews and forming the basis of all subsequent immigration legislation. Passports, meanwhile, would not become an issue until the First World War. At the same time the Victorian period was also the era of emancipation for ethnic minorities, above all Catholics and Jews.
At the start of the 19th century, the former could barely practice their religion, as Britain remained stuck in the anti-Catholic mindset which had accompanied the Reformation of the 16th century. However, a series of measures would grant both of these minorities full civil rights, beginning, most importantly, with the Catholic Emancipation Act of 1829 which allowed Catholics to sit in Parliament, although it did not grant full emancipation. Catholics could still not hold posts in schools or universities controlled by the established church, while priests could not wear their clothes outside their places of worship. Full emancipation and equality would not arrive until the end of the 19th century.
Jews, meanwhile, would not obtain the right to sit in Parliament until the 1850s, yet by 1910 they made up 2.4 per cent of the House of Commons, at a time when they constituted less than 1 per cent of the British population.
At the same time, Britons also welcomed refugees for much of the 19th century. British high society responded positively to the arrival of wealthy and educated Italian exiles escaping the straitjacket imposed on nationalism and liberalism by the Congress of Vienna in 1815. Their symbolic position as victims of Continental oppression guaranteed their positive status.
Similarly, German exiles also received a positive response when they arrived in England, as evidenced by the example of the middle class and liberal Gottfried Kinkel, although the left wing Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels did not get quite the same treatment. On the other hand, the Hungarian revolutionary leader Lajos Kossuth found himself fêted as an opponent of Habsburg tyranny in public meetings and in the press, becoming one of the greatest heroes in Victorian England until the Italian nationalist Garibaldi replaced him.
Just as importantly, while Victorian society may appear predominantly Anglo-Saxon, immigrants had an obvious impact in a variety of ways. In the first place, newcomers helped the industrialisation process, whether in the form of Irish navvies and factory workers, helping to build the infrastructure and produce the industrial goods which made Britain the first industrial nation, or prominent German entrepreneurs, whose skills helped establish the basis of many of Britain's leading firms such as Schroders, Kleinworts, Rothschilds, ICI and Tennents. At the same time, immigrants helped to create the British inner city, epitomised by the East End of London, which changed from Irish to German to Jewish between 1840 and 1914. Catering would not have developed in the way it did in Britain without migration.
During the late Victorian period continental settlers established some of the most famous restaurants in London including the Café Royal and the Ritz. At the same time Germans, Frenchmen and the Swiss staffed restaurants of all sizes throughout the country by the outbreak of the First World War, as this French concept of bourgeois dining (the restaurant) spread throughout Britain. Meanwhile, German musicians helped to transform music in Britain during the 19th century, as indicated by names such as Sir Charles Hallé, who founded the Manchester orchestra which bears his name after fleeing the 1848 revolutions, and Frederick Delius, born in Bradford in 1863 to middle class German parents. Germans also helped to staff many of the major British orchestras which would emerge during the course of the 19th century. At the same time German brass bands marched up and down the country during the late Victorian and Edwardian years, joining Italian organ grinders.
Nevertheless, this picture of a Victorian and Edwardian multicultural society needs balancing against the vicious and violent xenophobia which accompanied it. The 800,000 or so Irish who moved into the country, especially at the time of the potato famine of the 1840s, found themselves living cheek by jowl with the equally poor Scottish and English working classes.
While this poverty may have partly caused the animosity towards the newcomers, the ideological driving force consisted of anti-Catholicism. For the first time since the Reformation of the 16th century, Catholics found themselves living in England and Scotland in significant numbers at a time when Protestantism remained important in the lives of most Britons. Despite the gradual emancipation of Catholics during the 19th century, it was accompanied by popular and press hostility towards the newly-arrived poor Irish immigrants. The type of sectarianism which characterises Northern Ireland became a feature of Victorian cities such as Manchester, Liverpool and Glasgow where fighting between Roman Catholic and Protestant young men became part of everyday life. At the same time, as anti-Catholicism declined during the course of the 19th century in England, periodical publications began, under influence of Darwinism, racialising the Irish, which meant depicting them as apes contrasted with the English.
As the second and subsequent generations of Irish increasingly became integrated, Britons caught the prevailing xenophobic disease of the late 19th century in the form of antisemitism. It focused especially upon those Jewish refugees fleeing murderous pogroms in Russia from the 1880s, leading to the passage of the 1905 Aliens Act. While Victorian tolerance could cope with the few thousand well-heeled exiles arriving between the 1820s and the 1850s, it could not deal with the tens of thousands of Jews moving especially into the East End of London, where a campaign orchestrated from Parliament emerged against them. Britain's first racist political grouping of the 20th century also emerged in these years in the form of the British Brothers League.
The Aliens Act of 1905 symbolised the end of the Victorian open door policy towards immigration, yet the Jewish community which had arrived from Eastern Europe in the decades leading up to this event would experience significant social mobility during the 20th century, which would bring it into the elites of British society. The same did not happen to the German immigrants who found themselves in Britain at the outbreak of the First World War. This minority had actually experienced relatively little hostility during the Victorian and Edwardian years, but became highly visible in 1914. Over the next four years British xenophobia reached a height not seen since the Middle Ages, which resulted in internment, property confiscation and mass rioting, culminating in deportation at the end of the First World War.
Yet even while Germans faced ethnic cleansing, the country welcomed 240,000 Belgian refuges, who symbolised the fight against Germany. The First World War, like the two centuries which preceded and succeeded it, illustrates the complexity of the British interaction with immigration in which the strand of tolerance and multiculturalism lives parallel with that of racism.
Panikos Panayi is Professor of European History at De Montfort University and author of "An Immigration History of Britain: Multicultural Racism Since 1800" which is published by Longman (£18.99). To order a copy for the special price of £17 (free P&P) call Independent Books Direct on 08430 600 030, or visit www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
After 35 years as a journalist, I experienced two firsts last week. One was that I asked for my byline to be removed from an interview I had written, which was a direct consequence of the other first: the subject of my interview being given, without my prior knowledge, copy control and – in a breathtaking liberty – removing sections of my interview and replacing them with her own, self-promoting, words.
Who is this insecure diva who does not know better about what should be an essential divide between journalism and public relations? It must be one of those Hollywood actors, you might think, represented by aggressively image-controlling agents. Well, it is disappointing to report that it is one of the nation's darlings and a champion of other women, particularly right now in the battle for equal pay at the BBC. Yes, it's all-round good egg Clare Balding.
In our interview, Balding talked about how much she loves the corporation. But the BBC's badge of honour – its most cherished tenet – is editorial independence: how could one of its most recognised female broadcasters think it is acceptable to demand not only to see an article about her before publication, but then to change the words – making it look as though they were said in the interview and recorded by the journalist?
This is obviously, for a start, unsisterly and undermining of a fellow woman professional. More importantly, there is an unwritten pact between a publication's journalist and reader – certainly in reputable publications, which Saga (the magazine in question) is – that what they read is real.
The deal is that the celebrity gets their new book or film promoted to a wider public by dint of being on the cover of the magazine – as Balding is in the October issue, for her new children's book – and a mention of the product in question.
What they don't get – or should never get – is permission to make alterations to the journalist's interview before publication. And, beyond that they do not get to substitute their own words as though this is what they have said in the interview!
Some might be tempted to shrug. “It's only an interview with a showbiz personality. Who cares if they have copy control?” But, as one of my editor friends says: “It does matter because it erodes the integrity of our public print and means the public stop believing anything they read. Also, just because someone is famous and powerful, they should not be able to bully a publication into writing what they want printed.”
“Even the silliest of celebrities use their profile to make pronouncements on all manner of issues, so it's quite right that they are questioned fairly and independently.”
So how did this Saga setback happen? I have been assured by the magazine staff to whom I complained that it is not normal practice for them to give celebrities copy control. In this case, Dawn French – the intended cover – dropped out at the last minute and Balding was a rapidly found substitute. Did Saga's editor agree to the unacceptable because she was in a jam? And if so, why not get Balding to write the piece herself?
In our interview, Balding was friendly and unprickly, talking about a range of subjects – happy to be revealing about the sides of professional life she found tricky. The features editor wrote to me saying the written up interview was “absolutely lovely” but could I add a couple of sentences about Balding's sports commentary achievements and also say how “lovely” she was – and put this quite near the beginning of the article. (I wrote back to say that I could not: “I don't think I can write about her being incredibly warm because that is not my experience of her. She is quite a brisk, jolly-hockey-sticks type, and that is how I have written her.” Despite this, the piece will appear with these mincing words inserted: “And indeed she sparkles all the way through the photo shoot.”)
By the end of that day, I'd been sent a copy of the pages and that, I thought, was that. The next day, I receive an email from the editor, Katy Bravery, apologising but adding: “Clare and her agent have complained that there is way too much about her being gay in the interview, and I have to say I agree.”
Wow! Apart from anything else, the idea that in this year – the 50th anniversary of the partial decriminalisaton of homosexuality, for which Balding has done some broadcasts – one of the very few leading lesbians in British public life could find an article “too gay” was flabbergasting.
This was very late in the day for the editor to come back to me: the piece was supposed to have gone off to the printers the previous week. I phoned her to say that I was shocked that “Clare and her agent” had been sent the piece for copy control, and Bravery's response was that it was more like “copy approval”, and I wondered about the difference.
Worse was to come. I asked the features editor to send me the new, doctored, gay-reduced version – as, after all, the piece would have my name attached to it. She wrote back: “I have attached the new version, which I hope you will see has changed little from your original copy – with a few quotes from your longer version added, together with a couple of quotes from Clare about football.”
A couple of quotes from Clare! Had we reached a new low where interview subjects could write their own copy masquerading as that of an independent journalist? What had Balding inserted? A paragraph or two about her hosting the women's European football championships in the summer and then… a shameless puff for her own book: “It's why I wanted to have a female heroine in my book who is not afraid to take on the establishment and is also a team player. The response I received from readers and their parents has been so positive – most of whom say that it's rare to find a sporty, strong heroine – with short hair.”
This was the point at which I asked for my name to be removed. How would Balding like it if – unbeknown to her – one of her broadcasts had some new words dubbed in, written by someone else, and under her name?
Since my Saga saga, I have been asking friends and colleagues in the business what they think about what I may have to call Baldingate. Some of them say I have been insulated from the copy control nightmare because of the strength of the titles I've worked for.
Another point of view is that the reader won't notice the difference so why does it matter? That is, it won't reflect badly on me. But the point is that I know what has happened and it is not something with which I can knowingly collude.
At a time when journalism is under siege everywhere – when fake news sites are on the rise and online newspapers just help themselves to journalists' articles and present them as their own – it is more important than ever for those of us who are still writing to stand up for the values that attracted us to the profession in the first place.
Back in 2003, I was asked to interview Madonna, after she'd written several children's books (note to self: avoid celebrities who turn their hand to writing for kids.). The interview was a bit more obviously chequered than this Balding debacle but, again, we seemed to part on good terms.
This was my conclusion to that piece: “What followed was any journalist's idea of a nightmare. The very next day the rumbles started... This escalated into a full-blown inquiry, with her people threatening to stop dealings with the Times unless they had full approval and control of the interview… The discussions went on for four weeks and were eventually resolved, with the result that this interview is appearing as it was intended, without any interference.”
We still tend to think of this bullying behaviour as an American problem. But if it originated with the big bad agents in Hollywood, it has certainly been making inroads with our homegrown, household names.
So what is the way forward? Perhaps we need to adopt another response to the economic downturn in our industry – the sponsored editorial label. How about some equal transparency for the readers so they still bother to buy the product when it is genuine? A differentiating label such as, “This article has been approved by the subject” and, in cases like mine, “Some paragraphs of this interview have been written in by the celebrity after the event.” We could call it, as a writer buddy of mine suggested, celebritorial.
In the meantime, I take comfort in the fact that La Balding's behaviour is not yet completely the norm and, despite her aristocratic forbears, shows that she lacks class.
The real pros – such as the marvellous Dame Judi Dench, who has provoked headlines around the world because of her recent comments to me on desire and naughty knickers – believe in letting you do your job with the same freedom and lack of interference they would expect to do their own. They are the real stars.
Danny Thompson's kidneys have failed and he needs a transplant but in some ways, he's lucky: Both of his sons want to give him one of theirs, and his Medicare coverage will take care of most of his expenses.
Yet the 53-year-old Californian is facing another daunting obstacle: he doesn't have the money for his share of the medical bills and follow-up drugs, and he can't buy supplemental insurance to help cover his costs.
Almost one in four Medicare beneficiaries has such a policy, known as Medigap, which is sold by private insurance companies. It can help pay for costs Medicare doesn't cover, including the 20% coinsurance required for medical expenses, including certain drugs, plus deductibles and co-payments. Those expenses have no out-of-pocket limit for beneficiaries.
Federal law requires companies to sell Medigap plans to any Medicare beneficiary aged 65 or older within six months of signing up for Part B, which covers doctor visits and other outpatient services. If they sign up during this guaranteed open enrollment, they cannot be charged higher premiums due to their medical conditions.
But Congress left it to states to determine whether Medigap plans are sold to the more than 9 million people younger than 65 years old who qualify for Medicare because of a disability.
In 20 states and the District of Columbia, home to more than 2 million disabled Medicare beneficiaries, insurers are not required to sell Medigap policies to customers under 65. In other states, insurers cannot reject applicants if they enroll when they first join Medicare. Companies in some states, including Virginia, can still charge higher premiums to younger beneficiaries or those with kidney disease, often making policies unaffordable.
In California, Massachusetts and Vermont, insurers are required to sell Medigap policies to anyone with Medicare, except to people like Thompson who are under 65 and have end stage renal disease.
“If it was the reverse — if you were discriminating against somebody because they were 65 or older than opposed to younger — people would be outraged,” said Bonnie Burns, policy specialist for the consumer group California Health Advocates and a member of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' Medigap committee.
The federal health law provides no relief for these younger Medicare beneficiaries. One of its most popular provisions prohibits discrimination by insurance companies in the non-Medicare market based on pre-existing conditions or age, but the law is silent on Medigap.
Thompson, who lives in Menlo Park, near San Francisco, said 12 Medigap insurers have turned him down. Buying a health plan through Covered California, the state's health insurance exchange, is not an option since he has primary insurance through Medicare. “That is for people who don't have insurance, and I have insurance,” he said. “But it is as if I don't.”
The transplant costs are substantial, and Thompson said he does not have the resources to cover his share. Kidney transplant patients can expect the preparation, surgery, tests and treatment for the first year to run more than $262,000, according to the American Kidney Fund. The immunosuppressant drugs, which patients will need for the rest of lives to ensure their body does not reject the new kidney, cost another $2,000 to $4,000 a month.
No Hospital Mandate
Hospitals and doctors are not required to provide care for Medicare patients unless it's a medical emergency, a Medicare official said.
Joe Baker, president of the Medicare Rights Center, said that they can turn away Medicare patients for any number of reasons, including inability to pay their share of the bills or because providers are not taking new patients.
“Medicare beneficiaries under 65 with end stage renal disease get an organ transplant if they agree to pay their share of the costs Medicare doesn't cover,” said Lisa Kim, a spokeswoman for Stanford Hospital, where Thompson has sought treatment.
To help Thompson find financial assistance, a Stanford social worker referred him to Christina Dimas-Kahn, who heads San Mateo County office of the California Department of Aging's Health Insurance Counseling and Advocacy Program (HICAP). She said he is one of several clients with end stage renal disease that HICAP counselors have tried to help in the past few years, “But people with the disease don't have the whole lot of options if they are under 65,” she said.
Thompson recently learned that he could qualify for Medi-Cal, California's Medicaid program for low-income people, which Dimas-Kahn said would cover his transplant expenses. But Thompson said that coverage would kick in only after he paid a $2,500 deductible every month, which he cannot afford.
If Thompson divorced his wife of 30 years, her income wouldn't be counted along with his Social Security disability benefits and it's possible he wouldn't have to pay the deductible. That's not a good alternative, he said. “We made vows — rich or poor, in sickness or in health — you stay married.”
‘Crazy Patchwork' Of Regulations
Another solution could be moving to another state, such as Delaware. That's where Heather Block, a politically savvy project manager for federal and international organizations, took on her state legislature after she was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer.
“I considered myself lucky when I became eligible for Medicare but that 20 percent co-pay with no out-of-pocket maximum is exorbitant for anyone let alone someone with a serious illness,” she said.
Block could get Medicare before turning 65 because she qualified for disability benefits, but she couldn't get Medigap coverage. Two years ago, she spearheaded a successful campaign to change state law, forcing insurers to sell Medigap policies to anyone when they first enroll in Medicare regardless of age, without basing rates on their health conditions.
“It is insane that we have to go through this crazy patchwork of state regulations,” said Block, whose monthly charges for cancer drugs alone range as high as $9,800. Without Medigap, medical bills would eventually deplete her savings.
Prospects for a nationwide solution are dim because expanding Medigap coverage could lead to these beneficiaries with disabilities receiving more careand raising costs for the Medicare program. Congress is looking for strategies to curb Medicare spending, not increase it, Burns said.
The health insurance industry's trade association opposes expanding Medigap to include all Medicare beneficiaries younger than 65 with end stage renal kidney disease. Since treatment for those patients can be so expensive, adding them could increase Medigap premiums for everyone,said Cindy Goff, a vice president at America's Health Insurance Plans. She pointed to Medicare statistics that show when the program covers patients over 65 with end-stage renal disease, their care averages nearly nine times more than other Medicare beneficiaries.
Older adults are “super price-sensitive” and raising premiums “would basically price them out of being able to get the Medigap protection they want,” said Goff.
“The insurance company knows that these patients coming through the door are going to use services,” said LaVarne Burton, president of the American Kidney Fund. “In most instances, if they don't get treatment, they will die.”
Kaiser Health News is a national health policy news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Brazilian army has said that it will deploy more troops, armoured vehicles and military aviation to a southeastern state to fill a security vacuum where the police force has been on strike for a week.
A wave of violence and crime in Espirito Santo has claimed more than 100 lives so far, which is a major rise from the four murders recorded in all of January.
The announcement on Thursday came a day after Cesar Colnago, the state governor, said that the 1,200 soldiers who arrived earlier this week were not enough to help end the rampant unrest, which started after police left their posts on Friday in protest over wages and work conditions.
"From now on, I have decided to reinforce ES with paratroopers, armoured vehicles and army aviation. The mission will be accomplished," General Eduardo Villas Boas, Brazil's army commander, said via Twitter on Thursday.
Wave of muggings
Brazil's Globo television network quoted the police union in Espirito Santo saying that more than 100 people have now been killed in a wave of muggings, carjackings and looting in the capital city Vitoria and elsewhere.
Relatives and sympathisers of striking officers are blockading police stations, and officers inside are deliberately making no effort to come out - leaving the city unguarded.
The website of the Colnago's office said talks had been held with the police, but with no result.
It also issued an appeal on Thursday for blood donors, saying stocks "have been reduced to a minimum in the last few days".
The police want better conditions and higher salaries. A court declared the action an illegal strike and the state police chief has been replaced.
Meanwhile, there were continuing fears and rumours in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil's second most populous city, that police could start a copycat strike on Friday.
Officials have said they are working on paying officers late salaries and that no strike is planned. However, persistent rumours on social media have struck a nerve.
State Governor Luiz Fernando Pezao told Radio Gaucha in an interview early Thursday that he had asked the federal authorities to put the army and elite National Public Security Force on standby, in case the situation deteriorates, Globo television reported.
OPINION: The fight for Brazil's future
Rio has recently faced violent protests against austerity reforms, stretching police resources.
The crisis reflects nationwide budget crises in Brazil, blamed on corruption, which has faced a crippling recession for two years and is struggling to return to growth.
The country is also one of the most violent in the world, with heavily armed criminals battling both on the streets and in prisons.
Last month, clashes inside a prison near the northern city of Natal left 26 people dead, prompting the deployment of army troops.
OREGON CITY, Ore. (AP) - A rock climber's body has been recovered after a large amount of rock fell on him from above in an Oregon City park.
Officials with Clackamas Fire District 1 say authorities were called to a rescue in the area of Promontory Park Thursday morning by a friend of the climber who reported the man missing and then searched the park, finding the man unconscious.
Authorities say Clackamas Fire crews arrived and found the climber deceased.
Fire officials say the climber was hanging from his rope system about 30 feet up the face of a rock wall and that rock from above had fallen and presumably caused the climber's injuries.
It wasn't known if the climber was wearing a helmet.
Fire officials say the rocks in the park are unstable and shouldn't be climbed.
From that, we learned that despite all it has won being world and European champion, Spain still has the deep desire to go all the way even in a hot climate in effectively a mere warmup for next year's World Cup.
Brazilian fans jeered the Spanish on every field, which smacks of envy. When the players' rooms were entered and valuables stolen while Spain played an earlier match, the local media suggested that the victims had made the whole thing up.
The Spanish team under its experienced coach, Vicente Del Bosque, is not noted for seeking excuses. Indeed, it is so long now, three years and counting, that Spain has lost a meaningful contest that it would be ludicrous to complain.
Nevertheless, its journey to Sunday's last game puts it at a disadvantage. Spain played its semifinal in Fortaleza, in the north of the country, a 2,200-kilometer, or 1,400-mile, flight to Rio de Janeiro, where the final is scheduled. Brazil's match against Uruguay in Belo Horizonte was about a sixth of the distance away, and played 24 hours earlier, giving the host a full day extra to rest and recuperate. And time is of the essence, as everyone who plays in the real thing next year will appreciate and learn. Howard Webb, the English referee for the Spain vs. Italy match, had shed three kilograms, or nearly seven pounds, in weight per game keeping up with the players.
Weight loss and proper scientific recovery is obviously part and parcel of a top sportsman's lot. The teams are prepared for every eventuality, and, in Brazil's case, this rehearsal is the closest thing to competitive circumstances that the players will experience between now and their World Cup.
“This team has to face a lot of difficulties,” said Luiz Felipe Scolari, Brazil's head coach. “We achieved our goal of getting to the final and giving the players a sense of unity. We have one more objective now, to win this final and to show the fans that we have a good team for the World Cup.”
Scolari is as pragmatic now as he was back in 2002, when he took Brazil to the winning post at the World Cup in South Korea and Japan. He fostered then a unity, a hard core of reliable competitors, some of whom he gradually allowed to express their individuality.
AP Images
MIAMI — During his pre-offseason press conference on June 19, Pat Riley was asked about the preferred methods to retain his stable of superstars, three players with a combined seven championships and 29 All-Star appearances. That's when some other trios, and a duo, rolled off the Heat's president tongue, where clearly he'd had them teed up.
"Whatever they want to do," Riley said of LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh. "However we can keep those guys together, OK? However we can keep those guys together. (Larry) Bird, (Kevin) McHale, (Robert) Parish, together. (James) Worthy, (Magic) Johnson, (Kareem) Abdul-Jabbar, together. (Michael) Jordan, (Scottie) Pippen and Horace Grant or another, together..."
That other, for the Bulls' second run of three championships, was Dennis Rodman.
Andrew D. Bernstein/Getty Images
"(Tim) Duncan, (Manu) Ginobili, (Tony) Parker, together," Riley continued. "OK? Shaq and Kobe (Bryant), together. Shaq and, oh, excuse me, Kobe and (Pau) Gasol and another together."
That other was Lamar Odom, even if the core of that Lakers' squad wasn't together that long.
"Whatever it takes to keep them together, we're ready for," Riley continued. "That's our objective. That's my push to them. All of those guys stayed together and in their worst moments, and I just mentioned to you a number of times that they lost, they just allowed management to retool, let's bring this back together, this doesn't happen often, and let's stay here and let's try to keep this thing going."
There's something else, though, that Riley didn't say, something that separates this Heat trio from so many of their predecessors, something that should serve as a meaningful part of their legacy, especially if they stay together long enough for history to classify them as a collective.
It's something that has the potential to aid, or perhaps even undermine, Riley in his efforts to retain all of them—rendering him more of a spectator than he has been portrayed, in this space as well as others.
It's something that wasn't supposed to be possible in the modern NBA age, especially after the owners slammed through a new collective bargaining agreement intended, at least in part, to limit labor's influence—and specifically on the top players' ability to construct and maintain superteams.
It's something called control.
Wilfredo Lee/Associated Press
It's rather remarkable how much influence James, Bosh and Wade still hold—reinforced by Sunday's ESPN report, since confirmed by Bleacher Report, that they are continuing to consult with each other about contractual details and how to best facilitate Riley's roster retool.
In this sense, they continue to change the game as much off the court as on. But perhaps we shouldn't be surprised. Sure, none came to the NBA with a collegiate degree, with James skipping entirely, Wade leaving Marquette early (after being academically ineligible as a freshman) and Bosh leaving Georgia Tech after a single season. And the public's prejudices are such that athletes, of all kinds, are expected to leave the complicated cap stuff to the professionals.
Perhaps, then, they may still be underestimated.
They shouldn't be.
Each has already made two shrewd decisions, one that brought them together (signing contracts that expired in 2010), and one that could potentially split them apart (getting early termination options so they could explore the landscape in 2014).
Each has shown an adventurous, pioneering spirit, unwilling to let others' expectations define them.
James has booked meetings with Warren Buffett and Bill Gates, invested in English soccer and hip-hop headphones and, above all, broken the representation mode by empowering and trusting his closest hometown friends. Wade has linked his name to ties and socks, luxury watches and Chinese shoes, while acting as an ultra-active overseer at his annual Brand Wade conference. Bosh knows no borders with his interests, whether serving as a hoop ambassador to India, tinkering in video production, promoting computer coding to kids, or speed-learning Spanish.
Lynne Sladky/Associated Press
They are unique personalities, not only from each other, but from their contemporaries, and, since 2010, their on-court partnership has been invariably interesting, mostly exhilarating and occasionally disappointing, notably when they stumbled in the 2011 and 2014 NBA Finals.
Their off-court partnership has been even more fascinating, and never moreso than now.
They've again positioned themselves to do something that their notable predecessors generally did not: dictating rather than deferring, when it comes to where, and with whom, they play. Sure, Magic Johnson forced a coaching switch—to Riley, as it happens. Yes, Shaquille O'Neal exercised his 1996 free-agent status to set up the star pairing with Kobe Bryant, the same summer that Michael Jordan flirted with the Knicks. But, for all of the dynasties and mini-dynasties that Riley mentioned in his aforementioned riff, there was a greater dependence on management to compose the roster and initiate significant change.
Nathaniel S. Butler/Getty Images
The most those players really did was endorse an addition, such as when the Celtics of the mid-1980s encouraged Red Auerbach to add Bill Walton before the Lakers did. Even Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen, one of the most powerful duos of all, held little sway over their general manager. First, Jerry Krause traded Jordan's friend Charles Oakley for Bill Cartwright; later, he refused to renegotiate Pippen's contract because he was saving the money for a European prodigy named Toni Kukoc.
Those superteams should be credited for some of the NBA's revenue growth, even as compared to inflation. When the NBA reintroduced the salary cap in 1984-85 after four decades of "free" spending, the figure was just $3.6 million. Now the NBA's average salary is more than $5 million. But as much as that spike may have given players more of a cushion to make financial "sacrifices," they have also been faced with restrictions, including maximums on individual salaries (Jordan made 70 percent of his career $90 million in earnings in just two seasons) and more punitive luxury taxes.
The owners essentially left just one loophole, but it's not one that athletes in our society would be expected to explore, let alone exploit: the willingness to work for less, at least per annum, to accomplish more. We've been conditioned not to expect this, even as we claim to admire it.
Noah Graham/Getty Images
For the past few decades, since Curt Flood, Spencer Haywood and others took stands to change their sports, many have railed against the "selfish" sports star, the man who puts self before team, net worth before winning. Many have celebrated the rare exemplary athlete, such as the San Antonio Spurs' Tim Duncan, who signs for significantly less than he could command on the open market because he feels an allegiance to an area and an organization. James and Bosh can never be Duncan, in the sense of staying with one franchise for the course of their careers. But it is odd that they, as well as Wade and Udonis Haslem, experienced backlash in 2010 when they accepted less than the maximum, and—based on social media—will experience it again if they reduce their cap numbers to "stack" their team.
An athlete is supposed to find every edge, within the rules, in every way he can.
That's what Bird, Parish and McHale; Johnson, Abdul-Jabbar and Worthy; and Jordan, Pippen and, as Riley put it, "some other" did on the court. But that's also what Duncan, Parker and Ginobili have done off the court, with their team friendly contracts, the ones that so many celebrate, the ones that are necessary to compete year after year in the current age.
That's what James, Wade and Bosh can decide to do again now, after each took the significant step of opting out.
"It's not something where I'm going to get in a room and get down on my knees," Riley said of their decisions. "I wouldn't do that to a player. It's a voluntary thing on his part. It's going to have to be something that he's going to say, 'Hey, I want to do this, because of that.' We'll take them right the way they are."
He's not in position to take the control they've earned.
He can only hope to benefit from it.
Man United fans turn to the dark side and yearn for Mourinho
The mood has darkened around Old Trafford. There are a plethora of reasons why many of the United faithful are at the end of their tether with Louis van Gaal.
The sense of exasperation can be distilled into two simple facts: the results aren't good enough, and the performances are soul-destroyingly dull. Both in conjunction simply won't do at one of the biggest - and richest - clubs in the world.
After David Moyes' brief era of indecision and unsure bafflement, Louis van Gaal certainly had the self-confidence and experience for the job if nothing else. Sure enough, he went about restructuring the squad with gusto.
But now the process has stalled badly, and these are uncertain times. Even the walking ego is doubting himself. The man who was convinced that his Red and White Army adored him due to a oft-amended generic chant is noticeably shaken.
"I don't want to finish my career with the club sacking me,” confided a candid Van Gaal prior to Saturday's game with Norwich City. “That would be a great disappointment for me to say goodbye to the football world by being fired."
His post-match comments were also tinged with rare self-awareness. "[I am] always evaluating, and of course the philosophy is very important for me. Because of that I am - or maybe I have to say now, was - a very successful manager."
Already talk has turned to who should replace the Dutchman, despite all the noises from Old Trafford suggesting his position is safe. Unfortunately for Van Gaal, a ridiculously successful former protege is in between jobs.
Advertisement
Whispers of Jose Mourinho's name are fast turning into a loud cacophony - and it has as much to do with the current footballing landscape beyond Old Trafford as anything else. Time is very much of the essence.
At the time of writing, the following looks very likely: Pep Guardiola will take charge of Manchester City in the summer, and his replacement at Bayern Munich will be Carlo Ancelotti. Two solutions fall at once.
The former domino is the most painful to take for the red half of Manchester. More than any player, Guardiola's arrival at the Etihad has huge implications for what is tediously referred to as the Mancunian 'balance of power'.
The Catalan represents everything that United fans yearn for: success, attractive football, trust in youth, and legacy. He would undoubtedly be the ideal replacement for Van Gaal. But it seems increasingly likely that he is Eastlands-bound.
The only manager who comes close in terms of style, suitability, ethos and charisma is Liverpool's Jurgen Klopp. With both of United's greatest rivals stealing the cream, the dangerous prospect of acquiring Mourinho's dark arts becomes impossibly tempting.
All the question marks still remain: Jose doesn't stick around; Jose neglects youth in preference for immediate solutions; Jose is safety-first and conservative in style; Jose's teams burn bright and fizzle out upon his departure; Jose is trouble.
But all those fears evaporate in the heat of desperation. The single biggest argument for employing Mourinho is his overlong CV cluttered with success. Despite this season's spectacular aberration, he is the surest bet for immediate success.
If Guardiola and Klopp are irresistible acquisitions, the Portuguese would be a vital insurance policy offsetting their threat. And so a growing number of United supporters are willing to overlook his foibles and give into their basest instincts.
The prospect of a grinning Mourinho swanning into an Old Trafford press conference is incredibly seductive. The very idea was formerly wrong on so many levels, but it has become a fatal attraction near impossible to resist.
Just be careful what you wish for...
Throughout Georgian London there are many ‘freaks', whose main source of income was displaying themselves: tall or strong women, tiny people, the prematurely aged (probably suffering from progeria) and ‘mer-people'. Sexual freaks such as bearded ladies or hermaphrodites were particularly popular. Anything exotic or ‘other' caused queues to form in the street outside the chosen venue of display. All of these factors combined to make the exhibition of Saartjie (‘little Sara' in Dutch) Baartman, also known as the Hottentot Venus, at 225 Piccadilly one of the sideshows of the age.
Sara's origin is unknown. She may not have grown up with the Khoikhoi, but been the child of enslaved parents. Alexander Dunlop was a ship's surgeon and also acquired ‘specimens' of all kinds for museums from the African Cape. In 1810, he brought Sara to England through Liverpool. She had been working in the Cape for a man named Peter Cezar, who had likely named her Saartjie Baartman, but Dunlop had promised her fame and fortune before the English public.
Sara was of the Khoikhoi people of South Africa. They had proved of particular interest to missionaries and early travelling scientists for numerous reasons, not least their distinctive features, often termed simian, and their clicking language. However, the greatest attraction for the ‘collectors' of natural phenomena of the day was the appearance of Khoikhoi females: predisposed to carrying large amounts of fat on their breasts and high on their buttocks (called steatopygia). In addition to these distinctive features, the women of the tribe wore little or no clothing when in their natural environment, making their super-developed genitalia the focus of great curiosity for white male visitors.
Upon her arrival in England, Dunlop sold Sara to a showman, Henrik Cezar (apparently coincidental). She was brought to London, and soon a flyer was produced advertising her presence, and the invitation to view, at 2 shillings a go. Charles Matthews was a keen ‘viewer' of all London freakery, and he recorded his visit to the Hottentot Venus:
‘He found her surrounded by many persons, some females! One pinched her; one gentleman poked her with his cane; one lady employed her parasol to ascertain that all was, as she called it, ‘nattral.' This inhuman baiting the poor creature bore with sullen indifference, except upon some provocation, when she seemed inclined to resent brutality.'
Matthews also referred to Sara being restrained by her ‘keeper', making the whole idea by turns both grim and dismal in modern eyes. Sara was however, fully clothes during her exhibition, although the dress was tight in order to show her curves. Her naturally small waist was bound by African beads and ornaments for emphasis.
Sara's exhibition caused an uproar, both by those rushing to see it, and amongst the more sensitive and also amongst the abolitionists who saw her condition as slavery. The Morning Chronicle, a liberal newspaper featured a letter on the 12th of October 1810 declaring, ‘It was contrary to every principle of morality and good order,' but Cezar soon responded, argued that it was Sara's right to exhibit herself and thus earn her living, just as if she were a giant or a dwarf. Sarah, however, was not like the other exhibits, she was all of them combined: female, black, physically unique and sexually intriguing.
Instead Ms. Palin emphasized her down-home qualities and her membership in the middle class, a group that she and Mr. Biden sparred over repeatedly during their 90-minute encounter.
“Go to a kids' soccer game on Saturday and turn to any parent there on the sideline and ask them, ‘How are you feeling about the economy?' ” Ms. Palin said. “And I'll betcha you're going to hear some fear in that parent's voice, fear regarding the few investments that some of us have in the stock market — did we just take a major hit with those investments?”
Mr. Biden, standing at a lectern a few feet from Ms. Palin's, replied with one of his characteristic strategies in the debate: portraying Mr. McCain as unaware or unmoved by voters' problems and as an ally of the deeply unpopular President Bush.
“It was two Mondays ago John McCain said at 9 o'clock in the morning that the fundamentals of the economy were strong,” Mr. Biden said. “Eleven o'clock that same day, two Mondays ago, John McCain said that we have an economic crisis. That doesn't make John McCain a bad guy, but it does point out he's out of touch. Those folks on the sidelines knew that two months ago.”
Rarely has a vice-presidential showdown been packed with such political importance. Ms. Palin's unsteady performances in recent interviews turned this debate into can't-miss television, but they have also raised questions — from conservatives, among others — about the soundness of Mr. McCain's judgment in picking a relative newcomer as his running mate. Recent polls have suggested that his shifting statements on the economic bailout talks in Washington have not reassured some of these conservatives, raising the stakes for Ms. Palin to deliver steady, informed answers and repartee in the debate.
Mr. Biden's aides had their own concerns before the debate, worrying that a single gaffe by him could shift the onus off Ms. Palin. They worried that even the slightest miscalibration of his tone, body language and mien could imply condescension or worse toward Ms. Palin and become the story of the night.
With both candidates keeping their cool and addressing each other politely with honorifics — Mr. Biden said “Sarah Palin” at one point and then correct himself with “Governor Palin” — there was a certain symmetry to the debate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Both candidates have a son preparing to serve in Iraq. Every time Mr. Biden seemed to criticize Mr. Bush, Ms. Palin would mention “mavericks.” And when Mr. Biden criticized the Bush administration at one point, Ms. Palin replied: “Say it ain't so, Joe. There you go again, pointing backwards again.”
Photo
The two candidates have both faced personal challenges, too: Ms. Palin's baby son has Down syndrome, while Mr. Biden, in the 1970s, lost his wife and daughter in a car accident. As he recalled that time and the near-death of one of his sons, Mr. Biden briefly choked up — the one moment of raw emotion in an otherwise stable debate between two fairly disciplined candidates.
“The notion that, somehow, because I'm a man, I don't know what it's like to raise two kids alone, I don't know what it's like to have a child you're not sure is going to make it,” Mr. Biden said. “I understand as well as, with all due respect, the governor or anybody else, what it's like for those people sitting around that kitchen table. And guess what? They're looking for help.”
The extraordinary interest in Ms. Palin's performance elevated the debate into nothing less than a cultural event. Viewers flocked to their Facebook and MySpace pages to critique her answers, her poise and even her hair; others lamented Senator Barack Obama's choice of Mr. Biden instead of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, an agile debater who could go gender-to-gender against Ms. Palin. Even a “Palin Bingo” card was in circulation on the Internet, with participants told to check off trademark words of Ms. Palin's when she uttered them, like “bad guys,” “pro-life” and “mayor.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
If Ms. Palin suffered in rapid-fire news media interviews in which she was the sole person in the spotlight, she fared much better at Thursday's debate, where half of the questions were posed first to Mr. Biden — which, in turn, meant that Ms. Palin had 90 seconds to prepare her answer or riposte. Indeed, in her political campaigns in Alaska, Ms. Palin came across as confident and on point, as she did for the most part against Mr. Biden.
“I do respect your years in the U.S. Senate, but I think that Americans are craving something new and different and that new energy and that new commitment that's going to come with reform,” Ms. Palin said. “I think that's why we need to send the maverick from the Senate and put him in the White House, and I'm happy to join him there.”
Although Ms. Palin name-dropped several times, presumably to show fluency in foreign affairs, she did not always drop the right name. At one point, she referred to the top American commander in Afghanistan, Gen. David D. McKiernan, as “McClellan.”
Ms. Palin also tended to seize on a single point or phrase of Mr. Biden or the moderator, Gwen Ifill of PBS, and veer off on her own direction in her 90-second answer. Asked whether the poor economy would cause Mr. McCain to cut his spending plans, Ms. Palin picked up on Mr. Biden's discussion of energy to criticize Mr. Obama's positions on energy and talk about her fights against oil companies in Alaska.
In response to a question about her views on an exit strategy in Iraq, Ms. Palin championed Mr. McCain's support for the “surge” of American troops there; hailed “a great American hero,” Gen. David H. Petraeus; and attacked Mr. Obama's Senate vote against federal financing for troops in Iraq, which Mr. Biden also once criticized.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After that, Mr. Biden turned to the moderator and said, “Gwen, with all due respect, I didn't hear a plan.”
“Your plan is a white flag of surrender in Iraq,” Ms. Palin shot back. “You guys opposed the surge, the surge works, Barack Obama still can't admit that the surge works.” (Mr. Obama has said in recent weeks that the surge had worked beyond most people's expectations.)
Fifty-five minutes into the debate, Mr. Biden seemed to lose his patience after Ms. Palin recalled, as she had a couple of times before, that Mr. Biden had praised Mr. McCain's views or actions in the past and added, “I respect you for acknowledging that.”
Mr. Biden replied by linking Mr. McCain with Mr. Bush more crisply than he had done previously in the debate.
“The issue is how different is John McCain's policy going to be than George Bush's,” Mr. Biden said. “I haven't heard how his policy is going to be different on Iran than George Bush's. I haven't heard how his policy is going to be different with Israel than George Bush's. I haven't heard how his policy in Afghanistan is going to be different than George Bush's. I haven't heard how his policy in Pakistan is going to be different than George Bush's.
“It may be, but so far it is the same as George Bush's.”
Mr. Biden also turned tougher in the final half-hour after Ms. Palin had, several times, referred to Mr. McCain as a “maverick.”
“He's not been a maverick when it comes to education — he has not supported tax cuts and significant changes for people being able to send their kids to college,” Mr. Biden said. “He's not been a maverick on the war. He's not been a maverick on virtually anything that generally affects the things that people really talk about.”
I recently got the opportunity to ask Madeleine 'Maddelisk' Leander some questions about being a woman in esports and about her hopes for the future.
This well-known Swedish zerg player who is often competing in female-only tournaments is currently studying at Stockholm University towards her PhD in mathematics, while preparing for the upcoming DreamHack Summer 2012 where she will play representing her team Absolute Legends.
So, How is it being a woman in a esport where there are mostly men who are at the top, and thus being noticed the most?
Maddelisk: Well I think the guys deserve even more attention, being a pro-gamer on a high level takes a lot of effort. Female players get a lot of attention because there are not so many of us, but I wish it was more about being skilled than anything else.
What is the biggest difficulties for girls starting out with SC2?﻿
Maddelisk: Hmm.. Microing zerlings while painting toe nails, or when the opponent takes the color that would match what you wear! Those are both tough in the beginning ;) Jokes aside, it's probably harder for girls since they typically have less friends playing, and are generally discouraged to play to an even larger extent than boys are.
What are your experiences as a female player within esports? Are there big differences in how women are being treated compared to men?﻿
Maddelisk:﻿ There are obviously more male pro-gamers than female ones, and evidently the guys are currently out-performing girls by quite a margin. But that might just be because there are simply more guys playing, I'm sure time will tell! I don't think it's a big deal being a girl playing among so many guys. Some people though, do seem to think so. Sure women are being treated differently, we get a lot more attention (whether we want it or not) since it's still not as common that girls are gaming.
I don't think it's any stranger than other people being noticed because of other differences. Idra for his temperament, najsmajz for being 12 years old and already quite skilled, or actionjesus for 6pooling every game. What matters is what we choose to do with the extra attention. Like I said, I try not to make too big a deal out of it.
Being a girl in the scene has a lot of pros and cons. I have decided to focus on the good things. For example I got the opportunity to join a good team just because I'm a girl and reasonably skilled. That has given me a lot. I get better practice, they send me to events, I meet a lot of great players thanks to this who gives me a lot of advice, help me practice and so on.
I know that there are people who dislike the fact that many teams are adding female players whose skill level doesn't match the rest of the team. But I don't think anyone blames me for taking such an opportunity. In all likelihood they would have done the same thing. Getting this extra attention also means I get a lot of people supporting me, thanks to all of you!!
Do you have more to prove as a woman?﻿
Maddelisk:﻿ I don't feel I have more to prove. I try to improve as a player and that's it. It might be the other way around though, since some people don't expect girls to be any good haha :-)
Some feel that women-only-tournaments are not really needed and are being done just as a PR-thing, what is your opinion on this?
Maddelisk: People need to realize that every tournament is a PR-thing. Advertisement space is being sold, and the players are the reason sponsors are willing to pay, since they attract viewers. Whether it's good or bad that people pay extra attention to girls that are gaming is another question. As long as they do however, I can see the reason for there being separate tournaments.
In a way I wish all tournaments were for everyone. But I do think female tournaments are a great way to encourage female players and for them to meet and play together since female players are underrepresented to say the least. I think the female community makes more girls want to play over all and the female cups are a part of it. There's a lot of talk about e-sports becoming mainstream, and I think if the gaming population were more representative of the population as a whole, that would probably help.
Which tournament would you most like to go to the finals in?
Maddelisk: MLG or DreamHack. Winning code S would be the coolest though.
And which player would you most like to meet in that final?
Maddelisk: GLSnute.
Any change or improvement you would like to see in the StarCraft2 esports scene?
Maddelisk: I think we'd all like to see the scene growing larger, and become as common as any other sport. It seems to me as if that is happening slowly, so I guess it comes with time.
This is all pretty new to me, and I was a bit surprised about the big community around gaming when I first started playing. I think it's amazing how many people are involved and are trying to make it better. One of the downsides is that being a pro-gamer is not as accepted as having a "regular" job, and also the salaries are a lot lower. But I hope and think that it will change in the future, as the public becomes more aware of the phenomenon.
I'd say we have a lot to gain if starcraft was more available to people who don't play, or don't play as much. I wish I could tell you how to make this happen :)
Now that the old brood war pro-gamers are being introduced to StarCraft2, how do you think they will do?
Maddelisk: I don't know much about BW, since I hated computer games back then :P But from what I have heard about Flash, Bisu and Jaedong they are really really good players. And I am looking forward to watching them play SC2 on high levels. My guess is that they will all be top players. A huge part of the skill-set is obviously transferable, and a player with real good mechanics in SC:BW should be able to develop that in SC2 as well.
And to the mandatory question: How does the future look like for MaddeLisk?
Maddelisk: My plan is to continue both with my PhD and with playing SC2, I wish I had more time tho :) I will practice really hard and try to get to the top. Being "good for a girl" is not good enough for me. My next big event will be DH summer, and it's gonna be awesome and I hope I can do well.
And lastly, anything you would like to add?
Maddelisk: Thanks to my team Absolute Legends and our sponsors Razer, Twitch, Special Tech, CacheFly, Bigpoint, GameGear and Teamspeak. I would also like to thank my friends and my family for the support. It really means a lot to me!﻿
Though this film came out four years ago, I kept putting it off because its intimidating runtime (2 hr 40 mins) and genre (romance) made me hesitant, no matter who the director was. I'm of the opinion that a romance film shouldn't last more than two hours. However, the film turned out to be a pleasant surprise. Whatever I usually dread seeing in a romance film was nearly absent. This is unlike any other love story made so far in Indian cinema. Its beauty lies in its simplicity. It's one of the most realistic, romantic and poignant films ever made.
The most impressive — and relieving — thing about it is that it takes an hour to set up the love story between its two leads, Fahad Faasil's Rasool and Andrea Jeremiah's Anna. Now you're left with 1 hr 40 mins to find out how this love story progresses. Perfect. The whole thing is a phase of Rasool's life remembered by his best friend Ashley (Sunny Wayne). It's the latter who narrates his story; thankfully, the narration is kept to a minimum. Ashley finds Rasool's story relatable because something similar had happened to him once. We learn more about this in the third act.
Ravi let the images speak for themselves. In the first hour, he gives us a real sense of the place (a beautifully shot Kochi), Rasool's work (driving a taxi) and his friends (one of them is an irritable thug). Rasool has a brother (played by director Aashiq Abu) who is awaiting the approval of his passport so that he can go to the Gulf to find some work. But he is constantly hassled by the police due to a small criminal record. Rasool, on the other hand, is a guileless character and Fahad does it brilliantly. When his friends get involved in gang fights, he tries to stay away from it. But his association with them always puts him in trouble.
However, he shows no fear in other matters, like stalking Anna relentlessly. Looks are exchanged several times (these moments are super adorable). Anna is an extreme introvert and says very little. This is undoubtedly Andrea's best role so far and the minimal dialogues work to her advantage. When Rasool finally musters up the courage to tell her that he likes her, he doesn't get an easy answer. The fact that they belong to different religions doesn't bother him as much as it does her. He isn't willing to convert and doesn't want her to either. The actual conflict doesn't so much arise from their religious differences as the company he keeps. And the newfound courage his love has given him makes things much more volatile.
While this is predominantly a love story, there are themes in it that show up in Ravi's later films as well. And because of this, the three films he has made so far feel like they all belong to one piece. Even though Rasool never participates in any crime, his friends' occasional involvement in odd jobs of a criminal nature significantly alters his life as well. The unanticipated violence threatens to derail everything at any moment. In Ravi's second film, Njan Steve Lopez, a college student's life becomes fraught with peril after witnessing a sudden act of violence. And Ravi's third film Kammattipadam is about a young man whose profession requires him to commit violence. One can see a trilogy of sorts here.
Advertisements
Release
After a year of development and 2905 commits since version 2.4.3 we are finally on the brink of releasing the best django CMS ever.
Today we are releasing django CMS 3.0 release candidate 1.
What has changed since beta 3?
we finally have custom user model support (special thanks to Tim Anderegg, Stefan Foulis and David Lee)
added caching of CMS pages & placeholders, speeding up the whole cms significantly
we added page types. Save any page as a page type and when you create a new page you may select a page type.
removed the plugin DB-name magic with a compatibility layer for older plugins
added ability to detect URL changes of currently-viewed objects so we can redirect if this object is edited via toolbar
added a signal (urls_need_reloading) that fires when an apphook is added or changed.
the page tree has seen a major overhaul (thanks to Angelo Dini)
removed all plugins from core; they now live their independent lives as separate projects on GitHub
completely rewrote the tutorial (thanks to Kim Thoenen)
created a djangocms-installer app that should get you up and running quickly (thanks to Iacopo Spalletti)
lots and lots of bugfixes (over 150 tickets since beta3)
What we now need from the community
Give the RC1 a testdrive:
Quick Upgrade Guide: http://docs.django-cms.org/en/develop/upgrade/3.0.html#upgrading-from-2-4
Full Upgrade Guide: http://docs.django-cms.org/en/develop/upgrade/3.0.html
Try out the new django CMS Installer (still beta):
djangocms-installer: https://github.com/nephila/djangocms-installer
$ pip install --upgrade virtualenv $ virtualenv env $ source env/bin/activate (env) $ pip install djangocms-installer (env) $ djangocms -p . my_demo
Go through the new tutorial:
https://github.com/divio/django-cms-tutorial/
Have a look on transifex and make sure your language is translated completely:
https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/django-cms/
We translated over 20'000 strings last month.
django CMS 3.0 final
If we don't find any major bugs in the coming weeks, we will head towards the final release.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
During the past 40 years, accounting for inflation, we have nearly tripled the amount of money we spend per student in public K-12 education. It was roughly $4,000 in 1971, and last year amounted to $11,000 per student. Over that same period time, our students' math and verbal test scores have remained unchanged. I am no Warren Buffett, but I can comfortably say to you that that is a lousy return on investment.
advertisement
advertisement
This piece is part of a Collaborative Fund-curated series on creativity and values written by thought leaders in the for-profit, for-good business space. In an increasingly competitive world, it is clear that our education system–as currently designed–isn't sustainable. Simply throwing more money at a system that produces the same results is, well, not smart. Yet, I'm optimistic about our K-12 schools. In a perverse way, I believe federal and state budget cuts will help focus us on doing things differently and more efficiently. And while I don't wish an underfunded and failing school on anyone, necessity is the mother of innovation. That is why I am optimistic about the ed tech revolution that is quietly happening in the background of all the political rhetoric about unions, teacher evaluations, and test scores. Similar to the consumer tech revolution, this ed tech revolution will take some time and happen unevenly in waves. It will occur both at school and at home. And while the blogosphere is littered with the pages of people incorrectly predicting the future of technology use, I still think it a worthwhile thought experiment to project how this revolution may play out. Here is how I think it might happen: First Wave (0 to 5 years from now): A Change in Perception At School: In spite of all the media coverage about seniority-based firing decisions, the teaching work force is actually getting younger. According to National Center for Education Information, a full 30% of public teachers are now under the age of 30. This percentage has doubled over the last five years. Why does this matter? Every teacher under 30 years old entered secondary school after Netscape. Like pre- and post-TV generations, the pre- and post-Netscape generations think and act differently. They assume that the web is a part of their daily lives and integrate it into their daily routines without giving it much of a thought. This first phase of the revolution will see teachers become more efficient in their jobs by adopting web-based tools. While teaching can be a very rewarding profession, it can also be grueling. Teachers are asked to do things that take more hours than there are in a day. Much of what they are being asked to do is clerical work that can be automated away with good software tools. Ed tech startup companies are stepping in to supply this set of productivity tools. Teachers are asked to do things that take more hours than there are in a day. Teachers, especially younger, more tech-savvy teachers, are adopting these tools that make their days more efficient so they can spend more time teaching or preparing to teach. They are downloading these products from the Internet, integrating them into their routines, and freeing up time in order to be better at their profession.
advertisement
At Imagine K12, the edtech incubator where I work, we have seen several examples of this already. Companies such as ClassDojo, Remind 101, Socrative, and Educreations have achieved widespread classroom adoption by distributing their products online to teachers for free. By making easy-to-use software that saves teachers' time, they have found their way into 100,000s of classrooms and have a legion of devoted followers. And they have done this without a visit to a school district office or permission from the superintendent or the teachers' union. Editor's Note These math teachers feel a little different about the Khan Academy. Watch their amusing commentary video. At Home: The Khan Academy has brought the notion of self-paced learning outside of the classroom to the mainstream. Even my 68-year-old mother knows about Khan Academy. No longer will the computer at home be viewed simply as a device for games and communication needing regulation by parents. It will now also be seen as a device for learning inextricably tied to a child's education. This small but important change in perception about the computer at home is a precondition for the second wave. Second Wave (5 to 10 years from now): A Change in Purchasing an Empowerment At School: Once web-based software becomes commonplace in the classroom, new distribution channels for selling into schools become possible. Currently, the only way to sell a product into a classroom is through a visit to the school district's office. In this “tops-down” process, the purchaser of the product (superintendent) is rarely the user of the product (teachers). At best, it is an extremely inefficient sales process. Most superintendents spend a lot of time soliciting input from teachers in order to know what they need for the classroom. Once they purchase a product, the superintendent then becomes an internal sales agent selling it down to the teachers that have to use it. In this second wave, a more efficient “bottoms-up” sales channel becomes possible. When dozens of teachers in a school district are using the free version of a web-based product, it's clear that the product is effective and necessary. The superintendent will no longer need to solicit teachers' input to know what they want and need. It is exactly how Yammer is changing the enterprise sales process. Superintendents no longer have to investigate what teachers want, nor do they have to “sell it internally” once it is purchased. This new bottoms-up channel makes the their jobs easier and their teachers more productive. The best products, rather than the best sales forces, will begin to win the day. The best products, rather than the best sales forces, will begin to win the day. Once the effectiveness of this bottoms-up channel becomes apparent, superintendents will begin to transfer some purchasing power directly to teachers. Currently teachers have no purchasing power save their own pocket books. Different teaching styles and different learning styles necessitate different classroom tools. Not every teacher will want to use the same tools. Consequently, superintendents will give individual teachers small online budgets (less than $500 per year) from which to purchase their own products and tools. A handful of companies, like EdShelf, are currently building the infrastructure necessary for this change to take place.
advertisement
This new teacher purchasing power will be exercised at online stores like Apple's App Store, Edmodo's App Store, and EdShelf. Once established, these new stores will act as distribution channels for new educational products. Small software companies will be able to develop great, low-cost products and offer them to individual teachers at a tiny fraction of what is currently sold by big “vertically integrated” publishing companies to the districts for all their classrooms. Small companies with great ideas will thrive in this environment and the number and diversity of educational products will explode. Again, the best and most effective products will win the day. At Home: Online assessments, marketed to parents and organized around the Common Core curriculum, will become widely available online. Parents will be empowered to evaluate their child's progress with these assessments. It will be a natural transition for parents to begin using the computer to assess their child's progress once parents view the computer differently. Parents will no longer be beholden to the quarterly report cards, or the even more infrequent parent-teacher conferences, to find out how their child is doing. Parents will no longer be beholden to the quarterly report cards, or the even more infrequent parent-teacher conferences, to find out how their child is doing. Helping to drive this change is the USDOE's RTT mandate of states having year-end assessments transition from offline to online by the 2014-15 school year. Ed tech companies are building products now for our school systems in anticipation of this transition. Once the year-end summative assessments are up and running for the school systems, it will be easy for these assessment companies to offer a scaled-down version of these assessments directly to parents. Further supporting the empowerment of parents is the Common Core curriculum. This common assessment standard establishes a language that bridges the chasm between school and home. Parents can more effectively communicate their concerns to teachers using this common framework. My wife is a physician, and I remember very clearly the effect that the Internet first had on her profession. Patients would come to appointments “armed” with information gathered from various websites. As my wife will tell you, not all of it was good: There is bad information on the web and a patient often lacks the ability to correctly assess symptoms. But for the first time, patients felt empowered concerning their diagnosis and prescription. Patients no longer were required to have blind faith in their physician, and the doctor-patient relationship has been changed forever for the better. The same thing will hold true from parents, teachers, and the education of a child. In the beginning, this transition will be bumpy just like it was for doctors and patients. As with doctors, teachers will bear the time-consuming brunt of this change initially. But ultimately, it will be a positive change where everyone wins. A more empowered and, consequently, more engaged, parent will lead to better student outcomes.
advertisement
Third Wave (10 to 15 years from now): A Change in Process After a decade more of fiscal pressure at school and many of the changes discussed above, we will finally see widespread changes to our public school model. Schools will move toward one of a handful of models that better support the needs of individual students and reflect the fiscal realities of today. High schools, and maybe even middle schools, will begin to operate less like factories and more like colleges. More specifically, public schools will look to save money by moving away from their traditional age-based and grade-based system (i.e. the “factory model”) toward one based on mastery. Kids will be able to test out of certain classes by proving competency. High schools, and maybe even middle schools, will begin to operate less like factories and more like colleges. A lot of these new models exist today. They are largely being pioneered in the charter school community, but not exclusively. Two of the most exciting new models in recent years are the School of One and Quest to Learn. Both of these operate inside of the New York City school system. Supporting all of these new models will be the maturing technology of adaptive learning–software that adapts to the individual student's need. Companies today, such as Junyo and Knewton, are off to a great start and will have another decade of experience analyzing data, perfecting algorithms, and proving efficacy. They will see wide-scale adoption in and outside of the classroom. They will make self-paced learning even better, saving students time and schools money. Furthermore, where learning at school ends and where learning outside to school begins will start to blur. The ubiquitous access to high-quality learning resources online will make learning a continuous process driven much more by the motivation of the student than by the dictates of a time-based school schedule. This is my best stab at how and when the Ed Tech revolution will occur.
advertisement
Most disappointing to me in this projection is the long timeframe likely required to see substantial change. Fifteen years is an entire generation of students! It is difficult to accept the idea that change will take that long while we are failing so many students. But there is no silver bullet for fixing our K-12 system. At Imagine K12, we are trying to compress the timeframe by investing in early stage ed tech companies and helping them launch. Most exciting to me in this revolution is the movement away from the factory model of education and towards something more individually customized to each student and more cost efficient. Technology helps make this possible. We will fail fewer students because they will be more engaged, and we will lose fewer teachers to frustration. And that is an investment worth making.
Sajid Tarar, founder of Muslims for Trump, at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland on July 19. (Jim Young/Reuters)
For months, the Trump campaign has been nurturing a set of outside groups that purport to represent Muslim Americans who support Donald Trump for president. These groups kicked into high gear last week to join the attack on the parents of Army Capt. Humayun Khan, to give the Trump campaign the appearance of Muslim support.
Ever since Khizr Khan, the father of the fallen soldier, harshly criticized Trump onstage at the Democratic National Convention last week, several organizations claiming to represent pro-Trump Muslim Americans have accused Khan of being linked to Islamic groups they say have an anti-American agenda. The chief attack group is called the American-Mideast Coalition for Trump, which was established in March with the help of Walid Phares, a Lebanese Christian who serves as Trump's top Middle East adviser.
Khan rather than attacking the radical islamic terrorists who killed his son, he is after Trump? Wrong move by CAIR https://t.co/AV0B0wWJzi — amctrump (@amctrump) July 31, 2016
The group AMC Trump is referring to is the Council on American-Islamic Relations, a Washington-based advocacy group.
CAIR is leveraging the whole situation and using Cap Khan's death for its Radical ideology against the USA. https://t.co/2bIrdZjpyT — amctrump (@amctrump) July 31, 2016
AMC Trump never explained how CAIR was connected to the Khan family's comments about Trump, but Phares and CAIR have been attacking each other publicly for many years. Groups including CAIR have publicly criticized Phares since 2012, when he worked on Mitt Romney's campaign advisory staff, for his past ties to Lebanese Christian militias.
For its part, CAIR denied any connection to Khan's speech. “As much as we would like to claim credit for such a powerful speech as by Mr. Khan at the DNC, we had nothing to do with it,” said CAIR National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper. “These Islamophobes blame us for everything, including the kidnapping of the Lindbergh baby. It really gets to be a bit ridiculous at times.”
A large part of AMC Trump's previous activity has been centered around promoting Phares's views and defending him from various attacks. The staff of AMC Trump is filled with what one Trump adviser told me are Phares's “buddies.” They include Tom Harb, who has worked with Phares for years, and John Hajjar, who has been defending Phares on the AMC Trump website and in interviews.
In June, Hajjar said that Phares was the target of attacks by the Muslim Brotherhood and the Iranian regime, but claimed “the silent majority backs him.” This week, Trump friend Roger Stone tweeted that Khan was a “Muslim Brotherhood agent helping Hillary” and linked to a Middle East Christian conspiracy website. Phares has often accused Obama and Clinton of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood.
Pro-Trump Muslim figures have been echoing the Trump campaign's attacks on the Khan family on the airwaves as well. Sunday on CNN, Sajid Tarar, the founder of a group called Muslims for Trump, defended Trump for attacking Humayun Kahn's mother, Ghazala Khan. Trump speculated on Twitter that she wasn't permitted to speak at the convention. Ghalaza Khan refuted that speculation in a Post op-ed.
“He didn't know her medical conditions, and if she was that sick, why they brought her on to the stage to begin with?” said Tarar. “All these liberals are so panicked, and this is the sign of panic and that is what's going on.”
Several other Muslim American leaders I spoke with said that groups such as AMC Trump and Muslims for Trump represent only a tiny fraction of Muslim Americans and are misrepresenting Trump's level of support in the Muslim American community.
“They represent themselves and a few of their powerful buddies. They are used as cultural validators by right-wing demagogues to promote their anti-Muslim talking points,” said Wajahat Ali, a prominent journalist formerly with Al Jazeera. “They suggest sharia law is a threat to America and say the radical Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated the administration and the White House. They are essentially trying to demonize and marginalize any mainstream American Muslim group that emerges in the spotlight.”
Phares did not respond to my request for comment, but I spoke with AMC Trump member Hossein Khorram in Cleveland. He told me that Phares invited several members of the group to Washington in June for a meeting with him and several other top Trump campaign foreign policy advisers, including retired Rear Adm. Charles Kubic.
The group has about 100 members, Khorram claimed, including Iranians, Syrians, Iraqis, Lebanese and Turks. He said many Muslims support Trump's plan to curb immigration from countries affected by terrorism, which is an adjustment from Trump's original call for a total ban on Muslims entering the United States.
“I don't mind, because I want to live. I don't want terrorists here. That's the way I look at it,” he said. “We are working very closely with Trump advisers to develop a process of vetting, and vetting doesn't necessarily end when people come to this country.”
For pro-Trump Muslims, Trump's commitment to fight the Islamic State and his criticism of President Obama and Hillary Clinton are enough for them to overlook some of his more inflammatory, seemingly anti-Muslim statements.
“He's not the sweetest in the way he talks, and he leaves himself vulnerable, but he shows authenticity, he shows he cares, and he thinks outside the box. That's what has inspired us,” said Khorram. “Muslim people need to wake up and understand that we have not done our job.”
Mouaz Moustafa, executive director of the Syrian Emergency Task Force, a U.S.-based nongovernmental organization that supports the Syrian opposition, told me that the pro-Trump Muslim group leaders have no real standing in the Muslim American community.
“What is clear is that the individuals making up these groups by no means represent Muslim Americans,” he said. “I have yet to meet an American Muslim in support of a Muslim ban, and all Americans have seen how outrageous it is for Mr. Trump to attack the mother of an American hero who sacrificed his life for his country.”
There has always been a small minority of Muslim and Middle Eastern Christian activists in the United States who support the right-wing agenda. But in supporting Trump's attack on a Gold Star family, these figures risk further marginalizing themselves and sacrificing their already shaky credibility.
The problem with much Christian worship in the contemporary world, Catholic and Protestant alike, is not that it is too entertaining but that it is not entertaining enough. Worship characterized by upbeat rock music, stand-up comedy, beautiful people taking center stage, and a certain amount of Hallmark Channel sentimentality neglects one classic form of entertainment, the one that tells us, to quote the Book of Common Prayer , that in the midst of life we are in death.
It neglects tragedy. Tragedy as a form of art and of entertainment highlighted death, and death is central to true Christian worship. The most basic liturgical elements of the faith, baptism and the Lords Supper, speak of death, of burial, of a covenant made in blood, of a body broken. Even the cry Jesus is Lord! assumes an understanding of lordship very different than Caesars. Christs lordship is established by his sacrifice upon the cross, Caesars by power . . . . Continue Reading »
The first “Hobbit” film is expected to be released in mid-December 2012, the second a year later. Mr. Jackson has said he can direct the films only if those release dates can be met.
It remained unclear how Warner and MGM planned to apportion the financing of the project. They have owned it in a 50-50 arrangement, but by longstanding agreement, New Line has been in charge of production decisions, subject to some approvals by MGM.
Under several possible financing options that were considered, Warner was expected to put up all or most of the cash — Mr. Jackson has vaguely pegged the investment in the hundreds of millions of dollars in a public statement — either by lending money to MGM or buying out its interest, perhaps leaving it with a royalty or other payments. MGM's rights have included foreign distribution of the film, and as recently as this week questions remained about how that would ultimately be handled.
Photo
Press officials for MGM, Warner, New Line and Mr. Jackson all declined to comment.
As Warner and MGM tried for months to reach terms, they were stalled by Warner's fear of shouldering disproportionate risk while giving Warner's partner too large a stake in possible success, and by the difficulty of persuading MGM's myriad creditors to sign off on a deal even as they were trying to find a buyer or otherwise retool the studio. With more than $4 billion in debt, MGM has virtually ceased operating, and it faces the possibility of a bankruptcy proceeding as part of a reorganization that some of its stakeholders are now predicting may come by January.
Over the last week, Mr. Jackson and his fellow producers issued a casting call for undersize performers to play roles as hobbits in New Zealand, even as a union dispute threatened to derail the production before it had a green light.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A New Zealand union backed by Australia's Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance has sought to represent actors on the “Hobbit” films, and a coalition of international unions, including the Screen Actors Guild, advised members not to work on the movies because of the dispute. But New Zealand officials this week advised the producers that they could not legally bargain with its actors collectively under the country's law, which restricts such dealings with independent contractors.
Warner, New Line and MGM said publicly that they would consider moving the films to another location, perhaps in Eastern Europe, if the dispute was not resolved. People involved with the films said Friday that they expected a resolution to the union dispute imminently.
Officials for the Screen Actors Guild and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists declined to comment, and a spokesman for the Australian alliance did not respond to an e-mail query.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Roger Birnbaum and Gary Barber, partners in Spyglass Entertainment, who have already agreed in principal to manage MGM if its restructuring can be completed, were instrumental in getting the “Hobbit” deal on track.
Within Warner, a long-awaited deal to begin the “Hobbit” films would be a coup for Kevin Tsujihara, the home video president who has been negotiating for MGM, and for Toby Emmerich, the New Line president who oversaw reorganization of his studio after it was absorbed into Warner Brothers.
Mr. Tsujihara has been deeply involved in MGM's financial drama, as the Warner executive who organized a $1.5 billion bid to acquire MGM. He was recently named to the studio's newly created office of the president, along with Jeff Robinov, the movie group chief, and Bruce Rosenblum, the president of the television group.
It has been nearly seven years since the release of “The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King,” which was the last of three films in the “Rings” cycle. Mr. Jackson directed the movie, which took in about $1.1 billion at the worldwide box office and swept a clutch of Oscars, including one for best picture, in 2004.
Nordic countries sign defence cooperation agreement aimed at Russia
By Jordan Shilton
16 April 2015
The five Nordic countries, NATO members Norway, Denmark and Iceland, and non-NATO members Sweden and Finland, announced a new defence cooperation agreement last week aimed explicitly at confronting Russia.
The deal will see expanded military exercises in the region, intensified collaboration on the production of military equipment, and a more extensive sharing of intelligence between the countries.
Russia responded angrily to the Nordic defence deal. The foreign ministry's website declared Sunday “Nordic defence co-operation … has begun to be directed against Russia in a way that could undermine the positive engagement accumulated over the past decade.”
The agreement was announced in a joint statement published in the Norwegian daily Aftenposten by the defence ministers of Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, and Iceland's foreign minister. The statement opened by repeating the propaganda of the US and its imperialist allies that Russian aggression triggered the Ukraine crisis, declaring, “The Russian aggression against Ukraine and the illegal annexation of Crimea are violations of international law and other international agreements. Russia's conduct represents the gravest challenge to European security. As a consequence, the security situation in the Nordic countries' adjacent areas has become significantly worsened during the past year.”
The claim that the move is a response to Russian aggression is thoroughly dishonest. The reality is that, with the full backing of US imperialism, the Nordic countries are committing themselves to transforming the region into yet another area of potential conflict with Moscow.
The text of the agreement makes this clear when it asserts that a key aim of the stepped up military cooperation would be defending the sovereignty of the three Baltic republics. This echoes the declaration of US President Barack Obama, who stated during a trip to Estonia last year that NATO had an eternal commitment to defend the Baltic republics.
The ministers wrote, “Russia is undertaking huge economic investments in its military capability. The nation's leaders has [sic] shown that they are prepared to make practical and effective use of military means in order to reach their political goals, even when this involves violating principles of international law… The Russian military are acting in a challenging way along our borders, and there have been several infringes on the borders of the Baltic nations.”
It did not help the ministers' case that Sweden has now been forced to admit that the alleged incursion into Swedish waters by a Russian submarine last autumn was in fact nothing more than a workboat.
Russian press reports Saturday cited Swedish Rear Admiral Anders Grenstad telling the Swedish TT news agency that there was no submarine and that the Swedish Navy changed the wording from “probable submarine” to “non-submarine” when referring to the massive search mission lasting one week and involving over 200 troops, helicopters, stealth ships and minesweepers to search the Baltic Sea.
The latest defence agreement is just one part of broader moves to integrate Sweden and Finland more closely into the US-led NATO military alliance. Norway, Denmark and Iceland were all founding members of the alliance when it was created in 1949. Helsinki and Stockholm have officially maintained their distance and remain non-members.
Finland shares a 1,000-kilometre border with Russia and has extensive trading relations. Moreover, there is wide public hostility to joining NATO in both countries. With an eye to parliamentary elections taking place next weekend, Carl Haglund, Finland's foreign minister, told public broadcaster YLE, “In my opinion this Nordic security cooperation is one thing and NATO membership is a totally different matter.”
In practice, however, the Swedish and Finnish militaries are increasingly integrated into NATO operations. Both countries are members of the NATO Partnership for Peace initiative, which also includes Ukraine. They regularly participate in NATO operations, including a major exercise in the Baltic in late 2013, “Steadfast Jazz,” that involved thousands of military personnel, ships and aircraft mobilising across Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
All of the military exercises to be conducted under the deal are to conform to NATO standards, which many see as the preparation for full membership. The first, Arctic Challenge, is to take place at the end of May in Norway and Sweden. A large contingent of US F16 fighters based in the UK is expected to be involved.
The defence agreement coincided with a major NATO naval operation off the coast of Scotland, scheduled to run over two weeks. Britain's Royal Navy led a fleet of 55 warships, 70 aircraft and 13,000 sailors in operations including submarine tracking and amphibious landings. Warships from the US and Canada are involved. While these particular exercises occur twice annually, this will be the largest operation to date.
The latest move has been prepared in discussions involving the leading European imperialist powers. A meeting last November in Oslo, Norway, saw representatives from twelve countries come together, among them British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon and Germany's ambassador to Norway Dr. Axel Berg. Also attended by the defence ministers of the three Baltic republics, the talks agreed to expand the access of Norwegian, Swedish and Finnish fighter planes to all Nordic airspace for weekly joint training missions.
Referring to the NATO summit last September, where it was agreed to establish a rapid response force together with a massive military build-up in Eastern Europe, Norwegian Defence Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide stated that “resolve and firmness” would be required in the region.
States “emerging from conflict” would be helped to participate in international military exercises in conjunction with NATO, as well as in reforming their defence sectors with NATO or EU assistance.
As the largest Nordic nation, Sweden is playing a critical role in the new military plans. Having long ago abandoned its formal neutrality with its participation in the Afghanistan conflict, followed by its sending of Saab Gripen fighter jets to take part in the Libyan war in 2011, it has emerged ever more openly as a military ally of US imperialism.
Sweden is currently leading the Nordic defence cooperation operations, and is also the leader of the Nordic Battle Group, a European Union unit.
Since coming to power last September, the Social Democrat-Green Party coalition in Stockholm has stepped up the aggressive anti-Russian policy of its right-wing predecessor.
As well as initiating last autumn's “submarine search”, the government also continues to seize on alleged incursions of Russian aircraft into Swedish airspace to justify a military build-up.
The previous government announced massive spending increases for the defence budget over the coming decade, and the Social Democrats and Greens have vowed to continue this policy.
The day before the Nordic defence agreement was unveiled, Stockholm confirmed plans to send up to 120 military personnel to northern Iraq as part of the US-led war against ISIS. Although the troops are officially in the country to provide training to Kurdish forces and offer “advise and assist” support, such claims have been used by other countries whose military forces have ended up in frontline combat activity. The Swedish contingent will be under the command of the US military.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
As illegal poaching escalates in national parks from Selous to Ruaha, officials attempt to silence the crisis and many fear Serengeti herds will be next
For tour guides in Tanzania, the results of a continental elephant census showing that the country had lost two-thirds of its herd in five years and become Africa's ivory trading hub came as no surprise.
They'd tried to prevent tourists from seeing the melting skins and drying bones littering the Selous ecosystem in southern Tanzania for years. But they couldn't mask the shots heard from safari camps in a reserve once known as “the elephant capital of the world”. Last year it was named in the journal Science as Africa's poaching hotspot, and a Unesco world heritage in danger site.
“When you hear the gunshots next to the camp, you know that they're [elephants] being finished,” said one safari guide in Tanzania's commercial capital, Dar es Salaam, who spoke on condition of anonymity. As people cried foul over Cecil, a 13-year-old lion shot to fame by a holidaying Minnesotan dentist in Zimbabwe, the slaughter of five elephants by Tanzanian poachers in Kenya's Tsavo park passed almost silently.
In Tanzania, it is not hunters who can freely take home trophy elephants, but illegal poachers, who have decimated herds in the Selous. Leaving behind mainly baby elephants waiting for tusks, they've followed disappointed safari-goers to Ruaha, Tanzania's second greatest pachyderm-heavy area. “At every camp in Ruaha we've either heard shots, seen poachers or elephant carcasses,” with the latter even spotted at the park gates that ivory flows out of on the back of motorbikes, in ambulances and on public buses, said the guide.
Sirili Akko, executive secretary of Tanzania's Association of Tour Operators said: “We have to create international pressure on the countries which are defined to be the market for the ivory and other wildlife products, as now, the lions are going the same way.”
Like Tanzania's huge trade in heroin, that floods its shores in small boats, ivory is a “syndicated business”, Akko says, made up of “untouchables” that can't be named.
Tanzania's home affairs minister says that exports are falling as police crack down on the trade, but admits that rampant corruption means many “close their eyes when they should keep them open”.
Last month, the European Union banned the import of hunting trophies from Tanzania as stock and quotas could not be verified, while president Barack Obama practically banned ivory sales in the US.
But in Tanzania, where tourism is the biggest foreign exchange earner, bringing in around $2bn (£1.3bn) a year, officials have tried to stymie negative reports about plummeting elephant populations. Past claims that there aren't enough bodies for the mass murders calculated by experts, have resurfaced to try to bury an issue.
“These counts have been done scrupulously,” says conservationist Iain Douglas Hamilton, who did the first aerial count in 1976.
His methods are still being used today. But while he was counting Tanzania's “boundless elephants”, today's pilots are navigating “a bloodbath for elephants”.
In 2014, Tanzania's national parks (Tanapa) denied allegations of increased poaching in Ruaha and threatened a local NGO over poor protection claims.
That same year, Ruaha's elephant numbers reportedly tumbled by 60% from 20,000 to 8,200. The government has demanded a recount.
British safari guide Paul Ticker, who lives at the gateway to Rungwa-Ruaha's parks says that its elephants are “clamouring together” in the area that tourists visit – roughly 2% of the reserves.
“They're all there and they're hugely stressed”, he says.
Forced into dysfunctional families and early adulthood because of the lack of older male tuskers, Ticker says that young bulls in Ruaha are hitting “musth” early and trying to mate. Others are showing distress through “temporal streaming” – weeping from a gland at the side of their heads – or by destroying habitats.
In 2012, intelligence sources gave Tanzania's president, Jakaya Kikwete, a list of high-profile business people and politicians involved in the poaching. But it has quietly vanished.
In 2013, Khamis Kagasheki, minister for natural resources and tourism, named four ruling-party MPs linked to poaching and spoke of “rich people and politicians who have formed a very sophisticated network”.
He was fired after a military campaign to stop poaching – which Kikwete announced at a London summit of more than 40 countries held last year in London on wildlife crime – was mired in human rights abuses.
Meanwhile, “the Chinese are really moving in” to Ruaha, says one local conservationist, who thinks that trade in lion teeth and claws is roaring “but hasn't really hit the radar yet”.
Many fear that poachers will move to Tanzania's renowned Serengeti next, where inaccessibility has allowed elephant numbers to increase in recent years.
A deal to evict over 40,000 Maasai to make way for a paved highway through paradise and a private hunting ground for UAE royalty was halted.
But as international protest focuses on well-known parks or famous lions, new laws in Tanzania criminalising the publication of embarrassing numbers ahead of October's elections could further silence the slaughter of Tanzania's elephants.
Marquette and Steve Wojciechowski added another consensus top-100 recruit on Friday when Floridian Haanif Cheatham verbally committed to the Golden Eagles.
“Marquette really stood out to me,” Cheatham said. “Coach Wojo really showed love from day one. Since then I really felt the connection from Coach Wojo and Marquette University.”
Cheatham, the 51st-ranked high schooler on 247 Sports, breezes across the court with balance and headiness and holds the ability to slash to the hoop or shoot an accurate pass to cutting or open teammates. At 6-5, 185 pounds, he possesses a size advantage over many shooting guards, although he's projected as more of a wing once he adds bulk to his frame. As a former point guard, Cheatham handles himself on the court with superior court vision and passing ability, allowing himself to showcase his advanced basketball IQ and categorize himself as a trustworthy, team-oriented player whose impact stretches far beyond game-to-game statistics.
Below is Cheatham's highlight tape from the Nike Global Challenge over the summer, first linked in the Paint Touches article covering his commitment.
Haanif (pronounced Hah-neef) catalyzed his stock during the summer recruiting period, utilizing his talents to draw scholarship offers from multiple prestigious basketball programs, including Georgetown, California, Tennessee, Alabama, Kansas State, Miami, and others. Overwhelming attention from Marquette's Coach Wojo and his assistant Brett Nelson (a former All-American at Florida) pushed the Golden Eagles into his final list of three schools, alongside Georgetown and California. However, many signs had indicated that Cheatham intended to take his talents to Marquette from months before his decision, a notion culminated in 18 of 18 predictions pointing in the Golden Eagles' direction on 247 Sports' Crystal Ball feature.
Cheatham's commitment adds to an impressive 2015 recruiting class that includes in-state recruits Matt Heldt (ranked as low as 130th on 247 and as high as 56th on Scout's recent rankings update) and Nick Noskowiak (72nd on 247, 89th on Scout). Coach Wojo has also picked up two transfers in Minnesota's Wally Ellenson and Loyola Marymount's Gabe Levin, whose eligibilities begin in the 2015-2016 season. The Marquette coaching staff hopes to fill their last available scholarship with Rice Lake's (WI) Henry Ellenson, a consensus top-20 recruit (and 5th-ranked prospect on ESPN). Ellenson's top three schools list includes Kentucky, Michigan State, and the Golden Eagles, and he has visits scheduled for Marquette on September 26th and for the Spartans on the 20th. Should Ellenson commit to Marquette, Coach Wojo's first recruiting class would move from 10th to 2nd in the nation, according to 247 Sports' Jerry Meyer.
Welcome to Marquette Nation – a blog and Twitter feed of all things Marquette basketball. Follow us on Twitter at @mubbnation for live updates on recruiting, games, facts, and the occasional opinion. For inquiries, contact us at mubb.nation@gmail.com. Our email is flooded with Twitter notifications, however, so just tag us in a tweet or something, okay?
Advertisements
Immediately following President Donald Trump's unchained, rambling, off-the-cuff Phoenix rally speech where he railed endlessly against the media, took not-so-veiled shots at Arizona lawmakers, and hinted that he'd be pardoning Joe Arpaio soon enough, CNN anchor Don Lemon unleashed on the President of the United States.
Well, what do you say to that?” Lemon noted. “I'm just going to speak from the heart here. What we witnessed is a total eclipse of the facts.”
Stating that Trump had “lied directly to the American people,” and attempted to “rewire history” around his Charlottesville response, the CNN host pulled no punches with his observation of the speech.
“He's unhinged,” Lemon declared. “It's embarrassing and I don't mean for us the media because he went after us, but for the country.”
And he was not done.
“His speech was without thought, without reason, devoid of facts, devoid of wisdom,” he exclaimed. “There was no gravitas, no sanity. He was like a child blaming a sibling on something else. He did it. I didn't do it.”
He went on to state that an American viewing the speech had to “wonder what in the world is going on.”
Watch the clip above, via CNN.
[image via screengrab]
—
Follow Justin Baragona on Twitter: @justinbaragona
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The statement of claim alleges Organigram breached its contract with customers to provide a certified organic product free from unauthorized pesticides. It also alleges the company was negligent in the design, development, testing, manufacturing, distribution, sale and marketing of its products.
Lawyer Ray Wagner said Organigram originally offered a refund to customers, but later reversed its position and offered credit for future purchases. The company has estimated the value of credits to be more than $2 million.
Wagner said receiving credits for the products is not enough, especially since there are customers who do not intend to purchase Organigram products again.
"We want the return of the funds that people paid for the product," said Wagner in an interview Monday. "The product was not as it was billed. It was billed as an organic product... and we want our money refunded."
Wagner said the proposed representative plaintiff — writer Dawn Rae Downton — consumed the cannabis for eight months for her inflammatory arthritis before learning she was being exposed to unapproved pesticides.
She suffered health problems including nausea and vomiting — symptoms that improved one month after she stopped using the product, according to the lawsuit.
Health Canada said there are 13 approved pest control products for use on marijuana. It said last month it was conducting random testing of cannabis products produced by licensed producers in response to recent recalls.
Last year, Mettrum Health Corp. recalled medical cannabis products that were exposed to a foliar plant spray.
The proposed class-action against Organigram, filed Friday, has not yet been certified.
Organigram announced earlier this month that Greg Engel would be taking over the role of CEO on March 13. Current CEO Denis Arsenault will move up to a newly created executive chairman position.
— By Aly Thomson in Halifax.
By The Canadian Press
Most of my childless friends have adapted amazingly well to the changes that my being a parent has brought to our relationship. I imagine that it must be hard to watch a friend get swallowed whole by a completely foreign set of experiences. Since I'm the one getting swallowed, I can't know what that's like -- but I can offer a few (entirely unsolicited) dos and don'ts to those who have not, as yet, procreated.
DO volunteer to help out with the kids. Maybe you don't consider yourself to be "a kid person," and that's okay. I don't consider myself to be "a furniture person," but I still wouldn't stand there and watch you move a couch all alone. Kids come with an absurdly long list of both gear and needs that we have to juggle. Learning how to put in and take out a car seat, or getting little Timmy a refill on his milk, might be things well outside your comfort zone, but they can be an enormous relief to a busy parent. Besides, that's what friends do.
DON'T buy into to the myth that the lives of people with kids are awash with indescribable depth and meaning. Yes, we're having an amazing and unique set of experiences, some of which are genuinely profound. Most of those experiences, however, are mundane and some are downright tedious. If you live your life right, while we're busy at home changing diapers, doing homework and folding laundry, you can be having your own set of unique and amazing experiences. Your experiences will be different, but don't let us try to convince you that ours are better by virtue of including offspring.
DO decline invitations to kids' parties and do invite us to do great grown-up things that aren't child-friendly. We ask you to soirées at Chuck E. Cheese not because we think you've been dying to try the new pizza buffet, but because not inviting you might communicate that we don't want you around. Most parents have the good sense to not be offended if you pass on the opportunity to come to GymMania for cake and a trampoline. On the flip side, please invite me to that wine tasting/concert/beer and bowling tournament on Friday at midnight. No, I probably won't go and, yes, I'll blame it on the kids. But I need my childless friends to anchor me to the pre-procreation version of myself that understood that there's more to life than sippy cups and soccer games.
DON'T describe yourself as exhausted/insanely busy/stressed. Of course you're each and every one of those things, we all are. And that's the point. Parenting has all the same demands, stresses and deadlines that you do plus we get to add perpetual responsibility for a small, needy, inquisitive, "me" machine to the 'to do' list. Have a bad enough week and you can crawl into bed Friday at 6 p.m. with a box of Chardonnay, some Hot Pockets and the remote control and not get up for three days. Your worst-case scenario is probably a nasty personal hygiene problem. If a couple of parents do the same thing, there's a good chance that someone will die.
DO travel for fun, go to movies, be spontaneous, use profanity when none is called for, spend money thoughtlessly, have sex on the kitchen floor, leave sharp objects and dangerous medications all over the house, watch the unrated directors cut of "Showgirls" on the flat-screen in the living room, listen to whatever you like in the car, have coffee and read the paper in silence, go out for drinks with people from work without checking in with anyone, sleep on a plane, own modern furniture with lots of glass and sharp edges, have a long, uninterrupted phone conversation and sleep late. Seriously, you have no idea how awesome all these things are until you can't do them anymore.
In 2008, a class action lawsuit against Electronic Arts was filed claiming that its exclusive deal to create NFL games was causing the price of NFL games to needlessly rise. Without competition, EA could charge whatever it wanted like a monopoly. That lawsuit has reached a possible settlement.
A $27 million settlement has been proposed that would offer consumers who have purchased Electronic Arts published NFL, NCAA, or AFL licensed games since 2005 small refunds for their purchases. GameCube, Xbox, and PlayStation 2 titles could receive up to $6.79 per game, and current generation Nintendo Wii, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3 titles could receive up to $1.95 per game.
The proposed settlement also states that EA will not sign to have AFL exclusivity and will not renew its current NCAA agreement when it expires in two years.
The settlement still needs to be approved by the court, so nothing has been set in stone just yet.
[via Business Wire]
“In the last 20 years, everyone's been talking about how important it is for fathers to be involved,” said Sara S. McLanahan, a professor of sociology and public affairs at Princeton. “But now the idea is that the better the couple gets along, the better it is for the child.”
Her research, part of a project based at Princeton and called the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing Study, found that when couples scored high on positive relationship traits like willingness to compromise, expressing affection or love for their partner, encouraging or helping partners to do things that were important to them, and having an absence of insults and criticism, the father was significantly more likely to be engaged with his children.
Uninvolved fathers have long been accused of lacking motivation. But research shows that many societal obstacles conspire against them. Even as more fathers are changing diapers, dropping the children off at school and coaching soccer, they are often pushed aside in ways large and small.
“The walls in family resource centers are pink, there are women's magazines in the waiting room, the mother's name is on the files, and the home visitor asks for the mother if the father answers the door,” said Philip A. Cowan, an emeritus professor of psychology at the University of California, Berkeley, who along with his wife, Carolyn Pape Cowan, has conducted decades of research on families. “It's like fathers are not there.”
In recent years, several fathers' rights organizations have offered father-only parenting programs and groups, and studies have shown that these help men become more responsive and engaged with their children.
But a new randomized, controlled study conducted by the Pruetts and the Cowans found that the families did even better if mothers were brought into the picture.
Photo
In the study, low-income couples were randomly placed into a father-mother group, a father-only group and a control group of couples. The controls were given one information session; the other two groups met for 16 weeks at family resource centers in California, discussing various parental issues.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In both of those groups, the researchers found, the fathers not only spent more time with their children than the controls did but were also more active in the daily tasks of child-rearing. They became more emotionally involved with their children, and the children were much less aggressive, hyperactive, depressed or socially withdrawn than children of fathers in the control group.
But notably, the families in the couples group did best. They had less parental stress and more marital happiness than the other parents studied, suggesting that the critical difference was not greater involvement by the fathers in child-rearing but greater emotional support between couples.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The study emphasizes the importance of couples' figuring parenting out together and accepting the different ways of parenting,” Dr. Kline Pruett said.
Fathers tend to do things differently, Dr. Kyle Pruett said, but not in ways that are worse for the children. Fathers do not mother, they father.
Dr. Kyle Pruett added: “Dads tend to discipline differently, use humor more and use play differently. Fathers want to show kids what's going on outside their mother's arms, to get their kids ready for the outside world.” To that end, he said, they tend to encourage risk-taking and problem-solving.
The study was financed by the California Office of Child Abuse Prevention, which is looking for ways to involve fathers more at the state's many family resource centers. Experts say improving the way fathers are treated in many settings, public and private, is an important public health goal.
For example, they say, pictures of families on the walls of clinics and public agencies should have fathers in them. All correspondence should be addressed to both mother and father. Staff members should be welcoming to men. Steps like these promote early and lasting involvement by fathers.
“We want people to think about how positive father engagement in this co-parenting model would work in their foster care agency, local health clinic, pediatric office, adoption agency or school,” Dr. Kyle Pruett said. “That's where an awful lot of the barriers are.”
At home, the experts recommend that couples keep talking about parenting issues and do their best to appreciate each other's strengths. A recurring argument among couples is that each partner thinks he or she knows what is right; a mother may accuse the father of allowing too much television, while a father may tell a mother she isn't strict enough with discipline.
“Instead, they should be saying, ‘How can each of us be the kind of parent that we are?' ” Dr. Philip Cowan said. “I don't think it's abuse for a dad to sit with that little kid watching TV.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
These experts agree that parents should not focus solely on the children.
“Parents work all day, and feel as if they need to give every other minute to the kids,” Dr. Cowan said, “but if they don't take care of the relationship between them, they're not taking care of the whole story.”
14 December 2012
Fake vs Real Bearded Santa's : The underground debate
The festive season is upon us and before Christmas comes and goes we wanted to answer a longstanding disagreement between the valued men who portray Santa Claus, regarding the best way to embody the jolly fellow, hence forth why we are now going to talk about ‘The Great Beard Debate'.
It is a commonly discussed issue behind closed workshop doors far away from the public eye. The ethic for maintaining a successful performance of Santa is to never pull the beard off! Which many young children are always inclined to do. Many Santa conventions worldwide spark the debate over whether a real or fake beard is the way to go when spreading Christmas cheer amongst the masses.
Can you guess which is the fake beard?
On one side you have the real bearded Santa's who are adamant that there is no argument in that a real Santa must have a real beard, and that's that! One annual Santa said “Having a real beard covers you from every possible eventuality”. When a child asks if he is the real Santa he'll never respond with a yes or no, he'll simply let them have a gentle tug on his beard and watch their eyes light up.
Riding the other sleigh are the fake bearded Santa's, who would much rather prefer a fake beard or as they like to call them ‘designer beards' or ‘fashion beards'. Their main argument is that a good quality fake beard especially those made from Yak hair can cost over £2,000! And can actually look more traditional, like Santa's beard as depicted in many books and films. Santa's beard is often larger than life and in order to actually grow a beard of this size and grandeur would be impossibly hard to maintain as well as managing to grow in the first place. It just seems a tall order to simply put into good use for one time of the year.
An odd issue arose some time ago which we will for this article refer to as ‘The Disney Incident' whereby a real bearded Santa was out on holiday with his family at Disney World when numerous children began asking for autographs and hugs. Park officials accused him of portraying a real character, which ridiculously is against park rules and was kindly asked to leave unless he removed his costume. When he explained that the beard was in fact real he was left with the choice of either leaving the park or taking a trip to the on-site toilets to make a facial adjustment.
Fortunately these issues don't happen all too often and no one has suffered any beard related injuries, at least not of which I have been made aware of. So the art of growing a festive beard remains a stable tradition among many.
It has been common knowledge, at least in the fake Santa inner circle that fake beards are the predominant choice for those in the industry and real bearded Santa's are becoming more of a rarity. However recent studies have shown that this is on the increase due to the lack of availability of good quality Yak beards in the modern market with producers leaning more towards cheaper synthetic beards, problems such as itchiness and skin irritation are just some of the complaints made by those choosing these cheaper alternatives for the festive season.
Those who regularly rely on the seasonal income of these jobs are now finding that unemployment may be of an issue if they do not have the real deal with adverts specifically asking for real bearded individuals only to apply. Such a demand has lead to a rise in discrimination complaints towards those who argue they possess superior acting ability and such qualities far outweigh the redeeming nature of having a real beard.
After all is said and done it is worth mentioning that at the end of the day the true responsibility for authenticating the real Santa from fake should and always will be down to the children as it is their enjoyment and appreciation for the man in red that makes the festive season what it is today.
Mark Clattenburg poised to QUIT as Premier League referee with move to MLS or China on cards
1 Mark Clattenburg
Mark Clattenburg may have refereed his last Premier League game.
According to The Sun, the official is disillusioned by a lack of support from top-flight bosses and plans to quit before the next round of fixtures.
Clattenburg is reported to have approached Professional Game Match Officials Limited – the body which oversees match officials – before Christmas to ask to be released from his contract.
The 41-year-old, who refereed last season's Champions League final and the Euro 2016 final, is said to have grown tired of the level of scrutiny which comes with officiating in English football.
Clattenburg is now expected to be released from his contract after talks with the PGMOL failed to convince him to stay on.
He is understood to be weighing up whether to continue refereeing elsewhere, with the Chinese Super League and Major League Soccer reportedly eager to recruit him.
Getty Images
Although Browns coach Pat Shurmur says his team is moving forward with Colt McCoy at quarterback, drafting Texas A&M quarterback Ryan Tannehill remains a possibility.
Mary Kay Cabot of the Cleveland Plain Dealer reports that the Browns will bring in Tannehill as one of their 30 pre-draft visits. That doesn't necessarily mean the Browns view Tannehill as their best bet with the fourth overall pick in the NFL draft, but it's still a move they're considering. And NFL Network's Mike Mayock endorsed Tannehill as the player the Browns should take.
“Franchise quarterback trumps all,” Mayock said on Path to the Draft. “We talk about that all the time, and I don't believe Colt McCoy is the answer. And I do believe Ryan Tannehill could become the answer. So I believe at No. 4 they ought to pull the trigger on Tannehill.”
The question is whether they'd be passing up on an offensive playmaker they love when they pulled the trigger on Tannehill. Alabama running back Trent Richardson and Oklahoma State receiver Justin Blackmon are other potential targets for the Browns at No. 4. But Mayock said the Browns would be better off drafting Tannehill at No. 4 and then using their second first-round pick, the 22nd overall selection they acquired from the Falcons in last year's Julio Jones trade, on a running back or receiver.
“Don't forget, Cleveland's got No. 22 in the first round,” Mayock said. “So don't look at this as just No. 4. You're trying to come out of this draft the best you can. And if you want a tailback because you lost Peyton Hillis, how about Doug Martin? How about David Wilson? At No. 22 you can get one of those tailbacks. If you need a wide receiver at No. 22, what about Kendall Wright? The way I think they have to look at this thing is, go get the franchise quarterback, sit him on the bench for a little bit behind Colt McCoy, get him comfortable, and then at 22 get yourself a playmaker.”
Fourth overall is higher than most people think Tannehill will go. But if the Browns think there's a chance Tannehill will be their franchise quarterback for years to come, they can't pass him up.
Squadron 42, the single-player Star Citizen companion game - the one with all the Hollywood actors - will not be released in 2016. Overlord Chris Roberts confirmed it on stage at CitizenCon 2016 in the wee hours of the morning.
"As much as we wanted to have Squadron 42 for this year, it's not going to be this year," he said.
Squadron 42 had carried a "2016" release date until now - indeed, the game's website still listed that date moments go.
Roberts didn't share any new release date for Squadron 42 but he did give an update on progress - and it sounds like there are months of work to do.
Squadron 42 has 28 chapters (the equivalent of around 60+ missions) and they're all grey-boxed - ie. blocked out - or better. Roberts had hoped to have one chapter at final shipping quality to show at CitizenCon 2016 but it wasn't ready. And whereas he's prepared to show work in progress Star Citizen content, he's reluctant to do the same for the storied Squadron 42 experience.
SQ42 has 20 hours of performance capture from 1255 pages of dialogue, performed by top Hollywood actors including Mark Hamill, Gillian Anderson, Gary Oldman, Andy Serkis and John Rhys-Davies. Roberts teased that there were a few other actors that they hadn't talked about, and who would be a surprise, too.
While lots of the assets used in Squadron 42 are carried across from Star Citizen, they're distressed or destroyed or tailored for the story experience. There are 40 distinct ships, Roberts said, and handcrafted environments, proper AI with daily routines and so on.
The aim for each chapter, broadly, is to have a flying part, an on-foot part and maybe a meet-and-greet, mission-fetching part. The idea for the tasks themselves is to have everything be systemic, meaning there will be multiple ways to achieve goals. Think along the lines of Far Cry, I guess.
Arguably the most impressive part of the CitizenCon 2016 conference was the procedurally generated planets version two demo that Roberts introduced for Star Citizen. This showed some genuinely gobsmacking vistas and even went as far as sand people, Mako-like buggies and giant worm creatures. It was very Star Wars and Mass Effect and Dune. Three-quarters of the conference is in the video embedded above.
It's no secret: Denver's offense has struggled to do its share this season.
Quarterback Peyton Manning said as much Thursday, telling reporters: "We can improve and we would like to improve."
The Broncos march into Super Bowl 50 with the second-lowest-ranked scoring attack to ever play in the big game. It's not just the lack of points, either, as only three clubs turned the ball over more than Denver this season.
"All the offensive guys, we certainly want to carry our weight and not take our defense for granted," said Manning, who acknowledged that won't be easy against a Carolina defense that led the NFL with 39 takeaways.
"You see just a fast and physical football team that's created a lot of negative plays for offenses," Manning said of the Panthers. "Created a lot of turnovers, giving their offense a lot of short fields. Which, if you watch the game unfold, you see the scoreboard and it's 7-0, it's 14-0. It's like the guy that's singing the nation anthem is still on the field and the game hasn't even started yet."
Said Manning: "Their offense takes advantage of the turnovers that the defense gives them. That's the sign of a great football team."
To Peyton's credit, the turnovers are down since he regained the starting job. Manning is pick-free over his last three starts despite ranking last in the NFL in passer rating and touchdown-to-interception ratio in 2015. He'll need another pristine afternoon if he plans to hoist the Lombardi one last time.
Make sure to watch Super Bowl Opening Night live Monday on NFL Network at 8 p.m. ET.
I can eat well on $35 a week. That seems like a modern marvel we take for granted. — Erik August Johnson (@8EJ3) July 4, 2014
I composed the tweet above while in the euphoria of a post-run peanut butter sandwich. The cost of my grocery run earlier in the week was right around $35. Enjoying my peanut butter on whole wheat bread while pondering that relatively small amount of money made me wonder.
@8EJ3 $35/week sounds amazing. You should do a blog on that. — Tim Loyer (@7liter) July 8, 2014
That's a great idea, and I am doing just that – writing a blog series about eating on $35 per week.
The $35/Week series is about eating on a $35/week budget. I hope through my efforts to show that eating well does not have to come with a high cost. I also hope to sharpen my self-discipline and learn a bunch of things – about food, recipes, creativity and about myself.
Another facet I am exploring through this blog is the food industry and American culture – as it relates to food.
Food is one of the few true necessities in life, yet affordable and healthy alternatives to junk food and eating out are often overlooked in mainstream thought – at least in my age and demographic. Being a single 30 year old urban professional male means a lot of conspicuous food consumption is being marketed to me every day. I also live in Boston, MA, a city with an immense restaurant, pizza place and bar culture.
My intention here is simply carve out some time and space to explore food from a practical standpoint – both nutritionally and financially.
To properly preface this series and how I will spend my $35/week, there are a few things that should be laid out.
Personal Considerations
1. I have no dietary restrictions. I am not allergic to gluten, dairy, shellfish, nuts, etc.
2. I have moved towards a more animal-free diet. This is for numerous reasons but one is simply cost consideration. Meat is expensive. That being said, I am neither vegan nor vegetarian.
3. I am a fairly serious runner – averaging 35 – 50 miles per week. This is a major difference between me and most people. If I was not so physically active I am positive I could get by on maybe $25 a week. That being said, even trying to keep very lean – I'm still consuming 1800 – 4500 calories per day.
4. Not included in my budget is $25/month for supplements. I am spending that mostly on multi-vitamins. Most other supplements are running-based: Tailwind, GU, gels. Whey Protein is occasionally part of the mix as well.
5. I am single – and the only one in my household. 85% of the time I am the only one consuming the food I buy. 15% is reserved for guests – so that is to be reflected in the cost and buying considerations as well.
6. I will likely eat out on average once per week. That will not be included in the cost. If I do eat out during the week – it will be noted.
7. I will prefer organic or all-natural to conventional (or unnatural – ha). My decision on which to choose will depend on cost considerations but I will likely spend up to 20% more to buy organic.
8. The goal is to eat with health in mind. If I wanted to eat ramen every meal I could spend much less than $35. That is not the point here.
9. I will accept and use free food. This does not mean I will take on a bunch of potential client lunches to eat for free nor does it mean you will find me dumpster diving. No, you will not find me hoarding samples at Trader Joe's. But if there is leftover food in my office for the taking, for example, I may incorporate it. I would guess free food will account for about 2-3% of my intake weekly.
Current Inventory
It is to be noted that I am starting with the big advantage of existing food. The following is a list of food items I currently have in my cupboard, refrigerator and freezer:
Cupboard
Cuban Style Black Beans – 1 can
Tomato Soup – 2 cans
Refried Beans – 1 can
Fat-Free Refried Beans – 2 cans
Tuna in Olive Oil – 3 cans
Organic Pinto Beans – 1 can
Organic Garbanzo Beans – 1 can
Vegan Mac and Cheese – 1 box
All Natural Whole Wheat Bread – 1/2 loaf
Converted Rice – 1/2 pound
Egg Noodles – 2 cups
Tomato Basil Marinara – 1 jar
Stove Top Stuffing – 1 box
Freezer
Chicken Shu Mai – 1 box
Frozen Broccoli – 2 medium bags
Frozen Meatballs – ~2 cups
Frozen Peas – 2 medium bags
Frozen Hash Browns – ~8 ounces
Frozen Mixed Vegetables – 2 bags
Frozen Corn – 1 medium bag
Refrigerator
Lettuce – 1 medium bag
Chopped Onion – 1 cup
Cream Cheese – ~1 cup
Margarine – ~1 cup
Olive Oil Mayo – 1 jar
Ranch Dressing Dip – ~1 cup
Italian Dressing – 1/2 bottle
Organic Chia Seeds – ~6 ounces
Miscellaneous
Condiments – Ketchup, Mustard
Various Salad Dressings
Maple Syrup – 1 jar
Olive Oil – 1/3rd bottle
Frank's Red Hot Sauce – 1/2 bottle
Sriracha – 1 bottle
Keeping my existing inventory in mind, I will be shopping at Trader Joe's today for my initial week's grocery – and of course, spending $35 or less. I would love to get your initial reactions from hearing about my experiment. Please leave comments!
Disney just announced that the Star Wars areas of their theme parks will be called Star Wars Galaxy's Edge. The studio also gave a few more teases of how this highly interactive land will work. Also opening: the world's first totally immersive Star Wars hotel.
A few months ago, Disney employees hinted to fans that actions would have consequences in the lands. We didn't quite know what that meant—but at D23, Imagineers explained a bit more.
Advertisement
For example, you may see Chewbacca around talking to Hondo. They're up to no good and could be recruiting a group of people to go on a mission. So then you'd go on the Millennium Falcon ride, one of two in the park. Based on how you and your crew does on that ride (the ride will allow each individual person to have their own job aboard the Falcon), you could get some extra republic credits afterward, or maybe a stern talking-to. If you're really, really bad though, bounty hunters might hunt you throughout the park, like a new one named Harcos.
There will also be a Cantina—it was a hinted there may be booze there—and the music will be courtesy of a new DJ. It's Rex, the former pilot of Star Tours.
Advertisement
That's just one example of how things will work. However, another major announcement has to do specifically with the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando. There, it was announced, Disney is planning a 100 percent immersive Star Wars hotel. That means everyone there will act like they are in Star Wars. You become a citizen once you check in, and every minute of your experience will be Star Wars. You may even have the option to dress up as the character you want to be. The photos you see here are of that.
Apparently, you are part of the story every minute you are at the hotel for your entire stay. Which, frankly, sounds a little scary. What if I want to sleep? We'll have to wait and see exactly what this entails, but the concept art shown was pretty badass, including the fact that every room at the hotel will have a view into “space.”
Here's a new walkthrough of the land.
While both Star Wars Galaxy's Edge parks will open in 2019, the one at Disneyland in Anaheim will officially be first.
Another example of us getting close to technology that was once considered completely Sci-Fi.
from gizmag.com
Researchers at Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) have now proven the theory behind the concept, demonstrating how a tractor beam can be realized in the real world – albeit on a very small scale.
Haifeng Wang at the A*STAR Data Storage Institute and colleagues studied the properties of Bessel beams, which, unlike normal laser beams, don't diffract or spread out as they propagate. While light will usually be scattered backwards when a laser beam hits a small particle in its path, pushing the particle forward, the A*STAR team showed theoretically that light from a Bessel beam scatters off particles that are sufficiently small in a forward direction. This means that the particle is pulled back towards the observer.
John Joseph Kipe, a 54-year-old resident of Panda Bear Lane in Bunnell, is in critical condition after what appears to be an attempted suicide by gunshots Tuesday evening. Kipe, his wife reported to 911 dispatchers, had shot himself twice with what would later be determined to be a .22-caliber rifle.
As is usually the case in such instances, and while indications point in that direction, authorities are not yet ruling it an attempted suicide, as the investigation is continuing.
Kipe's wife, terrified, reported the shooting to 911 around at 7:08 p.m. She told the dispatcher Kipe had shot himself in the throat but she was afraid to go near him: the rifle was still in his hands, he was breathing, and she did not feel safe going near him She told the dispatcher that he had hurt her “a long time ago,” when he was using drugs. (Kipe has an aggravated assault charge going back to 2000, among other, more recent charges, all of which were dropped). She noted that there were many weapons in the house.
Seeking to secure the scene so paramedics to go in, Flagler County Sheriff's deputies sought to have Kipe's wife come outside. She told them she was unable to do so. She would have had to step over her husband, and did not want to do that. Deputies went in through an unlocked front door, at which point the victim's wife called out to them. Kipe was bleeding heavily. Two deputies checked him for additional weapons and secured the scene, enabling paramedics to tend to Kipe. He was placed on an ambulance and driven to a helicopter landing zone nearby.
Flagler County Fire Flight, the emergency helicopter, was not in service, and Air One was on another call. Trauma One was called in and landed at Hollar and Greene, the produce distributor off County Road 305, at 7:36 p.m. Kipe was flown to Halifax hospital in Daytona Beach.
The investigation was then turned over to sheriff's detectives and crime scene investigators.
Kipe's wife told authorities “her husband had been acting strange the past few days,” a sheriff's incident report noted, and wanted his mother to help her talk to him. She called Kipe's 81-year-old mother, who was on her way from her Ormond Beach home, when the shooting took place.
The attempted suicide takes place amid rising concern in the county about the number of suicides locally. Those numbers have been rising in the last two years.
<p>[See <a href="http://newsbusters.org/blogs/scott-whitlock/2015/06/12/flashback-abcs-0…; for more.] New York City underwater? Gas over $9 a gallon? A carton of milk costs almost $13? Welcome to June 12, 2015. Or at least that was the wildly-inaccurate version of 2015 predicted by ABC News exactly seven years ago. Appearing on <em>Good Morning America </em>in 2008, Bob Woodruff hyped <em>Earth 2100</em>, a special that pushed apocalyptic predictions of the then-futuristic 2015.The segment included supposedly prophetic videos, such as a teenager declaring, "It's June 8th, 2015. One carton of milk is $12.99." (On the actual June 8, 2015, a gallon of milk cost, on average, <a href="http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/surveymost">$3.39</a>.) Another clip featured this prediction for the current year: "Gas reached over $9 a gallon." (In reality, gas costs an average of <a href="http://fuelgaugereport.aaa.com/">$2.75</a>.) </p>
<p> </p>
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — Now that the Ravens have released Eugene Monroe, it's looking like the Ravens first round draft pick, Ronnie Stanley, will be making Baltimore his permanent home.
And how do you make a home feel complete? You get a dog.
Stanley recently visited BARCS Animal Shelter in Baltimore in search of adding a pup to his family. Accompanied by his girlfriend and teammate, Alexander Lewis, they were on the lookout for a very specific type of dog.
“We are looking for dog that's been here a long time and maybe not-so-adoptable,” they told BARCS.
The shelter introduced Stanley to Winter, a dog who spent most of her six years falling into unfortunate situations, and it was apparently love at first sight.
Ronnie and his girlfriend signed Winter's adoption papers and took her to her new home the same day.
BARCS said, “We are so proud to have amazing guys like Ronnie to be role models to the kids in our city. Not only does his single act of kindness make adoption cool, but it makes giving love to an imperfectly perfect dog a ‘manly' thing to do.”
You can read Winter's full story on BARCS Facebook page.
I've been a Matlab user for 15 years, and over that time period I've of course become fairly dependent on it to get things done quickly. The downside? It's expensive. It's a pretty penny to buy the base package, toolboxes are extra, and there are recurrent “maintenance” costs each year to get upgrades.
Sure, that's standard practice, but each year I have to stand up and justify to my boss why we need to pay these costs for our multiple Matlab users in our shop (a multi-user concurrent license is out of the question, don't even ask). So what's a user to do?
For years we've just bit the bullet and paid the fee, but with options such as R and Numpy/SciPy out there it may be time to loosen the chain a bit. Or maybe not.
A couple of possible alternatives to Matlab and their respective pros and cons:
R
R is a really nice statistical environment which has pretty much become the industry standard, replacing the very expensive S-Plus. It's easy to install, has an excellent GUI on OS X, and has a ton of community released packages which are usually made during the preparation of scientific papers. There are some downsides, as there can be multiple (sometimes possibly conflicting) packages (e.g. gam vs mgcv) but choice is good, right? The cons for me are that it's a new language to learn, and even though I write an m-script for everything, I find the scripting in R a bit clunky, even writing in TextWrangler and then hitting CTRL-R to have the SendToR script source the code for me. It's just something new, and while the built-in functions are really nice, the learning curve for coding things is higher, and will it be faster in the long run than just using Matlab?
Numpy/SciPy
The Numpy/SciPy combo in Python is a viable alternative to Matlab, even having a page dedicated to showing you how easy it is to transition from Matlab. As with R, it's free, and there are a ton of functions available, but there is a downside for me. I've successfully installed it on CentOS 5.1 and OS X 10.5, but it was a bit complicated. I know that these are packaged in many distributions, but not in CentOS, and I had to install from either source or .egg files, which isn't all that tough, but took some time. I'm not writing the 24.3 steps I did to get it installed because honestly, I didn't write it down and I don't remember what I did. Next time I promise to list it out! On OS X I did it all through MacPorts on the MP version of python 2.5. Again, it took some massaging to get it all set up since I was using the non-default install of python.
Overall though, the reason for this little diatribe is that while there are alternatives to Matlab, they all involve learning new ways to do things which, after I successfully learn them, may not be faster than just doing it in Matlab. Most of the time I just need to get things done, and the $7/day cost of Matlab may be well worth it if I'm saving more than 10 minutes of time during that day (assuming for a minute that I am earning $42/hour).
I'm rambling a bit here, but these are just questions that I ask myself as I code things up at the desk. For each of these tools has their place, and in terms of maximum comfort and speed, I use each of them for their strengths. The main dilemma is that in a perfect situation I would drop the commercial Matlab for the free/open source alternatives, but at a minimal cost in dollars and time.
Technorati Tags:
linux, Mac OS X, programming, python, R, scientific programming
Advertisements
After a powerful EF-4 tornado barreled through the farming community of Fairdale, Illinois, on April 9, 2015, homes were transformed into chaotic piles of wood, trees were left coated with tufts of insulation, and cars were strewn about like a child's toys.
As seen from space, the aftermath of a tornado has a very different look. The Operational Land Imager (OLI) on Landsat 8 acquired this image of northern Illinois on April 10, 2015. Evidence of the Fairdale tornado appears as a line of damaged vegetation and disturbed soil scrawled across the agricultural landscape. Since Landsat 8 has a spatial resolution of 15 meters (49 feet) per pixel, individual houses are difficult to distinguish in such imagery. Whole towns appear as small patches of gray. To make it easier to distinguish the tornado track from surrounding fields, this false-color image combines shortwave infrared, near infrared, and green light (OLI bands 7-5-3). Living vegetation appears green and fallow or newly planted farm fields are shades of brown.
The satellite view makes clear how unlucky the 150 people of Fairdale were. The tornado track fades away just a few kilometers (mile) northeast of Fairdale, suggesting the community nearly escaped severe damage. The town of Rochelle, in contrast, was far enough south of the tornado to avoid its wrath. According to news reports, two people were killed in Fairdale, 20 people were injured, and 70 homes were destroyed.
Records of historical tornado tracks show that EF-4 and EF-5 tornados (the most potent) are uncommon in northern Illinois, but they do occasionally occur. The map above, based on data from the NOAA/National Weather Service's Storm Prediction Center, shows the location of all the major tornados that have affected northern Illinois between 1950 and 2014. EF-5 tornados are shown in white, EF-4 are pink, and EF-3 and below are shades of purple. (Note: The 2015 April 9 event was not included in the NOAA database and was digitized using the Landsat scene.)
NASA Earth Observatory images by Joshua Stevens, using Landsat data from the U.S. Geological Survey and tornado track data from the NOAA National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center. Caption by Adam Voiland.
Gujarat Assembly Election 2017: The Congress posters don't feature the iconic blue-haired Amul girl
The witty little Amul girl -- known for her almost-daily one-liners -- has morphed into a pro-Congress figure as part of a social media campaign for the Gujarat election, asking people to use their "Amulya" (invaluable) vote to oust the BJP from a state it has ruled for over two decades.With the common tagline "Kyunki aapka vote bohut AMULya hai" (Because your vote is invaluable) and "Parivartan hai lana, saathi haath badhaana" (Join hands to bring change), the poster campaign by a loose group of artists -- mostly from Kerala -- is a take-off on the iconic daCunha Communications advertisements for the Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation that created the popular Amul dairy products brand.Ten different theme-based posters of the campaign have gone viral on different social media platforms. The posters talk about "fear" in Gujarat, effects of demonetisation and GST, education of the girl child, the meteoric rise in the business assets of BJP chief Amit Shah's son, Jay Shah, and the bullet train.The posters, of course, don't feature the blue-haired "Amul Girl" -- but a boy resembling her.Those behind the pro-Congress campaign say they are not official Congress workers or the party's supporters, and have taken a cue from Rahul Gandhi's speeches in which he had said his Gujarat battle is "cooperatives" versus the corporate world."Rahul Gandhi has been saying in his speeches that they will follow the Amul model of cooperation and cooperatives where everybody is allowed a say in participation," one of the artists told IANS. They refused to be named because they "don't want to come into the political limelight".Asked about the inspiration, the artist said the Amul theme has been popular across India for decades and talks about day-to-day issues affecting the common citizen."This is innocent and disarming while being critical -- also without being abusive... that's why we chose this style," the artist said.Does the boy in the campaign depict Rahul Gandhi?"No," the artist said."Amul has a little girl and we made this boy -- a common man. We didn't want the same character due to copyright issues," said another artist, quickly adding: "Naturally, the thing is Rahul takes a potshot (against BJP leaders) almost on every issue, every day."The artists said the campaign has so far covered a range of topics central to Gujarat elections, focusing on economic issues like "the harassment first caused by demonetisation and then GST".There is one on schoolchildren. "Lots of kids have dropped out of schools or colleges because their parents' incomes have halved after the GST, because of loss of business."There is a whole chain in the textile industry that has been affected. They have lost money and their children got affected," said a visualiser from the group.So what do the posters on GST and demonetisation say?One of them shows a group of men and women chasing a bearded "dacoit" holding a rifle. The dacoit depicts the villain, Gabbar Singh from the cult Bollywood movie "Sholay". And the boy comes with a punchline in the corner: "Bohut tax khaya, ab panja kha!" The "panja", or palm, is the Congress symbol."There is a theme featuring fear in Gujarat. People are afraid there. Lots of people don't want to say anything because they are afraid. We addressed the fear issue. "Remove the fear, rest -- propaganda, hunger, corruption -- will disappear."Another poster shows a bearded man holding a weighing scale tilted towards the end holding businessmen. One of them is drinking milk from a baby feeder. The scale is tilted towards the businessmen because "Jay Shah -- Jyada cheese kha gaya".Then, there is the bullet train.The artists said people in Surat had been demanding a Metro and never got it, but Gujarat is getting a bullet train which won't be of much use to anyone."Bullet train meri jaan, hey jumlon ka nishan" (Bullet train is a symbol of rhetoric), reads the poster showing a bullet train with a bearded man on its front.Aadhaar has not figured individually in the campaign, otherwise linked with almost everything that the Congress has been targeting the BJP with in the elections. But there is a reference to it. "BJP ke teen bandar -- GST, Notebandi, Aadhaar Number."Asked if the artists received any appreciation from the Congress, they said whosoever saw it has liked the campaign."It has not become a part of the official Congress campaign. I am sure the Congress leaders are going to appreciate it."Talking about the Congress's way of reaching out to its targeted voters, they said the BJP has obviously been more creative. "But the Congress has also been changing its reach-out with new and more creative communication. Perhaps a Rahul Gandhi effect," one of them said.
Story highlights Lewandowski says his "personal relationship" will decide his VP pick
He touted Mike Pence and Newt Gingrich's credentials
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump's vice presidential selection will "come down to one person's comfort level" -- Trump himself -- former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Sunday.
Lewandowski -- who Trump fired this month -- touted the credentials of both Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich as people with strong ties to Washington, in an interview with Brianna Keilar on CNN's "State of the Union."
"If you look at Gov. Pence, he's the type of person who could help unite the party, obviously, at the convention," Lewandowski said, pointing out Pence's time as the House Republican Conference chairman. "He's the type of person who would bring a lot to the ticket."
"It's really going to come down to the personal relationship that he and Mr. Trump could have to find out if they could work well together, and if so, if that's Mr. Trump's choice, I think Gov. Pence would be a great choice for vice president," said Lewandowski, a CNN political commentator.
He emphasized the importance of Trump tapping a politician with ties to Washington, who could help advance his legislative agenda in Congress.
Read More
5% stake sold to Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox, allowing it to expand into Europe and India
Vice Media, the multi-platform purveyor of music, fashion and quixotic journalism from international trouble spots, has sold a 5% stake to Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox.
Fox, which was spun off from News Corp earlier this year, confirmed the $70m (£45m) deal, which marks the latest stage in the evolution of Vice from an off-beat Canadian magazine into a global brand frequently dubbed the hipsters' bible.
Murdoch has hinted at being an admirer of the Vice brand in the past, tweeting after a visit last year to Brooklyn, where Vice is based: "Who's heard of VICE media? Wild, interesting effort to interest millennials who don't read or watch established media. Global success."
The link-up allows Vice to expand into Europe and India with the help of 21st Century Fox's assets, which include stakes in Sky television channels and chimes with the declared aims of Vice's co-founder, Shane Smith, for his company to become "MTV, ESPN and CNN rolled into one".
Minority shareholders, which include the marketing group WPP, hold around 25% of Vice. Vice's founders will continue to have majority control of the board in a structure that Smith said "gives us the freedom to do what we want to do".
He told the Financial Times: "The reality is that MTV was bought by Viacom and CNN went to Time Warner. We have set ourselves up to build a global platform but we have maintained control."
Vice, which is involved in magazine publishing, film production, music recording and operates a range of online channels, has gained attention in recent times with a number of initiatives and stories that have trumped the established media.
One included the re-appearance in Guatemala of the on-the-run internet millionaire John McAfee in the company of a couple of young reporters from Vice. In February, a Vice film crew accompanied the flamboyant former NBA star Dennis Rodman on a trip to North Korea in an unlikely act of sports diplomacy.
Smith and some friends established Vice as a free and underground music magazine in his native Montreal 20 years ago after taking over a community title called the Voice.
• This article was amended on 17 August 2013. The original standfirst described Vice as a magazine. While Vice did indeed start as a magazine 20 years ago, today it can more accurately be described as a digital media and publishing group.
John McCain made good on his promise today to release his economic plan after recanting that pledge amidst Monday's campaign chaos. The Obama campaign calls the plan, "a day late and 101 million middle-class families short." Read below the excerpts about the plan for more reaction.
From AFP:
The Arizona senator called for trimming taxes on older Americans dipping into their retirement accounts, and for suspending tax rules he said "force seniors to sell their stocks in the midst of this financial crisis."
He said he would accelerate a tax write-off for those forced to sell at a loss in the current market conditions, and reduce capital gains taxes for 2009 and 2010 "to raise the incentive to save and invest," according to a statement outlining the proposals.
Older Americans "have seen the financial markets undertake a daily assault on their life savings in recent weeks," the statement said. "Families are being forced to sell at a loss to meet their bills."
McCain said withdrawals from retirement accounts -- IRAs and 401(k)s -- should be taxed at the lowest rate, ten percent, this year and next, for the first 50,000 dollars withdrawn from such accounts each year.
The Republican further proposed reducing the maximum tax rate on long term capital gains to 7.5 percent in 2009 and 2010, so as not to penalize Americans forced to sell stocks in current conditions.
We all know that politics makes strange bedfellows, but the events of the last couple of days leave even the most politically savvy analysts scratching their heads. This week, President Trump struck a deal with Democratic congressional leaders to temporarily raise the debt ceiling and fund the government through mid-December ostensibly to clear the legislative path for his tax reform proposals.
This deal was widely derided by Republican congressional leaders and others as simply kicking the can down a short road and delaying the political showdown from September to December. Ironically, those same congressional leaders would have been happy kicking the can further down that same road rather than permanently solving this recurring problem.
ADVERTISEMENT
The deal was what can only be described as a plot twist that few saw coming, even in the context of a rollercoaster administration that has all too often substituted disruption for strategy. The next day witnessed a Republican president declaring that there are “a lot of good reasons” to get rid of the U.S. debt ceiling.
Trump is certainly not alone in championing the elimination of the debt ceiling. Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in his honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation his version of power grab MORE (R-Utah), House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) all support the idea of eliminating the concept of a debt ceiling.
A little perspective is in order. Other developed and, for that matter, even developing countries around the world seem to operate just fine without the concept of a fixed debt ceiling. In fact, the only democratic country in the world with a debt ceiling other than the United States is Denmark. And, Denmark's debt ceiling was intentionally set so high following the financial crisis that there is no reasonable potential of its being breached.
Other than Hatch, Republican congressional leaders are generally not in favor of abolishing this anachronistic and contrived concept, although Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) and John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE (R-Texas) have expressed their opposition to the concept as well. The usual narrative that the debt ceiling provides a check on unfettered government spending is fallacious.
Raising the debt ceiling simply allows the U.S. government to make good on obligations that have already been incurred. The time to show fiscal restraint is when the appropriations are being approved, not when they come due. The debt ceiling doesn't actually do anything to promote fiscal restraint, yet every time it needs to be raised it causes tremendous uncertainty for markets and discomfort with investors throughout the world.
Much like the movie “Groundhog Day,” it seems that the identical debate over raising the debt ceiling keeps happening over and over. In 2011, grandstanding over the debt ceiling sent the financial markets into a full-blown panic. One major impact was the downgrade of U.S. sovereign debt from AAA to AA+ by Standard & Poor's, a decision that makes little sense based on the country's ability to issue a sovereign currency.
In fact, today, two U.S.-based companies, Microsoft and Johnson & Johnson, inexplicably have higher credit ratings than the country itself. Philosopher George Santayana famously remarked that “those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.” It seems that Congress can't even recall the recent past, as in 2013 there was another protracted debate about increasing the debt ceiling that roiled the financial markets.
It would, of course, be ludicrous for the U.S. government to default on the debt. If that were to happen, interest rates on the debt would rise and the U.S. government debt load would grow exponentially, as the government would need to borrow at higher rates to refinance both new and existing debt.
While defaulting on the debt is not in anyone's best interest, in May of last year, then-candidate Trump suggested that he could reduce the national debt by negotiating with creditors for a partial payment. In honor of the late Walter Becker of Steely Dan fame, if that isn't “pretzel logic,” I don't know what is.
Robert R. Johnson, Ph.D., CFA, is president and chief executive officer of the American College of Financial Services. He is co-author of Strategic Value Investing, Invest with the Fed and Investment Banking for Dummies.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Turner said it has ramped up investment in European production by 30% in the past year and has also taken its biggest international original, “The Amazing World of Gumball,” in a new direction, with a puppet-based episode of the show that it will reveal at Annecy.
The puppet-based installment of “Gumball” will go out during season five of the show and also be the inspiration for a series of shortform spin-offs. Recently-minted U.K. producer Blink Industries is making “The Puppets” and the shortform content, which will be directed by BAFTA-nominated Simon Cartwright (“Manoman”) and Baker Terry (“Don't Hug Me I'm Scared”).
Annecy attendees will get an exclusive first-look at “The Puppets” at Annecy during a session at the festival looking at “Gumball.” The series is a mix of 2D and 3D animation with live-action elements, allowing the producers to work with a range of other creatives, such as Japan's Studio 4°C, whom they teamed with on an anime episode entitled “The Fury.”
At the Annecy panel Becky & Joe, creators of hit YouTube series “Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared,” will speak about their work on “The Puppets.” Ben Bocquelet, creator of “Gumball” and series director, Mic Graves, will also be in attendance.
Related Gender Parity: Accelerating the Advancement of Women in the Workplace Bleacher Report Co-Founder Dave Finocchio to Exit This Summer
The focus on “Gumball” comes as Turner ramps up investment in international programming, with spend on Cartoon Network and Boomerang in Europe up 30% in 2016-17. The U.S. company's kids channels benefit from a strong pipeline of toons from Burbank-based Cartoon Network Studios and from Warner Bros., but it has been adding to its line-up of internationally sourced and produced programming, with “Gumball” the standout example. Season six of the show is in pre-production.
Annecy and MIFA are also recruitment grounds for the studios, and Turner holds a Picnic by the Lake event that allows students to meet its talent and creatives.
“We're continuing to look for great animation talent to work on Gumball season six, as well as our many different productions across the globe, and we're excited to once again host our highly anticipated Picnic by the Lake, which is a fantastic opportunity for students to network and connect with key people from our studios,” said Patricia Hidalgo, chief content officer, Turner EMEA Kids & International Kids Strategy.
The original content drive extends beyond Europe, with a series of shorts, “Bill and Tony,” screening in competition at Annecy.
This week Steven Lynch takes a look back at some of his favourite questions (and answers) of 2010
Sebastian Vettel has a unique relationship with his car © Getty Images Enlarge
Last year Sebastian Vettel named his cars "Kate" and "Kate's Dirty Sister". Has he named his car for this year? asked Leif Erikson from Australia
Sebastian Vettel did indeed do very well last year, especially after crashing "Kate" at Melbourne and replacing her with "Kate's Dirty Sister", in which he won four races. This year he has a new car, the Red Bull Renault RB6, and the name he has chosen this time is "Luscious Liz". He said at the start of the season: "There's no real explanation behind it, we all sort of like the name. I hope she won't need a sister - I hope to tell you after a couple of races." And, after a couple of near-misses in Bahrain and Australia, Luscious Liz did Vettel proud in Malaysia ... and later on too!
Sebastian Vettel never led the drivers' championship until the end of this year's final race. Has any other world champion managed this? asked Brian Dalton from Essex
Rather to my surprise I discovered that two other drivers - both Britons - had also grabbed last-gasp glory. In 1964 John Surtees never led the championship until the closing laps of the final race: after Jim Clark made the running in the early part of the season Graham Hill did well, and by the time the final GP of the season started in Mexico Hill had 39 points, Surtees 34 and Clark 30. Hill soon ran into mechanical problems, and Clark seemed set for the title when he built up a commanding lead (he had won more races than Hill or Surtees). But shortly before the end Clark had engine trouble, and he dropped out with a lap to go (he was eventually classified fifth). This put Surtees up to third, which would still have left him a point behind Hill - but as luck would have it the man in second place was his Ferrari team-mate Lorenzo Bandini, who slowed down and let Surtees past to become the first - and still only - driver to win world titles on four wheels as well as two. Something similar happened in 1976, when James Hunt never led the drivers' championship until the final race, when third place in the rain in Japan put him one point ahead of Niki Lauda. That was the year when Lauda had built up a commanding lead in the championship before his horrific crash at the Nurburgring. Just like Vettel this year, neither Surtees nor Hunt had ever headed the table before, either in their championship year or previously.
Marquis de Portago and Peter Collins before the start of the Mille Miglia Road Race in which the tyre on the Marquis's Ferrari burst causing a fatal accident © Getty Images Enlarge
This multi-talented individual was Alfonso de Portago, a Spanish marquis, who co-drove a Ferrari to second place in the British Grand Prix at Silverstone in 1956. He drove the first 70 laps before handing over to Peter Collins, who completed 30 more: they finished a lap down on the winner, Juan Manuel Fangio. On horseback de Portago twice attempted the fearsome fences of the Aintree Grand National, as well as taking part n the Cheltenham Gold Cup. Just to complete the set he also represented Spain in the bobsleigh at the Winter Olympics, finishing fourth in the two-man event in 1956. His sporting achievements were almost as impressive as his full name - Alfonso Antonio Vicente Eduardo Angel Blas Francisco de Borja Cabeza de Vaca y Leighton - and a love life which would keep several gossip magazines going these days. Perhaps inevitably, "Fon" de Portago was killed at the wheel of a car: aged only 28, he crashed towards the end of the Mille Miglia sports-car race over public roads in Italy in May 1957. His co-driver and 12 spectators also died, leading to the end of the Mille Miglia as a serious race.
My father told me about a driver whose entire Formula One career lasted a couple of hundred yards. Who was this unlucky driver? asked Peter Norris
The man with the shortest Formula One career of all is Marco Apicella, whose only Grand Prix came in his native Italy in 1993. Driving a Jordan after the mid-season retirement of Thierry Boutsen, Apicella qualified towards the back of the grid at Monza. At the first corner he was a blameless participant in an incident involving JJ Lehto which also put Apicella's Jordan team-mate Rubens Barrichello out of the race. Apicella's suspension was damaged, and he could not continue: his race - and, as it turned out, his F1 career - had lasted a few seconds and about 800 metres.
Fernando Alonso won the controversial 2008 Singapore GP after starting 15th on the grid. Is this a record? asked Darrell Faber
Fernando Alonso did indeed win that race - during which his team-mate Nelson Piquet junior was apparently ordered to crash deliberately - after starting 15th on the grid. Rather surprisingly, perhaps, six other GPs (and the Indianapolis 500 in 1954, when it counted towards the F1 world championship) have been won from even further back. The record is held by Britain's John Watson, who started the 1983 United States Grand Prix West at Long Beach after starting in 22nd place out of 26 on the grid. The McLarens had problems coping with a bumpy track during qualifying - Watson's team-mate Niki Lauda started 23rd and finished second - but it all came right in the race. Watson made a bit of a habit of this sort of thing: the previous year he had won the Detroit GP after starting 17th on the grid.
Nigel Mansell after stalling his Williams on the final lap of the Canadian Grand Prix © Sutton Images Enlarge
I think the only driver to suffer this particular misfortune is Britain's own Nigel Mansell, in the Canadian Grand Prix of 1991. Mansell beat the pole-sitter, his Williams team-mate Riccardo Patrese, off the line in Montreal, and settled in to what appeared to be a commanding lead. On the last lap, having led the whole way, Mansell was enjoying the applause and adulation from the crowd ... a little too much. Going round the hairpin near the finish he was waving to the spectators, allowed his revs to drop too low, and the engine stalled (some versions of this story have Mansell accidentally flicking off the ignition switch while waving, and others blame the car's electronics and not the driver: probably only Nigel and the Williams team know the truth!). A surprised and delighted Nelson Piquet swept past to win the race for Benetton. Meanwhile the rather embarrassed Mansell never did get his car started again, and was classified sixth.
Who once won a Grand Prix despite being fourth at the start of the last lap? asked Robert Lavender from Mitcham
This lucky person was Jim Clark, who won the Belgian GP at Spa in 1964 despite lying fourth when the last lap started. Dan Gurney was leading with one eight-mile circuit to go, but ran out of fuel; Graham Hill inherited the lead, but his fuel pump broke. That left Bruce McLaren in front, but then he ran out of fuel almost in sight of the line, and Clark swept by to win in his Lotus. But Clark hadn't seen the other cars drop out - and although he was shown the chequered flag at the end the confused organisers had already waved it at several other cars too. But the drama still wasn't over: Clark himself ran out of fuel halfway round his slowing-down lap. He stopped near Gurney, and went to commiserate with him ... at which point they heard a loudspeaker announcement saying that Clark was the winner.
Which passing manoeuvre do you consider to be your favourite one in the last ten years, and why? asked Khairil Abdullah from Malaysia
From the last ten years the one I remember best is Juan Pablo Montoya's move on Michael Schumacher at the end of the finishing straight at Interlagos in Brazil in 2001. It was only Montoya's third F1 race, yet he got inside Schumacher (the reigning champion, after winning the third of his seven titles in 2000) and held his line, forcing his way through. Extending it beyond your ten-year qualification, I think my favourite passing move was pulled off by Nigel Mansell in the Hungarian GP of 1989. Mansell, in a Ferrari, was close behind Ayrton Senna's McLaren when they came up to lap Stefan Johansson in an Onyx. As Senna moved out to pass Johansson Mansell swept inside him and overtook both of them to take the lead: Mansell ended up winning, despite having started from 12th on a circuit where it is notoriously difficult to pass anyone.
Why are there no female drivers in F1? Are they not allowed? asked Martin from London
They certainly are allowed, and indeed one has actually scored a world championship point - or half a one, as the race concerned (the 1975 Spanish GP) was shortened by an accident. Lella Lombardi drove a March 751 to sixth place in that race at Montjuich Park in Barcelona. The first female GP driver was another Italian, Maria Teresa de Fillipis, who took part in five races in 1958 and 1959 without managing a point. Since then Desiré Wilson, Davina Galica and Giovanni Amati have been fleetingly involved in F1. But it seems only a matter of time before a female driver makes the grade: Danica Patrick, for example, has raced with some success in America, becoming the first woman to win an Indycar race (in Japan in 2008). She also led the 2005 Indianapolis 500, before finally finishing fourth.
The coming season looks like being one of the most even for some time [You were right!]. What is the record for the most successive Grands Prix with different winners? asked Charles Bromige from Bath
There was a remarkable sequence in 1982 of nine successive races which were won by different drivers. It all started when Riccardo Patrese won the Monaco GP in a Brabham, then John Watson (who had won the race before Patrese) won the Detroit GP in a McLaren despite starting from 17th on the grid. Then Nelson Piquet (Brabham) won in Canada, Didier Pironi (Ferrari) in Holland, Niki Lauda (McLaren) in Britain, Rene Arnoux (Renault) in France, Patrick Tambay (Ferrari) in Germany, Elio de Angelis (Lotus) in Austria, and Keke Rosberg (Williams) in Switzerland. Arnoux then won the Italian GP to end the sequence. Rosberg's victory - his only one of the season - helped him secure the drivers' championship, although Pironi had been leading the table until he broke both legs in a bad accident in Germany. Rosberg and Mike Hawthorn (1958) are the only drivers to take the world title after a season in which they won only one race.
I know that Britain's Mike Hawthorn became world champion in 1958 even though he only won one race. But who has won the most races in a season without becoming champion? asked Albert McKenzie from Clacton
Mike Hawthorn did indeed win the world championship in 1958 despite only winning one race (Stirling Moss, who finished second a point behind, actually won four). Keke Rosberg in 1982 also managed this peculiar feat (the next five drivers in the standings all won two races each, and overall there were a record number of 11 different race winners that year). The most wins in a season without winning the championship is seven, which has rather surprisingly been achieved on no fewer than four occasions: by Alain Prost twice, in 1984 and 1988, by Kimi Raikkonen in 2005, and by Michael Schumacher in what we all thought was his final season, 2006.
Who is your own favourite F1 driver, and why? asked Simon Collins
Well, as I was growing up Graham Hill was a very dashing figure, what with his raffish moustache and amusing way with words. At some point I got hold of Hill's first autobiography (Life at the Limit) and thought it was a cracking read. F1 seems to have been a lot more fun back in the 1950s and '60s ... but also far more dangerous. A driver from a slightly later era I always admired was Mario Andretti, the world champion of 1978, as he seemed to be able to drive anything: on his F1 debut, in the 1968 United States GP, Andretti stuck his borrowed Lotus on pole position. After that watching Nigel Mansell was a thrill, if a painful one at times (see the question above!), and some of his races with Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost were absolute classics. These days I like watching Fernando Alonso carve his way through the field, and enjoyed this year's healthy rivalry between Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton, and Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel.
If you want to ask Steven a question, use our feedback form. The most interesting questions will be answered here every other Friday. His long-running Ask Steven column on Cricinfo remains one of that site's most popular features
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Apparently some real voodoo magic happened at the techno-mekka Berghain this weekend. Lightning struck and shut down the power, which stopped the music for some minutes. After that, the aircondition was down and people apparently went insane! This is what the artists are saying about the night – which seems to have been legendary. If you were there, please throw in a comment and tell us about the experience.
Sunday evening at Berghain / Panorama Bar was simply incredible. It's always amazing there, but this was one of my favourite sets i have ever played anywhere. The heat and energy from the crowd made it super intense, something i hadn't felt that strong before. Thanks to Berghain, Enemy Records & ＡＲＴＳ and everyone who stayed with me on the 5 hr trip. To top it all off, lightning struck the building near the end of my set which caused all the lights to come on, it was a special moment…
The club was packed during the hottest day of the summer but around 22:45, a storm came through and lighting struck Berghain (Dax J brings thunder wherever he goes). The emergency power kicked in, which turned on every light in the house and killed the air conditioning. For 5 hours, the lights remained on and the place kept getting hotter with people ramming the dance floor going crazy to pär grindvik's now legendary set. 10 minutes before I took over, they fixed the light situation and the crowd went crazy.
With the lights off, a new vibe took over and 3/4 of the dance floor was topless. There was no separation of class, sex or race: just skin, dancing, and great, positive vibes. During all my sets, I've never seen anything like this from the Berghain DJ booth before (snax excluded). Thank you to everyone who braved the heat and stayed late. And of course, thank you to Berghain and everyone involved in the planning process! Until next time!
Adrenalin is still running through my veins. Last night at Panorama Bar got burned into my memory. Lightning hit the building during my set, the sound went off for minutes, the air condition shut down completely, as almost all lights at the bar did. People took off their clothes because the place became a sauna, never saw so many topless girls and boys in a club. At Berghain the emergency light went on and couldn't be switched off for hours. I will never forget that view from the iron stairs down on that ocean of naked flesh waving and pulsating. Wish i had a photo of that scenery, but, well, what happens inside these walls stays there and its good that it is the way it is! Thanks to everybody who came down for these memorable 4 hours and danced with me!
Video shot in the immediate aftermath of the murder of Bosnian immigrant Zemir Begic in St. Louis features a local resident revealing how blacks had chanted “fuck the white people, kill the white people” before the brutal hammer attack which took Begic's life.
With the mainstream media seemingly keen to keep a lid on whether or not the murder was racially motivated and linked to the Ferguson riots, this new eyewitness account is nothing less than explosive.
Begic was killed in the early hours of Sunday morning when a gang armed with hammers attacked his vehicle and then set upon the Bosnian as he tried to confront them.
Police insisted the attack was not racially motivated, while Begic's family and other Bosnian immigrants who turned up to protest the slaying asserted otherwise. Two suspects were taken into custody, while two others, a black teen and a Hispanic teen, are still on the loose.
The clip above shows a local resident filming the scene from a distance as emergency personnel attempt to give Begic CPR.
“Arrest them all, fuck this shit,” he states, adding, “And, of course, it's a white kid, right after black people running up and down the street yelling, ‘Eff the white people, kill the white people.' This is what we have.”
As we documented earlier, there are numerous other examples of Caucasians being verbally or physically assaulted by black Ferguson protesters for little more than being white.
It appears that the demonstrations have taken a tragic turn for the worse, with Ferguson protesters taking their lead from the likes of Time Magazine, who published an article justifying violent riots, with whites now apparently being targeted in retribution.
As we reported last week, innumerable Twitter users have also called for the murder of Darren Wilson and other white police officers.
Ferguson protesters have openly called for violence, with one telling USA Today last week, “It's sad to say, but this is the new civil rights movement for our generation, and there will be casualties and there should be bloodshed.”
Will the mainstream media report on what almost certainly represents a brutal and unprovoked racial hate crime that led to the horrific murder of Zemir Begic, or will this incident be swept under the rug in order to maintain the phony narrative that Ferguson protesters are peaceful?
As Alex Jones explained in depth on today's broadcast, the Ferguson protests have been hijacked and manipulated to turn blacks and whites against each other, neutralizing a potential unifying alliance between all races in facing up to corruption and tyranny emanating from the state.
Zemir with his wife Arijana, married for only six months before his murder in St. Louis. pic.twitter.com/7uvwGx7ykk — BHDragons (@BH_Dragons) December 1, 2014
Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Also read how Police Blame Zemir Begic for his own Murder
The battlefield in Syria's civil war is carved up among several large groups ostensibly trying to oust President Bashar Assad, but spending a great deal of time instead fighting each other for territorial gains.
That focus on their immediate surroundings has thus far, according to most U.S. officials, helped to mitigate the threat posed by groups like the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) to the U.S. homeland.
There has been significant and mounting concern that Western recruits drawn into the war -- who have proven all but impossible to monitor on Syrian soil -- could use their passports to sneak back into the U.S. or Europe and stage attacks.
Now, however, a previously unheard of subgroup within the complicated jihadist web that is the Syrian opposition is lending new urgency to that concern by combining the threat of Western imports with the threat of advanced bomb-making.
More dangerous than ISIS: Airports on alert due to new Syrian terror group
Former CIA deputy director Mike Morell explained on "CBS This Morning" that a group of militants from al Qaeda-central, near Pakistan's border with Afghanistan, have joined the fight in Syria and "evolved into the external operations arm" of the group's franchise in that country, the al-Nusra Front.
"Khorasan members came from Pakistan," said Morell. "They focus on attacks in the West."
Specifically, as reported by CBS News' Bob Orr, the Khorasan group is focused on trying to build bombs capable of being sneaked onto airliners, and finding the Western jihadists in Syria who could try and carry them.
As for why al Qaeda has deployed a group to try and recreate in some fashion their Sept. 11 plot, Morell said the group sees the aviation industry "as a symbol of the West."
In addition, "they believe if they damage the airlines they can damage the American economy, as we saw with 9/11," Morell said, adding that the terror network is also likely still of the mind that what worked once can work again.
Al Qaeda chief bomb maker alive: Yemen official
What makes Khorasan so dangerous -- given its presumed access to the pool of hundreds of U.S. and European jihadists who have flooded into Syria to join the fight -- is the group's suspected members from or trained by al Qaeda's branch in Yemen, AQAP.
AQAP has been considered for years one of the most direct and imminent threats to the U.S., boasting al Qaeda's master bomb-builder, Ibrahim al-Asiri.
"That is very worrisome because that brings together two pieces of a potential plot in the West," said Morell. "It brings together Western fighters who have gone to Syria to fight -- so capable of carrying out operations in the West -- with this bomb technology that Asiri brings to the table. You put those things together, you have a serious threat."
A spokesman for Moscow's police department, Viktor A. Biryukov, said investigators were seeking evidence for a criminal case that was opened some time ago.
Photo
Mr. Artyomov described the raid as a “masky show,” a term coined in the 1990s when the police began carrying out dramatic raids on businesses. “For many years, there have been no ‘masky shows' in Moscow,” Mr. Artyomov said. “If they have any questions, they should come and take the documents. We don't see any reason to organize this circus.”
The search drew immediate interest because it involved Mr. Lebedev, who stands out from the rest of Russia's industrial titans for his willingness to tease — and sometimes openly challenge — the Kremlin. A former lieutenant colonel in the K.G.B., Mr. Lebedev ran for mayor of Moscow in 2003, served as a member of Parliament and, more recently, toyed with the idea of founding an opposition party.
Political ventures were common among financiers in the 1990s, but they were all but forbidden under the presidency of Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Putin ordered the arrest of the billionaire Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky, at the time Russia's richest man, and the media moguls Vladimir Gusinsky and Boris A. Berezovsky fled the country to avoid prosecution.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Artyomov said that there were frequent police raids on the National Reserve Bank in the 1990s, but that the last one had occurred in 2001. He said Russian authorities had changed their tactics in dealing with large businesses, promising “that there would be no more masky shows, that they will not try to terrify us.”
Yana Yakovleva, who was passing the site in her car on Tuesday morning, watched a column of young men “with the same short hair and needly eyes” emerge from black cars with tinted windows and head for the office building. “Ten years ago I would have said they were bandits,” she said. “Today, I realized right away that they are law enforcement officers.”
Ms. Yakovleva, an entrepreneur, was herself jailed in 2006 for selling a product without the necessary licenses. The charges against her were dropped, but she formed a nongovernmental organization to help jailed businesspeople and has documented dozens of such raids, though usually on businesses no one has ever heard of.
“The first primal feeling is simply fear,” she said. “All of a sudden 20 armed, aggressive men are rushing into your premises, and they treat you like a criminal — not a potential one, but a real one. There is a clear certainty that in any case, they'll find something. In any case, you will be a criminal.”
NASA's Amazing Comet Hunter –“Nobody Dreamed We'd Approach 200 a Year” Posted on Jul 31, 2015 "SOHO has a view of about 12 and a half million miles beyond the sun," said Joe Gurman, the mission scientist for SOHO at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. "So we expected it might from time to time see a bright comet near the sun. But nobody dreamed we'd approach 200 a year." (more…)
Thirty Percent of Stars Have Migrated Across the Milky Way –“Was Our Sun One?” Posted on Jul 31, 2015 Scientists with the Sloan Digital Sky Survey-III (SDSS) have created a new map of the Milky Way that provides the first clear evidence of migration of stars throughout our galaxy. The study, which determined that 30 percent of stars have traveled across the galaxy, is bringing a new understanding of how stars are formed and travel throughout the Milky Way. (more…)
NASA: “The Rosetta Stone for Super-Earths?” Posted on Jul 30, 2015 Using NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, astronomers have confirmed the discovery of the nearest rocky planet outside our solar system, larger than Earth and a potential gold mine of science data. Dubbed HD 219134b, this exoplanet, which orbits too close to its star to sustain life, is a mere 21 light-years away. While the planet itself can't be seen directly, even by telescopes, the star it orbits is visible to the naked eye in dark skies in the Cassiopeia constellation, near the North Star. (more…)
AMHERST, Mass. — WHILE many existing oil and gas reserves in other parts of the world are facing steep decline, the Arctic is thought to possess vast untapped reservoirs. Approximately 13 percent of the world's undiscovered oil deposits and 30 percent of its natural gas reserves are above the Arctic Circle, according to the United States Geological Survey. Eager to tap into this largess, Russia and its Arctic neighbors — Canada, Norway, the United States, Iceland and Denmark (by virtue of its authority over Greenland) — have encouraged energy companies to drill in the region.
For Russia, which recently seized a Greenpeace ship and is prosecuting 30 of the group's activists for attempting to scale an oil platform, the temptation to exploit the Arctic Ocean is especially powerful. Russia's economy is heavily dependent on exports of oil and gas, and the government relies on these sales for much of its income. Until recently, the Russians could draw on reservoirs in western Siberia to satisfy their needs, but now, with many of these fields in decline, they are counting on Arctic supplies to maintain current production levels. “Our first and main task is to turn the Arctic into Russia's resource base of the 21st century,” Dmitri A. Medvedev, then the president, declared in 2008.
The Russians have explored drilling options in several offshore areas of the Arctic. In the Pechora Sea, above northwestern Siberia, the Russian energy giant Gazprom has installed its Prirazlomnaya platform — the one protesting Greenpeace activists attempted to board. Further east, in the Kara Sea, the state-owned Rosneft is collaborating with ExxonMobil to develop promising deposits; Rosneft has also teamed up with Statoil of Norway and Eni of Italy to investigate prospects in the Barents Sea.
But Russia is hardly alone in seeking to exploit the Arctic. Norway, like Russia, derives considerable income from gas and oil exports and is under pressure to develop reserves in the Barents Sea to compensate for the decline of its existing fields in the North and Norwegian Seas. Other areas of the Arctic are also being eyed for development. Cairn Energy of Edinburgh has sunk exploratory wells in waters off Greenland, for example, while Royal Dutch Shell is attempting to develop fields off Alaska.
With their creeping menace and interior monologues, the novels of Shirley Jackson might appear unfilmable – but a new attempt is a cause for celebration
As the queen of American weird fiction, Shirley Jackson's stories and novels have perhaps been neglected by Hollywood more than her reputation and talent would merit.
That's possibly because Jackson's vast oeuvre could be deemed largely unfilmable for modern audiences, relying on the building of tension, dread and disquiet through the subtle progression of narratives that are in many cases built on internal monologues.
Now, though, one of Jackson's best-loved novels is coming to the big screen in the shape of her 1961 triumph – and to my mind her best book – We Have Always Lived in the Castle.
The Hollywood Reporter revealed this week that filming began in Dublin this month on an adaptation co-produced by Michael Douglas and directed by Stacie Passon, in what is the centenary year of Jackson's birth.
The first star announced was Sebastian Stan, who played the Winter Soldier in the Captain America movies. Stan's role as Charles Blackwood, while an important one in the plot, is relatively minor compared to the two main characters, Constance and Mary Katherine Blackwood, and their casting announcements came later on Wednesday – Alexandra Daddario (from the Percy Jackson series) will play elder sibling Constance, while American Horror Story's Taissa Farmiga will be Mary Katherine – Merricat to her small family.
Constance and Merricat exist together with their rather befuddled Uncle Julian in a rambling, tumbledown pile, all that remains of a once grand dynasty which was all but wiped out when someone put arsenic into the sugar bowl which most of the family sprinkled on their desert.
Elder sister Constance is generally thought to have committed the deed, though nothing could be proved. Still, the townsfolk are convinced that was the case and the killings have passed into local legend, children singing rhymes about the deaths to Merricat as she ventures infrequently into civilisation to gather supplies.
They live a life of sequestered, fading grandeur, which is only interrupted with the arrival of cousin Charles, who begins to court pale Constance. But is he just trying to get his hands on the family silver? And tensions are rising between the Blackwoods and the townsfolk …
A gothic enough tale, but related in such pedestrian terms barely scratches the surface of Jackson's novel. The devil is in the detail of We Have Always Lived in the Castle, the story told through the eyes of troubled Merricat and her unsettling rituals – she hangs totems and fetishes around the bounds of the Blackwood land to protect the remains of the family – and her thoughts are very dark indeed.
The novel is a masterpiece of the macabre, and the tension ratcheted up by Jackson, who died in 1965 after being troubled with demons of her own in the shape of painkillers and alcohol, is almost unbearable.
As such, it is difficult to see just how it could be packaged up for cinema audiences who perhaps like their blockbusters big on action and light on twisted introspection. However, with director Passon also having a credit for the Amazon Studios' transgender drama Transparent as well as the Sundance hit Concussion, which she wrote and directed, perhaps she has an eye for the offbeat which might just pull off the adaptation.
If so, an impressive adaptation of a Shirley Jackson novel will have been a long-time coming. Only two of her stories have made it to the big screen – 1957's Lizzie, based on her short story The Bird's Nest being the first.
Perhaps Jackson's most famous novel, The Haunting of Hill House, has been filmed twice, both times as The Haunting. The 1963 version of this story of a group of psychics invited to stay at a haunted house is by far the best, transferring Jackson's prose into cramped monochrome menace with the unforgettable scene where one character sharing a bed with another talks of her growing fears, only to find when the light is switched on that her roommate is nowhere near. So whose hand has she been holding? The less said about the fairly execrable 1999 remake the better.
Perhaps Jackson's most famous short story, The Lottery, has been adapted three times, twice for television (though the 1996 version is only loosely based on Jackson's story, and attempts to form some kind of sequel) and once as a short film in 1969.
Whether We Have Always Lived In The Castle is indeed even capable of being successfully filmed we'll have to wait and see. But if it opens up Jackson's work to a wider audience in her centenary year, then it'll have some merit at least.
With the increase in people suffering with mental health difficulties, more dogs are being trained as psychological support dogs, or more commonly called therapy dogs.
Therapy dogs, support dogs, psychological assistance dogs, and so many other different names to refer to dogs helping you feel better while relying as little as possible on medication.
Since 2010, Psychological Assistance Dogs (PADs) and Therapy Dogs have been working with Dogs For The Disabled to set up a pilot program in order to train assistance dogs for those with mental health issues. These dogs would be trained for people suffering from a range of mental health issues including depression and post traumatic stress disorder.
National Service Dogs launched their PTSD (Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder) program in 2011 where therapy dogs were trained to assist military veterans in their everyday lives to help them cope with the symptoms of their illness.
Psychological service dogs are common in the USA and Canada. They are trained by accredited service dog trainers and given the relevant certification.
First Support Dog
One well-known psychological service dog in the UK is Buddy, he is a support dog for his own Marion Janner. Marion suffered from mental health issues and before she got Buddy, she was not able to cope if even the smallest thing went wrong. However since she got Buddy, she has been able to cope with everyday situations a lot better than she did before.
Marion has been working hard to try and get a psychological support dog training facility in the UK. Marion also set up the charity “Star Wards” which works on improving mental health care facilities in the UK. She is also pushing for service dogs to be put into hospitals to help patients. Right now, Therapets take dogs into hospitals and care homes to help the patients. It has been proven that petting a dog or another animal reduces stress levels and helps people feel better depending on what their condition is.
Personal Experience
As a sufferer of depression and anxiety, I have had panic attacks while out shopping and there have been days when I didn't want to get out of bed. However, I knew that my dogs needed me to care for them and it was thanks to them I was able to get out of bed and go out for walks with them. My Doctor and I spoke about therapy dogs and I did some research. After reading Marion's story, I asked my Doctor if she could write me a note.
As a dog trainer, my dogs are trained to behave themselves when in public and one of my dogs, Rico, was good at calming me down if I needed it. If I was having a panic attack, he would come over and snuggle with me until I calmed down.
Although I only took Rico out a couple of times, it really helped. Knowing he was there if I had a panic attack meant that it was one less thing off my mind. I was able to enjoy going out to the shops again. Before I would walk my dogs in the woods, secluded spots where I knew no-one walked a lot. When I was out with all my dogs, they'd rally round me and we'd have fun. If I was at home and something made me panic, they made sure that I was ok and were the best medicine I could have. I can honestly say that my dogs saved my life because if it were not for them, I wouldn't be here.
When I say that to people, it's hard for them to comprehend. But they don't understand depression or anxiety. The misunderstanding that getting up and getting on with it can cure depression. It can't. It's not as easy as that. When I'd wake up on my worst days, I'd ask myself what I had to get up for? Nothing was happening in my life that warranted me getting out of bed. But then I'd feel the weight of my dogs on the bed next to me and I knew then that they needed me. They needed to get out for walks, play, get their food. I had to do that. I had that responsibility. It may not work like that for other people, but my dogs are my life and I will not let them down.
How Can Therapy Dogs Help With Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder?
An increased number of soldiers are returning home from service suffering from PTSD. These men cannot relate to their families what is going on in their heads, it's difficult for them. Even a simple trip to the shops can feel like they are back in the warzone. Having a service dog by their side makes them feel more comfortable, their dog can sense an attack coming on and will help his owner overcome it.
The charity Hounds For Heroes based in the UK, they provide trained service dogs for members of the armed forces and emergency services who require them. These dogs provide assistance to those who have been disabled or injured.
Although these therapy dogs are used to assist their owners with tasks they may not be able to perform, the dogs also serve a psychological support purpose. Their owners may not have felt confident going out before their service dog came into their life, they may have struggled to perform certain tasks, like getting cash out of the ATM or picking up something they dropped in the street. In a way these dogs are serving both physical and psychological issues.
The Future
There are hopes that there will be a training facility set up specifically for therapy dogs and other psychological service dogs. It is something that is needed around the world as so many more people are finding it difficult to cope with their depression, anxiety and other mental health issues. These people, provided they are given the proper medical help would lead a better life if they had the support of a dog who could help them if they were having an attack or even just to get them out of bed in the morning.
People like Marion Janner are leading the way for psychological service dogs and it is hoped that they will be a common help for mental health sufferers in the next decade.
Chilling 911 call made by NASCAR legend Dick Trickle before he ended his own life is released as his brother reveals he was plagued by a chronic mystery ailment that may have contributed to his depression
Former race car driver's brother Chuck says the NASCAR legend was distressed by a chronic pain in his chest
Dick Trickle called police to a North Carolina cemetery where he said his body would be found
Tricke's career spanned 24 years and included 2,200 races
Remembered for his fun and outrageous personality
Once drilled a hole in his helmet to allow him to smoke a cigarette and installed lighters in his vehicle
The chilling 911 call legendary NASCAR Dick Trickle made to a hapless 911 operator before he ended his own life with a self-inflicted gunshot wound was released today.
In the recording, Trickle matter-of-factly tells the female operator that he is at 'the Forest Lawn Cemetery at 150.' - where he was later found dead.
When the woman asks him for his name, he repeats the address, not once identifying himself as the racer who entertained generations with his extrovert driving skills.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Dick Trickle (left) suffered from a mystery ailment that left him with chronic pain and depression according to his brother Chuck (right)
Larger than life: Trickle, who made his debut driving the No.84 Miller High Life Buick for Stavola Brothers Racing in 1989, is seen holding one of his famed cigarettes in a hand
Trickle says that he is 'on the back side of it. By a '93 pickup. There's gonna be a dead body..it's suicide.'
The confused operator asks Trickle if he was there to witness one, but instead he chillingly responds with 'I'm the one'.
Stunned, the woman pleads with Trickle, saying 'listen to me' but Trickle simply repeats '150 Forest LAwn in the back by a Ford pickup.'
The operator begs to let her send 'help to you', but that is in vain as he had already hung up.
The Lincoln County Sheriff's Office said authorities tried to call the number back, but no one answered.
This comes as it was revealed that Trickle suffered chronic and debilitating pain in his chest days before his suicide according to Chuck, his brother.
Suicide: Dick Trickle, in Sept. 1989, died on Thursday at age 71 from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, police say Dick Trickle (left) is pictured here with his daughter Vicky Trickle Bowman (second right), her husband (far right) and son (second left) Trickle, 71, who died on Thursday from a self inflicted gunshot wound was so distressed by his mystery ailment that he visited doctors twice a day. According to his brother the popular racer became depressed by a discomfort under his left breast telling him that he 'didn't know how much longer he could take the pain.' 'It's a shock to me,' said Chuck Trickle to The Las Vegas Review Journal . 'It's real hard to think about. He was my brother, my friend and my hero, in that order.' 'He was very down.' Chuck, who lives in Las Vegas said that to his knowledge his brother was healthy, except for the pain under his chest, but when they last spoke a week ago he suspected that something was wrong when he heard his brother curse. Chuck Trickle said his brother was so beloved that 'he could've run for president and won.' 'He was there for everybody,' Chuck Trickle said. 'He left a very large footprint on this earth.' Chuck's son, Chris, was shot in 1997 while driving in Las Vegas. He died the following year, and the case never was solved. During his racing career, he attracted attention when he drilled a hole in his safety helmet to allow him to smoke a cigarette as he competed. He also installed cigarette lighters in his cars so he could smoke during races, the local news station noted. Trickle recalled in an interview with Fox Sports two years ago of a fan who came up to him while signing autographs and asked him about the cigarettes. 'He says, 'how many cigarettes did you smoke during that race?' And I said, 'how many yellows were there?' I said, 'one for every yellow.'
Dick Trickle's son's Chad (left) and Tod (right) Trickle are now mourning the loss of their father
Dick Trickle was famed for smoking while driving at high speeds during NASCAR races - he is pictured here lighting a cigarette
Trickle said he quit smoking two and a half years before that interview but did it 'just for no good reason.'
NASCAR legend Richard 'Dick' Trickle died on Thursday at age 71 from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, police confirmed.
The body of the retired race car driver was found at the Forest Lawn Cemetery in Boger City, North Carolina, 30 miles west of Charlotte. His body was discovered near his pickup truck.
It is not known why he chose the cemetery as the location to end his life.
The victim had actually called police before shooting himself and forewarned them 'there would be a dead body and it would be his.'
Death: NASCAR driver Dick Trickle, in 1997, was found at the Forest Lawn Cemetery in Boger City, North Carolina
Trickle made his debut on the NASCAR circuit in the #84 Miller High Life Buick for Stavola Brothers Racing.
His career spanned 24 years, during which he competed in a total of 2,200 races.
Dubbed the 'White Knight' by his corporate sponsor SuperAmerica, he was said to have nabbed the most wins in short track racing.
He was named the Rookie of the Year in NASCAR's Winston Cup in 1989 at age 48.
Legend: The career of NASCAR driver Dick Trickle, in 2006, spanned 24 years, during which he competed in a total of 2,200 races Dick Trickle inspired the Tom Cruise vehicle 'Days of Thunder' - the main character in the movie was called Cole Trickle
Hollywood: Tom Cruise's character in Days of Thunder, Cole Trickle, was name in honor of the NASCAR legend'
During races ESPN commentators Dan Patrick and Keith Olbermann also enjoyed making light of the alliteration in his name and would always take notice of Trickle's finish, regardless of his placement, according to WCNC-TV.
'No sports figure Dan + I had fun with took it more graciously. In fact, gratefully,' Olbermann tweeted on Thursday.
Former NASCAR driver Geoff Bodine expressed his grief over the sudden news of his friend while remembering him in an interview with the Associated Press as a man who was 'fun, just plain fun.'
Popular guy: No matter where Trickle placed during his races, seen in North Carolina at the Coca-Cola 600 in 1997, ESPN commentators Dan Patrick and Keith Olbermann would broadcast his name just because of the way it sounded
Retirement: After retiring from the sport Trickle said he hoped to live out the remainder of his days as a grandfather at home in North Carolina
'It's all just sad. We don't understand why he would do this. Hopefully we will all learn why he would do that. There was something that triggered him to take his own life. We are all really saddened by this in the racing community,' Bodine said.
Trickle lived in Iron Station, N.C., for more than 20 years. Bodine said Trickle was full of stories and popular because of it.
'People everywhere knew his name,' Bodine said. 'That's why they used his likeness in that movie Days of Thunder. He was such a character.'
The main character in that popular niche racing movie, played by Tom Cruise, was named Cole Trickle.
Bodine said that a few years ago he had to back out of a celebrity cruise for patients who were on kidney dialysis. He asked Trickle to fill in.
Resting place: The 71-year-old was found dead near his pickup truck at the Forest Lawn cemetery in Boger City, North Carolina
'He made such an impression on people on that ship that everyone wanted to know when Dick was coming back,' Bodine said. 'They loved him. They tell me he was the last man to leave most of the bars on the ship and I believe it.'
Bodine also recalled inviting Trickle to compete in one of his bobsled events in 2004 at Lake Placid, New York.
'I just want to be who I am and satisfied that I had a great career. I'm happy with it. I think I made a lot of friends' - Trickle on how he wanted to be remembered
He said Trickle went down the first time and crashed. After being cleared by doctors to continue, Trickle tried again and crashed in the same place.
'They were doing interviews with him on TV and he was like, "I don't know what happened, I did the exact same thing I did the first time,”' Bodine said. 'And we're all looking at him like, hey Dick, maybe that was the problem.'
When Trickle was asked how he hoped to be remembered in his interview two years ago, he answered: 'I just want to be who I am and satisfied that I had a great career. I'm happy with it. I think I made a lot of friends.'
He also said he hoped to live out the remainder of his days as a 'stay-at-home grandpa.'
In a statement, NASCAR said its thoughts and prayers were with Trickle's family and friends.
'Dick was a legend in the short-track community, particularly in his home state of Wisconsin, and he was a true fan favorite,' NASCAR's statement read in part. 'Personalities like Dick Trickle helped shape our sport. He will be missed.'
Sheriff's Lieutenant Tim Johnson says foul play is not suspected.
In this July 13, 2005, photo, Kenny Wallace, left, and Dick Trickle discuss track conditions at the Slinger Nationals auto race in Slinger, Wisconsin
Trickle earned his reputation as a successful short track driver before joining the Winston Cup series and earning rookie of the year in 1989 at age 48.
He competed in more than 300 Cup races. Although he never won a Cup race and won just two Busch Series races, Trickle earned cult status. Former ESPN anchor Keith Olbermann would regularly mention where Trickle finished after each NASCAR race.
Reffner said he and Trickle raced in Stratford in 1958. They would fix up cars from the wrecking yard, put in roll bars and race, Reffner said. The teens found they could sometimes make more money winning a race — $40 — than a week's worth of take home pay at their $1-an-hour rate before taxes.
NASCAR does not keep track of short-track records, but according to the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel, Trickle won more than 1,000 short-track races throughout the country during his prime.
He was a seven-time winner in the regional ARTGO Challenge Series in the late 1970s and mid ‘80s. Trickle also captured the ASA AC-Delco Challenge Series in back-to-back years in 1984-85 before turning to Cup racing.
Dick Trickle enters his car at Talladega, Alabama, as he prepares to begin another race in 1997
Trickle leaves behind his wife of 53 years Darlene and three children.
They are the proud parents of three children. 50-year-old Tod Allen Trickle born on March 22, 1963, 41-year-old Chad Trickle born on March 03, 1972 and their eldest and only daughter 52-year-old Victoria Trickle, now Vicky Trickle Bowman, who once worked as her father's personal assistant.
Darlene Carol Trickle, 69, was born Darlene McMahon on January 11, 1944, she got married to her childhood sweetheart Dick Trickle shortly after he graduated from High School in May, 1961.
LAS VEGAS, NV July 13, 1996: Chris Trickle (center with trophy) and his team celebrate in victory lane at Las Vegas Motor Speedway after he won the NASCAR Southwest Series race
At age eight, Trickle almost died while playing tag with his cousin in a house under construction.
He fell two floors to the basement and broke his hip and spent three years in a cast from his waist to his feet - walking with a limp for the rest of his life.
And tragically, his nephew, Chris Trickle, who was also a NASCAR driver was murdered in an unsolved drive-by shooting in Las VEgas in 1998.
US Army soldiers wake up in their fighting position after a night patrol in the mountains near Sar Howza, Paktika province, Afghanistan. Department of Defense
Politicians who are veterans of the US armed forces have long touted their military records, or their connections to the military during campaigns for public office. Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore is no exception.
But Moore received some criticism on Monday when he applied an allegory that combined military procedure with a politically divisive topic related to some troops currently serving in the armed forces.
"I know we do not need transgender in our military," Moore said during a campaign rally in Alabama, according to the Associated Press. "If I'm in a foxhole, I don't want to know whether this guy next to me is wondering if he's a woman or a man."
The polarizing discussion over whether transgender people should be allowed to openly enlist in the US military has been a point of contention for some conservatives since President Donald Trump proposed a policy change on the matter in July. Moore, a West Point graduate and Vietnam War veteran, has vehemently opposed transgender rights during his campaign.
But the term "foxhole" is not only interpreted as a literal defensive fighting position. It also invokes the intimate experience of bonds forged between servicemembers in the midst of battle — be it during the snow-covered Battle of the Bulge in World War II, or in the backdrop of picturesque views from Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
Roy Moore. Scott Olson/Getty Images
Veterans and lawmakers came out to condemn Moore's remarks. Some of them pointed out the damaging sexual-harassment allegations that surfaced last month.
"I'd rather be in a foxhole with the brave trans men and women already serving overseas than in Congress with a pedophile," Democratic Rep. Seth Moulton of Massachusetts, a former infantry Marine Corps officer and Iraq War veteran, tweeted.
"You won't be in a foxhole. I might be, though, and if I am, I don't want to have to worry my daughter might get molested by a US Senator while I'm gone," David Dixon, a US Army armor officer and Iraq War veteran, said on Twitter.
Other veterans took issue with the exclusionary nature of Moore's sentiments, which may contrast with certain aspects of warfare and military readiness.
"This is not a thing anyone who ever served in a foxhole has worried about," Brandon Friedman, a former Housing and Urban Development official and US Army officer tweeted.
"In the Marine Corps, politics don't matter. Your color doesn't matter," Lee Busby, a Republican write-in candidate in the Alabama Senate race and a former colonel in the US Marine Corps, tweeted. "You fight for the Marine in that foxhole next to you because you love them and would do anything for them. Alabama is no different to me. I am willing to fight and claw for every single person in this state," Busby said.
Moore's own military service has since been called into question.
In Vietnam, the troops Moore commanded derisively nicknamed him "Captain America," according to a 2005 report from the Atlantic. Reporter Joshua Green wrote for the publication at the time that Moore "was so much disliked that he feared being killed by his own troops, and slept on a bed of sandbags so that he couldn't be fragged by a grenade rolled under his bed."
kenburns.com
One of Moore's former professors, also a Vietnam War veteran, reportedly said veterans told him that Moore, while on the ground in Vietnam, wanted to be saluted for his rank; a tradition that, while normal by military standards, is discouraged while in an active war zone.
"When you go to Vietnam as an officer, you don't ask anybody to salute you, because the Viet Cong would shoot officers," Guy Martin, former adjunct professor at the University of Alabama School of law, told The New Yorker in October.
"You've heard this a million times in training," Martin continued. "There's nothing more telling about a person's capability and character and base intelligence. It's crazy."
While the US Defense Department previously concluded, after a yearlong study, that allowing transgender people to enlist and serve openly would have a minimal impact on military readiness and cost, Moore has been unwavering in his opposition.
"To say that President Trump cannot prohibit transgenderism in the military is a clear example of judicial activism," Moore reportedly wrote in a statement in October, following a federal judge's decision to partially block Trump's transgender ban. "Even the United States Supreme Court has never declared transgenderism to be a right under the Constitution," Moore said.
At an October campaign rally, Moore said, "We don't need transgender bathrooms and we don't need transgender military and we don't need a weaker military ... We need to go back to what this country is about."
US Army soldiers conduct fire phobia training in Hohenfels, Germany. Spc. Bryan Rankin/US Army
Moore's views struck a nerve with veterans
"Roy Moore — This is me in a real foxhole," a widely known Twitter user who goes by the alias "Red T Raccoon" tweeted on Sunday morning with an accompanying photo. "I didn't care who was next to me as long as they had the American flag on their uniform. Bigotry has no place in the military and especially the Senate," the man, a former combat medic, who is now a veterans advocate, said.
Business Insider viewed the man's US Army service records and independently verified his identity following an interview Monday night. He has asked to remain anonymous.
"A bullet or [improvised explosive device] does the same damage to anyone," the man told Business Insider. "We all did what we had to do to survive and we all just wanted to go home. Sexuality or gender identity had nothing to do with those goals."
"I treated good men and women in the field that never made it home," he continued. "He has no right to question their service to our country," the man said of Moore.
Following his tweet, photos of uniformed servicemembers — some of whom tweeted messages endorsing Jones — began to circulate:
Regardless of the outcome of Tuesday's special election in Alabama, the responses from veterans following Moore's comments shows that the military, despite being uniformed in appearance, is comprised of political views as unique as the men and women who serve.
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman knew there was a chance he would miss the entirety of this weekend's three-game series against the Mets. But the Braves first baseman did not anticipate that his right wrist would continue to bother him as long as it has.
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman knew there was a chance he would miss the entirety of this weekend's three-game series against the Mets. But the Braves first baseman did not anticipate that his right wrist would continue to bother him as long as it has.
• Cast your Esurance All-Star ballot for Freeman and other #ASGWorthy players
View Full Game Coverage
Freeman expressed frustration on Sunday afternoon, after his wrist continued to plague him as he took some swings in the indoor batting cages at Turner Field. He had played a Major League-high 243 consecutive games through Wednesday, but he has now missed four straight games, including Sunday's 1-0 win over the Mets.
"[My wrist] is not worse, it's just not getting better," Freeman said. "I really don't have an answer until I can maybe get an X-ray or an MRI. I just want to know what is wrong."
Freeman is expected to undgergo an MRI on Monday, before the Braves travel to Washington, D.C., for a three-game series against the Nationals that begins on Tuesday.
Freeman appeared in four games after his right wrist began bothering him before the June 14 series finale against the Mets at Citi Field. When the discomfort forced him to exit during the sixth inning of Wednesday's game against the Red Sox, the Braves opted not to schedule an MRI. Instead, the 25-year-old first baseman received a cortisone injection with the hope that it would allow him to feel some relief by Saturday.
This is a Signature Event. The top three experience value records across all signature races for each class wins an alternate art Demigod's Dominance at season end. You can view the current top three participants by class
Signature Races are Fixed Seed events, meaning that each participant plays through the same area layouts. In addition, all Signature races in a Season will use the same layout.
To see your points in the current season (and its prizes), go to this page.
You are also able to view your season and events history on your profile page, under the Seasons & Events section.
Standard rules for league events apply. Please click this link if this is your first race event.
A guide has been posted
Dead characters will still receive reward points.
Active Mods
The following league mods are active during this event:
Fixed Seed : All instances of a given area have the same area layout, for all players. Multiple Race Events will regularly have the same seed. That is, the instance area layouts will be same in all the races of a fixed seed set. This includes all Signature events.
: All instances of a given area have the same area layout, for all players. Multiple Race Events will regularly have the same seed. That is, the instance area layouts will be same in all the races of a fixed seed set. This includes all Signature events. Medallion : Each area may have an additional mod applied to it.
: Each area may have an additional mod applied to it. Revealed Map: The minimap is automatically fully revealed.
Top Prizes:
The overall top player by experience will receive 3 Reward Points.
The top 20 players of each class by experience will receive:
#1 player of each class: Demigod's Dominance (Unique Golden Mantle) and 10 Reward Points.
#2 player of each class: 6 Reward Points.
#3 player of each class: 5 Reward Points.
#4 player of each class: 4 Reward Points.
#5 player of each class: 3 Reward Points.
#6-10 player of each class: 2 Reward Points.
#11-20 player of each class: 1 Reward Point.
Prizes for reaching specific levels:
Level 22: 10 Reward Points.
Level 19-21: 8 Reward Points.
Level 16-18: 7 Reward Points.
Level 12-15: 6 Reward Points.
Level 9-11: 4 Reward Points.
Level 6-8: 2 Reward Points.
Level 4-5: 1 Reward Point.
Random Prizes:
Reward points earned in this race grant tickets in a random draw for the following items:
Alternate Art Ngamahu Tiki Unique Item (30 available to be won)
Alternate Art Night's Hold Unique Item (40 available to be won)
Alternate Art Tear of Purity Unique Item (10 available to be won) Note: This is a replacement event for 87, which had a server outage in the middle of it. Both 87, and 87b will award points and prizes.This is a Signature Event. The top three experience value records across all signature races for each class wins an alternate art Demigod's Dominance at season end. You can view the current top three participants by class here. Signature Races are Fixed Seed events, meaning that each participant plays through the same area layouts. In addition, all Signature races in a Season will use the same layout.A guide has been posted here which covers general aspects and strategies of racing.Dead characters will still receive reward points.The following league mods are active during this event:The overall top player by experience will receive 3 Reward Points.The top 20 players of each class by experience will receive:Reward points earned in this race grant tickets in a random draw for the following items:
Last edited by Qarl on Aug 10, 2016, 2:45:00 AM Last bumped on Aug 10, 2016, 5:08:49 AM
Gunmen have attacked a church in northern Nigeria, killing at least five people, including the pastor, and setting the building on fire, residents and police have said.
The attack took place on Christmas eve on Monday in the village of Peri, near Potiskum, the economic capital of Yobe state.
"A group of gunmen came into the village at midnight and went straight to the church... they opened fire on them [...] They then set fire to the church," said Usman Mansir, a resident of the village.
A senior police official in Yobe confirmed the details to the AFP news agency, but declined to be named.
Yobe police chief Sanusi Rufa'i said the attack was "a security issue" and refused to comment further.
It was not clear who was behind the attack, but fighters belonging to the Boko Haram group, which seeks to impose strict religious law on Nigeria, have carried out several attacks in Yobe, which borders Maiduguri state, where the group is based.
While Yobe's population is overwhelmingly Muslim, the commercial hub of Potiskum has a significant Christian minority. Peri is just two kilometres outside the city.
Wikimedia Commons Two state names, Arkansas and Kansas, share all but two letters in the exactly same order. So why do we pronounce them differently?
We can thank the French. Arkansas was named for the French plural of a Native American tribe, while Kansas is the English spelling of a similar one. Since the letter "s" at the end of French words is usually silent, we pronounce Bill Clinton's home state "Arkansaw."
Technically, Kansas and Arkansas stem from the same basic root, kká:ze: the native root for the Kansa tribe, often thought to mean "people of the south wind."
Kansas is named for the Kansas River, which is named for the Kansa tribe. It's the English spelling though, so naturally, we pronounce the final "s."
The French, however, left their mark on Arkansas' pronunciation. French explorers learned of a sect of the Quapaw, a Native American tribe in the territory now known as Arkansas, from the Algonquians, who called the people akansa (most likely related to the Kansa tribe).
Various French documents and books spelled the state's name various ways — Arkancas, Akansa, Arkanceas. But "it is absolutely certain that the name as pronounced by the Indians was the same as if pronounced in our language Arkansaw," according to the "Publication of the Arkansas Historical Association.
The "s" on the end is simply a French addition then and a silent one at that. "It is clear, then, that the name Kansas, is spelled in English, while the name Arkansas is of French orthography, and that the two names should not be pronounced alike," according to the Arkansas Historical Association.
There's evidence that some people tried to say the "s" (as in Ar-kan-zus) after the formation of the state government. In 1881, the Arkansas state legislature ruled on that matter, noting the "confusion" about the state's pronunciation. Lawmakers formally endorsed the "saw" ending, discouraging any "innovation" to pronounce the state similarly to Kansas.
At the I/O 2015 conference today, David Burke, vice president of engineering at Google, unveiled Android M. The upcoming version of Google's mobile operating system, successor to the latest Android Lollipop, may not have a name yet, but the first features have now been revealed.
First and foremost, Android M comes with proper app permissions: just eight in total. Apps will only prompt the user for a specific permission when a feature requires it. Currently, Android presents a list of requested permissions after you download an app from Google Play and before you install it. Google is revamping this to give the user control of exactly what an app can do, a long-requested change.
Next up, Google shared details of how the Web experience is changing with a new feature called Chrome custom tabs. Instead of dumping the user into the browser or using a webview, developers can now use Chrome custom tabs, which support features like automatic sign in, saved passwords, autofill, and multi-process security.
Android's app links will now let apps open content directly. Until now, users were prompted with a dialog box asking them if they wanted to open an app. In Android M, the app will just launch right away.
The biggest headline is of course in mobile payments, which have been revamped with Android Pay. This is the successor to Google Wallet, and it lets users make purchases both in-app and at physical retailer stores with NFC.
In related news, support for fingerprint sensors is a go. While Android devices have supported fingerprint authentication before, it was up to OEMs to implement it themselves. Not only does fingerprint support mean authentication is coming to more devices, it could also signal an easier way to pay for apps and in-app content. Slowly but surely, Google wants to kill the traditional password.
Last but not least, power management is getting a new feature called Doze. If a device has been left unattended, Android uses fewer background services. Google says a Nexus 9 tablet could get double the standby battery life thanks to Doze. Android M will also support USB Type-C.
Android M won't arrive until this fall (Burke specifically said Q3). That's when Google is expected to announce new Nexus devices, as it does every year, well in advance of the holiday shopping season.
An Android M developer preview is being made available today for the Nexus 5, Nexus 6, Nexus 9, and the Nexus Player.
To view all of VentureBeat's Google I/O coverage, click here.
Epochal Manic Street Preachers album Everything Must Go turns 20 this year. Released at the height of Britpop, it was a record that soundtracked those heady days in the '90s yet stood a step apart from it all as the band's hook-laden rock with its euphoric orchestration and socially and politically-charged lyrical themes delivered more than just ‘cigarettes and alcohol'.
The album bagged the Manics awards, fans and record sales by the bucketload, and stood as a sad testament to their troubled missing fourth member, Richey Edwards, who had disappeared without word or warning in 1995 after helping write much of the record.
For drummer Sean Moore, the album's huge success was a recognition of the previous 10 years' graft, as the band matured from hyped indie iconoclasts to out-of-step glam rockers to critically acclaimed stadium rockers over four albums – and reinvigorated the band just as they'd been staring into a career abyss following the lukewarm reception given to their dark, third album the Holy Bible.
Their success assured by Everything Must Go, Sean, his cousin and guitarist/vocalist James Dean Bradfield and bassist Nicky Wire went on to cement their success with This Is Your Truth in 1998, and remain much-loved arena headliners after 12 albums.
When did the Manics first come together properly?
“For me it was all about when we recorded our first single, Suicide Alley, and then it seemed like we were a proper band. We spent five days and £1,000, which was a lot of money back in 1988. Then it felt like we were a band. It was five days in a proper studio, with mics and tape, and we spent sleepless nights trying to put it together, and then when we sent off the masters and got back the vinyl it was like we'd achieved something – though looking back on it we hadn't really! All we'd done was spend a load of money and had a little bit of a taste.
"We had a play on John Peel, I don't think he particularly liked it but he played it because we'd achieved making a vinyl record and sent it in."
“Then it was a matter of finding our way through the door. We sent our seven-inch vinyls off to radio stations and A&R departments and journalists that we thought might have some affinity with what we were trying to do. We had a play on John Peel, I don't think he particularly liked it but he played it because we'd achieved making a vinyl record and sent it in, and it opened the door then, people pricked up their ears.”
What was your approach to drums on those early recordings?
“The early days really it was more – then again it's followed me all the way through – just playing to the vocal line and not trying to trash the melody, then just try to be as tasteful as possible.I was always constantly learning anyway, back then my heroes were Charlie Watts and Ringo Starr, because I thought if they can do it anyone can, and it was a sort of very punk rock approach to it.”
(Image: JACOB SILBERBERG/AP/Press Association Images)
Iraq has blazed its way back onto the world's front pages in the past 48 hours, with the seemingly sudden capture of the cities of Mosul and Tikrit by an extremist group. The group seems to be targeting the region's rivers: its main geostrategic vulnerability. It now controls the upper reaches of both the Tigris and Euphrates in Iraq.
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) considers itself the true government of a region stretching from Israel to Iraq. It has been among the rebels fighting Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, and controls the territory in eastern Syria around Deir al-Zour.
Despite the apparent suddenness, ISIS's assault on Iraq has been brewing for six months. Last January, ISIS started fighting its way from Syria down the Euphrates river into Iraq. In May it captured the town of Fallujah, the scene of bloody fighting during the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq. This week, ISIS captured Iraq's second-largest city Mosul, on the Tigris river, then advanced down the Tigris to the town of Tikrit, and beyond it to the Shiite holy town of Samarra. Both Samarra and Fallujah are within striking distance of the capital Baghdad.
Advertisement
It is not clear at the time of writing whether ISIS will launch a military attack on Baghdad, or even if it could take the heavily armed city in a pitched battle.
Choke points
But it may not need to. Iraq is ancient Mesopotamia, the once-fertile floodplain of the Tigris and Euphrates that cradled the first human civilisation. The rivers remain crucial to the farming on which most Iraqis depend, according to a report by the International Centre for Agricultural Research on the Dry Areas, which was once based in Aleppo, Syria, but has now decamped to Amman in Jordan to avoid fighting.
ISIS now controls several major dams on the rivers, for instance at Haditha and Samarra. It also holds one 30 kilometres north of Mosul that was built on fragile rock and poses a risk of collapse. It holds at least 8 billion cubic metres of water. In 2003, there were fears Iraqi troops might destroy the dam to wipe out invading forces. US military engineers calculated that the resulting wave would obliterate Mosul and even hit Baghdad.
ISIS has already used water as a weapon, in a smaller way. In late April ISIS stopped flow through the relatively small Nuaimiyah dam on the Euphrates in Fallujah, reportedly with the aim of depriving Baghdad and southern Iraq of water. It could also have been to block military approaches to the town.
Instead, the river backed up and poured into an irrigation canal, flooding the town of Abu Ghraib and dozens of surrounding villages over 200 square kilometres. Five people died, and 20,000 to 40,000 families fled to Baghdad. The water may have permanently damaged soils, and deprived farmers downstream of vital irrigation water at a critical time of year. Southern Iraq is mainly populated by Shiite Muslims, to whom ISIS and its Sunni allies are opposed.
The Old Mill is a simple tavern at the end of some docks that is popular because of its proximity with the docks where many workers go. It proudly serves five kinds of suds to patrons and features small stage and gambling tables around the room. It's run by an ex-chef and his barkeep wife, Betsy (who doubles as The Mill's bouncer).
The served suds are:
Bilgewater Brew
Dwarven Mist (light and refreshing)
Sturdyheart Stout
Orc Rudder
Ale. Just Ale.
The PCs found Neum here and asked him about a ship he might have available called The Falcon.
At The Mill there are three games of chance available to play:
The Queen's Dirty Eye
Played in some of the shadier pubs where the Queen's influence does not extend, The Queen's Dirty Eye can be as vulgar a game as you wish. Depending on how badly they lose, sometimes players drop their trousers to show the table the Queen's Dirty Eye, while other times the entire table just shouts it out and all take a drink. It's a game played by those who fall through the cracks of society and people who toil every day of their lives. It's played like this:
Everyone makes a wager and rolls 1d8 (record the number). They wager again and roll another 1d8 (record this number too). Now, they can sit on their total or roll again (winner is closest to, but not exceeding 15). If you roll over, you forfeit your wagers. The Queen's Dirty Eye rears its head if anyone rolls a 1 at any time (the same result as rolling over 15). You lose all of your wagers if you roll a 1. The house wins draws.
Evens
A popular game in Kvothe's betting halls is called Evens. It's played like this:
Everyone playing bets any amount of money they'd like at the start of the turn. Dealer rolls 2d6. If numbers on both dice are even, betters double their wager. If the roll is double odds, the house keeps all bets. If the numbers are one odd and one even, everyone keeps their bets.
Betweens
Another popular game in Kvothe's betting halls is called Betweens. It's played like this:
Each player places a bet. Each player takes turns rolling 2d20 to create a spread from high to low. They then roll another d20 (preferably another colour dice). If this roll is between the original spread, they win 2x their wager. If the roll is outside the spread the house wins . The house also wins ties.
I also included the map that I used for the tavern in case you want to use it too! In the photo, all of the raised 2x2s are tables. The brown 2x2 at the right is a small stage (in case the party bard wanted to play), and the long strip of cardboard is the actual bar. There is a hard-to-see door open at the bottom of the image if you're looking for it.
This was a great way to break up the action in Friday night's game and everyone had fun counting money, placing bets, and interacting socially. In the end, the NPC they were meeting to talk about his boat ended up winning The Queen's Dirty Eye and when he raised a glass to celebrate, dice fell out of his sleeve resulting in an epic bar brawl.
Extra fun: the NPC's name was Neum and his boat was The Falcon. The Mill was at the end of the dock, they met Neum about The Falcon:
Mill end neum Falcon
My players are top-tier Star Wars nerds so I tossed in a secret word puzzle for them too. It never came up in the game at all, but I like to toss in secret references to engage them all on a meta level as well. Very few dice towers are built when everything is a clue. ;)
- Mathew out!
PS: if you right-click the image above you can view it in a new tab in it's full-size glory. :)
**Teeccino contains barley, so if you need to avoid gluten an organic decaf would be a better option.
Print Recipe
Homemade Cinnamon Strudel Coffee Creamer
I prefer to strain each of the creamers through a fine mesh sieve to prevent any spices floating in my coffee. If this doesn't matter to you, then simply skip this step. Also, if you prefer a sweeter creamer, than simply add extra maple syrup. Prefer it a bit more creamy? Substitute some of the milk with heavy cream. The creamers keep for about 10 days in the refrigerator.
Makes about 2 cups
1 cup whole milk
1 cup heavy cream
4 tablespoons maple syrup
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon almond extract
Instructions
Whisk together milk, cream, maple syrup and cinnamon in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When the mixture begins to steam, remove from the heat. Stir in extracts. Strain through a fine mesh sieve, pour into a glass bottle and store in the refrigerator.
Homemade Chocolate Almond Coffee Creamer
If you prefer a sweeter creamer, than simply add extra maple syrup. Prefer it a bit more creamy? Substitute some of the milk with heavy cream. The creamers keep for about 10 days in the refrigerator.
1 cup whole milk
1 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons cocoa powder
4 tablespoons maple syrup
1 teaspoon almond extract
Whisk together milk, cream, cocoa powder, and maple syrup in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When mixture begins to steam, remove from the heat and stir in almond extract. Pour in a glass container and store in the refrigerator.
Homemade Pumpkin Spice Coffee Creamer
If you prefer a sweeter creamer, than simply add extra maple syrup. Prefer it a bit more creamy? Substitute some of the milk with heavy cream. The creamers keep for about 10 days in the refrigerator. Makes about 2 cups.
1 cup whole milk
1 cup heavy cream
3 tablespoons pureed pumpkin
1 teaspoon pumpkin spice
4 tablespoons maple syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Whisk together milk, cream, pumpkin, pumpkin spice, and maple syrup in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When mixture begins to steam, remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract. Strain through a fine mesh sieve, pour into a glass bottle and store in the refrigerator.
Homemade French Vanilla Coffee Creamer
If you prefer a sweeter creamer, than simply add extra maple syrup. Prefer it a bit more creamy? Substitute some of the milk with heavy cream. The creamers keep for about 10 days in the refrigerator. Makes about 2 cups.
1 cup whole milk
1 cup heavy cream
4 tablespoons maple syrup
1 vanilla bean
Whisk together milk, cream and maple syrup in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cut vanilla bean in half, and scrape out seeds. Add seeds and vanilla bean to milk mixture. Turn off heat, cover the pot and steep for 30 minutes. After mixture has steeped, strain through a fine mesh sieve, pour into a glass bottle and store in the refrigerator. (If you don't have a vanilla bean on hand, simply replace it with 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract)
Homemade Peppermint Mocha Coffee Creamer
If you prefer a sweeter creamer, than simply add extra maple syrup. Prefer it a bit more creamy? Substitute some of the milk with heavy cream. The creamers keep for about 10 days in the refrigerator.
1 cup whole milk
1 cup heavy cream
4 tablespoons maple syrup
3 tablespoons cocoa powder
1 teaspoon peppermint extract
Whisk together milk, cream, maple syrup, and cocoa in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When mixture begins to steam, remove from the heat and stir in the peppermint extract. Strain through a fine mesh sieve, pour into a glass bottle and store in the refrigerator.
Sarah Dilorenzo, The Associated Press
São Paulo -- A man broke into a house in southeastern Brazil where his ex-wife was ringing in the New Year and shot and killed her, their son and at least 10 other people before taking his own life, military police said Sunday.
The man was carrying "several firearms," when he attacked the family in Campinas, about 100 kilometres from São Paulo, according to Cpl. Marta Aurelia.
Thirteen people were killed, including the man's ex-wife, the couple's 8-year-old boy and other family members. Aurelia wasn't sure if that total included the gunman. Another three people were wounded.
At least one of those wounded escaped by running to a neighbour's house. Neighbor Christiano Machado said he heard the shots a little before midnight but assumed they were fireworks.
"When we opened the gate to go into the street to see the fireworks, the celebrations, a wounded person came into our yard. He entered, asking for help," he said in a video posted on the G1 news portal.
Violence against women is prevalent in Brazil, where disturbing cases are reported nearly every day. In May, images and video shared on social media brought to light the apparent gang rape of a 16-year-old girl in a case that rocked Brazil and drew promises from the government that more would be done to stem such violence. But shocking attacks have continued. In October, a 34-year-old woman alleged she was gang-raped in a bar on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro and a man was caught on security video brutally beating up a woman, also in a bar.
The government has tried to address the problem. In 2015, it stiffened penalties for homicides of women and girls in which gender played a role. At the time, authorities said 15 women are killed daily in Brazil, often in situations of domestic violence.
The shooting capped off a year when violence in Brazil was in the spotlight as it hosted the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. Much of the violence happens among drug-trafficking gangs or between those gangs and police in the sprawling slums of Brazil's major cities. Civilians and tourists have occasionally been caught up in that violence, often when they take a wrong turn and accidentally find themselves in a dangerous neighbourhood.
Last week also saw the killing of the Greek ambassador. Investigators believe that a policeman who was having an affair with the diplomat's wife carried assault after conspiring with her.
Note: Originally published February 29, 2016.
The founder and CEO of Jimmy John's, a restaurant chain famous for the quick delivery of its products, is under fire for a 2010 African safari he participated in.
Jimmy John Liautaud took elephants, a rhino, and a leopard, along with plains game species — posing afterward for photos with a smile on his face and a thumbs up. Liautaud's trophy hunting angered many and led to numerous calls for boycotts of his company. That anger has waxed and waned over the years as the photos have sporadically resurfaced, but the hunter began receiving consistent flak in the fall of 2015 after “Cecil” the lion's death earlier that year.
Twitter user Jonah Lupton began stirring the pot again in August 2015, calling Liautaud a “scumbag” and literally begging the public to boycott Jimmy John's as retaliation. No one has alleged that the hunts were illegal or handled in an unsportsmanlike manner, but the public continues to decry Liautaud's choice to hunt species that are considered endangered.
In a Chicago Tribune article from Nov. 3, 2015, Liautaud said the hunts have certainly had an effect on his reputation, if not his business. He reportedly cried during the interview as he discussed the backlash.
“I choose to hunt and I choose to fish,” he said. “Everything I've done has been totally legal. And the meat has been eaten, if not by me then by someone I'm with.”
While still an avid hunter, Liautaud said he no longer hunts African big game.
The infamy from his 2010 safari is of particular importance in 2016. Business Insider said Jimmy John's may be hurt by the reaction to Liautaud's safari as it prepares to go public soon — an assessment Wall Street Journal seconded.
Atlantic Street Capital is reportedly considering Jimmy John's as a potential investment, but declined a WSJ request for comment on whether the boycott would effect its decision. Atlantic has already bought a Jimmy John's franchise in the Greater Chicago area.
The chain was founded in Charleston, IL and is currently made up of 2,300 locations, with Liautaud's hopes to double that in five years.
Liautaud founded Jimmy John's in 1983 at the age of 19, building the sandwich empire around a reputation for speedy delivery. He told the Chicago Tribune, “Delivery was never a strategy. Delivery was really survival.” Its ad slogan, “Freaky Fast,” has been used in radio, television, and print advertisements to great effect.
During the month of May, we saw a pair of key players decide to forgo free agency. Nationals starter Stephen Strasburg, by far the best projected free agent from the 2016-17 class, signed a seven-year, $175MM extension that includes heavy deferrals and two opt-out clauses. I believe Strasburg left at least $50MM on the table in making the surprising decision to sign. With Strasburg off the market, we're unlikely to see any $100MM pitchers this winter after four hurlers reached that mark last offseason.
Francisco Cervelli, projected to be the best catcher on the 2016-17 free agent market, signed a three-year, $31MM extension with the Pirates. Cervelli may have left $20MM or more on the table in signing his new deal.
So, we've lost the #1 and #10 free agents on last month's power rankings. Below, I've ranked the remaining projected free agents by earning power. You can view the full list of 2016-17 MLB free agents here.
1. Yoenis Cespedes. With 15 home runs in his first 193 plate appearances, Cespedes has a good chance to reach 40 for the first time. He's increasingly likely to opt out of the remaining two years and $47.5MM on his contract with the Mets. The 30-year-old slugger could be the only free agent to reach $100MM this offseason, underlining the lack of relatively young high-end players on the market.
2. Jose Bautista. The most noteworthy part of Bautista's May was his run-in with Rougned Odor's fist. Bautista served a one-game suspension for his role in the ensuing brawl. At the moment, I'm projecting a four-year deal in the $100MM range for Bautista, who turns 36 in October.
3. Josh Reddick. Reddick fractured his left thumb during a headfirst slide on May 19th. While the injury will not require surgery, he's expected to be out until late June. Reddick was swinging a hot bat leading up to the injury. Assuming he continues to produce upon his return, I don't see the injury affecting his earning power. I can see a five-year deal approaching $100MM.
4. Kenley Jansen. Not much has changed with Jansen, who has a shot at a five-year deal. It seems likely that a reliever will end up with the largest pitching contract of the offseason.
5. Edwin Encarnacion. Encarnacion recovered from an ugly April to post a solid May. He could wind up with a three-year deal with a salary in excess of $20MM.
6. Dexter Fowler. Fowler continued to rake in the month of May, hitting .295/.403/.476. He currently ranks third among position players with 3.2 wins above replacement, after Mike Trout and Manny Machado. I'm projecting a four-year deal in excess of $60MM for Fowler, after he was left with a disappointing one-year deal last winter.
7. Aroldis Chapman. Chapman made his Yankees debut on May 9th after serving a 30-day suspension for a domestic violence incident. He's looked as dominant as ever, and a large free agent payday is in the offing. The question is whether Chapman can get a five-year deal, in light of that October incident.
8. Neil Walker. Walker posted another solid month for the Mets. In a thin market, perhaps he could land a Chase Headley contract (four years, $52MM) if he keeps going strong.
9. Rich Hill. Hill now has 11 starts under his belt this year with a 2.25 ERA and 10.4 K/9. The southpaw, who turns 37 next March, has come a long way in the last year. He appears to have a good chance at a four-win season, which generally seemed impossible for most of the last decade. Despite Hill's age, I think a three-year deal in excess of $40MM is within reach.
10. Mark Trumbo. After another big power month, Trumbo is now tied for third in the AL with 15 home runs. If he winds up near 40 home runs this year, a strong three-year deal becomes possible. However, his value is hurt by his defensive limitations.
Carlos Gomez, who was ranked fifth on this list last month, has dropped out of the top ten. The hope is that he'll finally start hitting after serving a May DL stint for bruised ribs. However, at this point he's a candidate to take a one-year deal to rebuild value.
Four players were very close to making the list: catchers Matt Wieters and Wilson Ramos, and outfielders Michael Saunders and Ian Desmond. Each of them appears to be setting up for a three-year deal at this point. If four years start to seem likely for any of these players, they'll have a spot in the top ten.
With the 56th pick in the second-round of the NBA Draft, the Boston Celtics have selected Cal guard Jabari Bird.
Bird was not the only Bear who heard his name called this evening as teammate Ivan Rabb was selected by the Memphis Grizzlies with the 35th overall pick.
In four years at Cal, Bird averaged 16.3 points, 5.0 rebounds and 1.8 assists per 40 minutes. From his shooting to defensive abilities, Bird consistently showed growth in his games with the Bears as his Player Efficiency Rating improved after every season.
Bird's calling card is his three-point shooting; the guard shot 37% from three-point land with a True Shooting Percentage of 55.5% during his tenure at Cal, including a blistering 40.9% from downtown during his junior season.
With a 6'6”, 198-pound frame with a 6'8” wingspan, Bird has the build to guard point guards, shooting guards and potentially small forwards, but he'll need to add substantial muscle to consistently hold his own against NBA bodies.
Bird was the last of Boston's four selections during this draft. The guard will join the Celtics' draft class composed of No. 3 selection Jayson Tatum, No. 37 selection Semi Ojeleye and No. 53 selection Kadeem Allen.
Justice delos Santos is the sports editor. Contact him at [email protected]. Follow him on Twitter @jdelossantos510
19-year-old Bayer Leverkusen winger Leon Bailey is widely tipped as one of the most exciting teenagers in European Football, but he's clearly still got a lot of growing up to do.
The Jamaican youngster was on a weekend holiday to Genk (his former club in Belgium) last week when he spotted someone acting a bit odd in the gym, and decided to go for the dick move of filming him and posting it on the internet.
He posted a video of someone doing boxing movement drills in front of the mirror, laughed, and called him a clown.
Thinking it would be a funny snap that he could send to his followers and nothing more, he posted the video and went about his day. Unfortunately for him, it quickly became clear that the man he was mocking was apparently a professional boxer by the name of Atif Tanriseven Ribera.
Word got back to the boxer and he was very upset. In an interview with HBVL.be, Ribera revealed that he asked his Facebook followers if anybody knew where he could find Bailey, and remarkably someone informed him that he was at a cafe in the city centre.
Ribera then took off on a mission to find the footballer and scold him, and he decided to broadcast the confrontation on Facebook Live. The boxer quickly found his target and gave him a clear fright as he forced him to delete the Snapchat post gave him a lecture about how you should never mock people in the gym.
Advertisement
He didn't think it was so funny in retrospect.
Filming someone in the gym and laughing at them on the internet is such a cowardly move, so it's good to see justice served so quickly in this example as often whoever does it get away without any punishment. Bailey will now certainly think twice before he mocks someone on social media.
As much as he tried to act cool and play it off, he will have gotten a bit of a fright from that, and rightly so. Being a ridiculously talented young footballer does not give you the right to act like a tit.
[via HBVL.be]
Image copyright EPA/Facebook Image caption Walter Palmer faced a huge backlash online over his killing of Cecil the lion
The US dentist who sparked an international outcry after killing a lion in Zimbabwe will not be prosecuted because he had obtained the legal authority to hunt, officials say.
Walter Palmer admitted to killing Cecil the lion in July but has always denied that he acted illegally.
Zimbabwe's Environment Minister Oppah Muchinguri said he could not be charged as all his "papers were in order".
Mrs Muchinguri said Zimbabwe would now review how it issues hunting licences.
The environment minister had previously called for Mr Palmer to be extradited and face prosecution. However, it appears that Mr Palmer broke no laws when he killed the lion using a bow and arrow.
"We approached the police and then the Prosecutor General, and it turned out that [Walter] Palmer came to Zimbabwe because all the papers were in order," Mrs Muchinguru said.
Meanwhile the trial against Mr Palmer's Zimbabwean guide, Theo Bronkhurst, is due to continue on Thursday.
Mr Bronkhurst denies the charge of "failing to prevent an illegal hunt".
Cecil the lion
Image copyright AFP
A major tourist attraction in Hwange National Park
The 13-year-old animal was renowned for being friendly towards visitors
Recognisable because of his large size and distinctive black mane
Led two prides containing six lionesses and 12 cubs along with another lion, Jericho
Was being monitored as part of an Oxford University study into lion conservation
What Cecil the lion means to Zimbabwe
How the internet hunted the hunter
How do you transport a lion's head?
Cecil the lion in pictures
After his name was revealed by the press, Mr Palmer's dentistry practice and home were targeted by protesters. He has now returned to work after a two-month break.
The 55-year-old is believed to have paid $50,000 (£32,000) to hunt the lion in Zimbabwe's largest game reserve.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Walter Palmer faced protests after killing Cecil the lion
Image copyright AP Image caption In July, vandals spray-painted "lion killer" on the garage of Mr Palmer's holiday home in Florida
Speaking publicly for the first time about the incident last month, he told the Associated Press and Minneapolis Star Tribune that if he had known who the animal was he would not have killed it.
"If I had known this lion had a name and was important to the country or a study obviously I wouldn't have taken it," Mr Palmer said. "Nobody in our hunting party knew before or after the name of this lion."
Mr Palmer also revealed that his wife and daughter had faced intimidation.
"They've been threatened in the social media, and again… I don't understand that level of humanity to come after people not involved at all," he said.
An avid hunter who had previously visited Zimbabwe four times, Mr Palmer did not rule out returning to the country,
"I don't know about the future," he said.
"Zimbabwe has been a wonderful country for me to hunt in, and I have always followed the laws."
The German central bank, Bundesbank, on Friday issued new growth projections for Europe's biggest economy, expecting output to expand by 1.4 percent in 2014, 1.0 percent in 2015 and 1.6 percent in 2016.
The Bundesbank's second bi-annual growth report marks a downward revision of figures, which were previously estimated at 1.9 percent, 2.0 percent and 1.8 percent for the three years, respectively.
The report noted that following a brisk start to the year 2014, with 0.8 percent output growth in the first quarter "due to the mild winter," the German economy lost momentum to a "surprising extent." Between April and July, Germany's gross domestic product (GDP) actually shrunk by 0.2 percent, while virtually stagnating in the third quarter at a plus of 0.1 percent.
"However, there is reason to hope that the current sluggish phase will prove to be short-lived," Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann said in a statement.
Weidmann justified his confident assessment by stating that the German economy was still in "remarkably good shape."
"This is not only benefitting the domestic economy, but is also enabling German exporters to seize opportunities on foreign markets," he added.
Wages to boost spending, inflation
In the course of 2015, these opportunities were expected to increase provided that the eurozone recovery strengthened and world trade gathered momentum, the bank said.
Moreover, wage hikes and the introduction of a minimum wage in Germany would bolster household spending, which has become a main pillar of GDP expansion here. This in turn would lead to rising prices and the German inflation rate, which the Bundesbank forecast to come in at 0.9 percent this year, 1.1 percent in 2015 and 1.8 percent in 2016.
Economic development for Germany could even be better over the next three years as a continuation of low oil prices would have the effect of a "small stimulus package," reducing costs for both households and businesses.
"Economic growth in 2015 and 2016 could turn out to be between 0.1 percent and 0.2 percentage points higher in each case," the bank asserted, with inflation probably lower by half a percentage point.
uhe/pad (dpa, AFP)
Mayor Rob Ford flexed his political muscle, easily winning victories on three key campaign planks including a contentious request to the province to declare the TTC an essential service. But it's not clear if these early victories have given Ford the political capital he will need to pursue his more controversial pledges, such as contracting out garbage, killing Transit City and delivering a property tax freeze.
The facial expressions of new Mayor Rob Ford during his first council meeting on Dec. 16, 2010. ( RENE JOHNSTON / TORONTO STAR )
“I think some of those issues — like killing Transit City — are probably going to be a little bit trickier for him,” Councillor Shelley Carroll said afterwards. However, that was not the case Thursday. After four hours of debate Thursday, councillors voted 39-6 to repeal the unpopular vehicle tax as of Jan. 1. Then hours later in the early evening, they voted 28-17 to ask Dalton McGuinty's provincial government to declare the TTC essential, which would deny transit workers the right to strike. McGuinty said earlier in the week that he is “very open to the idea.” An unhappy Bob Kinnear, president of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 113, said after the vote that an essential service designation would produce “more work-to-rules” and “more labour-management unrest”; he said council had voted to abandon century-old workers' rights.
Article Continued Below
TTC chair Karen Stintz said the vote reflected the will of the public. “Certainly the firefighters and the police are deemed essential, and if you asked Torontonians what they believe, they believe transit is essential,” she said. The new city council also voted to reduce councilor office expense budgets from $50,445 to $30,000. That passed 40 to 5. Rookie councillor Jaye Robinson, who is a member of Ford's executive committee, said the day could very well be an indication of what's to come. “I think that there's probably a trend here forming on those key issues that he clearly had overwhelming support for during the campaign,” she said. “Whether that will carry to everything, I'm not sure, but certainly I think he'll have the support of council on those real Ford issues.” As for what that means for Transit City, Robinson predicts a compromise will be negotiated.
Ford later told reporters he was excited to put money back in taxpayer's pockets. “It's a great day. And I campaigned on this. And I want to thank my colleagues for supporting this huge tax cut,” Ford said later. “I look forward to saving the taxpayer's more money in the next four years.”
Article Continued Below
Throughout the morning, left-wing councillors grilled Ford on how he planned to make up for the $64 million in lost car tax revenue, without cutting city services. The mayor has promised no “major” cuts and last week at executive committee went even further: “no cuts.” The mayor and his administration have still not provided specific examples as to where they will find the necessary savings. On Tuesday, city manager Joe Pennachetti said there is a $280 million surplus from the 2010 operating budget. Councillors unsuccessfully tried to pin Ford down on whether he planned to use that one-time money to balance his budget, which will be launched Jan. 10. The mayor suggested cuts are still on the table after he — along with a majority of council — voted against two motions that would have prevented city services being slashed as a result of the vehicle tax repeal. For the most part, it appeared from Thursday's council meeting the left-wing was picking their battles when it comes to Ford's initiatives. It was apparent early on in the day that the vehicle tax was doomed, with progressive councillors such as former budget chief Shelley Carroll pledging to support the mayor. “It's time we admit we failed,” she said. “We did not explain” to Torontonians what the tax would be used for. Council also voted down a motion from Councillor Anthony Perruzza to retroactively repeal the tax as of September 2010, which would have meant issuing refunds to those who had to renew over the past three months. Perruzza had argued this would have been the fairest, since everyone in the city would have had to pay the fee twice. Ford defended the move afterwards by saying he can't go back and fix everything his predecessor did. “Merry Christmas to all our constituents,” speaker Frances Nunziata said after the vote. Deputy mayor Doug Holyday said he plans to consult councillors on narrowing the list of allowable office expenses so that they could no longer use money from their office budget to sponsor sports teams and make donations to local groups in their ward. And while he supported dropping the spending limit to $30,000 from $50,445, Holyday said $30,000 is still relatively generous. “I personally would have preferred less. But I'm willing to go along with what's happened here and I think the mayor gets full marks for putting that up.” With files from Paul Moloney
Android TV Live Channels OTA DVR Usage and Review
In the previous post I went over how to setup the Android TV 7 Live Channels DVR functionality. How that we have it up and running let me fill you in on what it can and cannot do.
Scheduling recordings:
You can record from live TV play controls by using the record button or from the EPG guide.
Once selected you will be presented with the option to either record a single program or to start series recording
Selecting “This single program” will start or schedule recording right away.
Selecting “Entire series” will take you through few additional options where you can select the priority of this series in relation to other recordings you have scheduled as well as recording this program on all channels or only the one you selected.
If you select all channels it seems to be showing “conflicts” with itself. It does not affect the operation.
Here is what the empty DVR section looks like without any recordings
This screen shows one episode of “Shark Tank” recorded and scheduled “Saturday Night Live”
From here you can play and delete your recordings and find them by series and genre.
Here are some more scheduled recordings added to the DVR. You can also see how you can filter what you want to see by the type of program.
Here you can see the full schedule for all of your DVR recordings where you can adjust them as necessary.
Let's go over the functionality.
EPG guide only shows 48 hours of data and there is no search either. You will have to browse through the EPG guide to find what you want to record. This is a major pain and since only 48 hours are shown you have to wait until your desired program is available through EPG so you can schedule it. Once you start series recording it's automated from there on. Sports are also considered as series and you can choose what you want to record by type/league such as NFL, NHL, NBA, Soccer and others. This was one of the major reasons I wanted to record live TV.
Application is very fast and there is hardly any wait while switching channels, selecting functions, scheduling, playing recorded content, etc. This is a nice change compared to Tablo which was slow pretty much everywhere. I will record the video of functionality and post on Youtube in the next couple of days.
There are a few pain points which I would like to discuss:
EPG guide only shows 48 hours as previously mentioned There is no search so you have to browse through EPG to find what you want to record Only what is currently airing is shown when filtering via EPG Once recording is started you have to wait until it is finished to watch it. You cannot go back to the beginning and watch while it is recording. This is the biggest problem for me for sports. I hate watching football live due to the outrageous number of commercials. On other DVR solutions I was able to start watching the game at any point this allowed me to fast forward through commercials. No such luck here. It would be great if it allowed this functionality. All approved USB tuners are single tuner only which results in a lot of conflicts. It would be nice if dual tuners or HD Homerun tuners (Connect, Extend or Prime) devices were allowed. Maybe it's possible to connect two USB tuners… I'll try once I get my hands on one.
Summary:
Overall I am very satisfied with this solution. Granted there are limitations which I hope will be resolved soon but it works great and while you are connecting a couple of hardware pieces together it requires minimum tinkering to get it working. Hopefully Nvidia Shield TV will enable this support soon so more of you can take advantage of this.
It doesn't hurt that I had all the pieces of this setup laying around the house so my cost was very minimal (USB adapter cable and USB hub as discussed here)
Network model and enhanced surgical skills training for GPs hold promise for improving rural population health outcomes.
An important and unprecedented collaboration between Canadian surgeons, obstetricians/gynaecologists, and family doctors aims to address the wave of closures of maternity services and small-volume surgical programs in rural parts of Canada. Together, the Canadian Association of General Surgeons, the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada, the College of Family Physicians of Canada, and the Society of Rural Physicians of Canada developed a Joint position paper on rural surgery and operative delivery, which was published in the Canadian Journal of Rural Medicine. The paper is part of an integrated, multidisciplinary, evidence-based plan to ensure the availability of well-trained practitioner teams to sustain safe, effective, and high-quality rural surgical and obstetric services.
“In Canada there has been a significant attrition of rural maternity services over the past 15 years. We know that rural maternity services are more sustainable when they are supported by surgical services (caesarean section). This requires attention on other surgical services to underscore them,” explains Vancouver Coastal Health Research Institute scientist and paper co-author Dr. Jude Kornelsen. “That our organizations have all come together to admit this is a problem and come up with a theoretical solution that we're all on board with is phenomenal. This has been many decades coming.”
In their paper, the authors propose that a networked system of specialist-generalist surgical care, in which there would be formal interprofessional service networks between small surgical services and regional referral and tertiary services, would be the most effective way to meet surgical and maternity care needs within Canada's rural communities.
Previous studies have shown that when women from rural areas have to travel to access labour and delivery health services, they and their newborns experience more adverse outcomes and increased interventions. And when other health care services require a patient to travel far from home, patients bear the social costs of separation from family and community, including but not limited to the health and well-being of family members left behind, and financial implications for the family.
The authors' proposed network model has small operating rooms recognized as extensions of core referral hospital programs. Similar hub-and-spoke models have been successfully implemented in other countries such as Australia.
Also central to the researchers' proposal is extra training for general practitioners (GPs) who would like to gain enhanced surgical skills for procedures such as appendectomies, endoscopies, hernia repair, etc.
“Sustaining surgical services and affecting the best population outcomes is going to depend on a strong work force of such GPs,” says Dr. Kornelsen, who is also an associate professor in the Department of Family Practice and co-director of the Centre for Rural Health Research in the Faculty of Medicine at the University of British Columbia. “We have to start thinking about training; we don't have that right now.”
“Primary maternity care is more sustainable when there exists surgical backup for Caesarean sections (C-sections). And we know that surgical backup can't just be providing C-sections – we need to have a whole operating-room slate with folks able to do small procedures in these rural communities,” adds Dr. Kornelsen.
“If we organize these networks, we have the incredible potential of having a lot of the surgical procedures that are currently done in the big operating rooms done in the smaller ones and that would definitely have an impact system-wide.”
While there may be some trepidation around extending GPs' responsibilities into the surgical arena, studies have shown that GPs with enhanced surgical skills have very good outcomes for procedures deemed appropriate and that safety is not an issue.
“Also, to have the Canadian Association of General Surgeons and the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists on board, saying, ‘Yes, we need to move forward on this to make sure we have good population health outcomes,' is fantastic,” adds Dr. Kornelsen.
Dr. Kornelsen and her collaborators are currently discussing next steps such as moving to a proof-of-concept phase where they attempt setting up a formalized network and solidifying an implementation plan.
Getting hot and sweaty might not be great for comfort but it's brilliant for mental health. If getting hot and sweaty isn't your thing, stay with me – there are other ways to get the full mental health benefits of exercise without the intensity and your brain will love you for it – like, love you. Exercise is the wonderdrug-but-not-a-drug of the mental health world. Volumes of research have testified to its incredible capacity to strengthen mental health, and now we're starting to uncover why.
There is no doubt that exercise is as important to mental health as it is to physical health. People with anxiety and depression have lower levels of vital neurochemicals. The exact cause of these lower levels is unclear and researchers are working hard to understand the full picture. What we do know is that regardless of the cause, when the levels of these neurochemicals are restored to healthy levels, the symptoms of anxiety and depression tend to fade.
Neurochemicals are chemicals in the brain that allow brain cells to communicate with each other. Everything we do depends on the strength of this chatter between brain cells. The better the communication between cells (as in faster and stronger) the stronger that part of the brain will be, and the more effectively the different parts of the brain will work together.
Two of the neurochemicals that have an important role in mental health, particularly anxiety and depression, are glutamate and gamma-aminobutyric acid – let's call it ‘GABA' for short.
New research published in the Journal of Neuroscience has found that exercise restores the levels of these two neurochemicals to healthy levels.
How exercise strengthens the brain against anxiety.
Some brain cells are born with the personality of puppies. They are easily excited and quick to fire up. We need these. They are healthy and normal and help us to function when we need to be ‘on'. It is because of these excitable neurons (brain cells) that we can think quickly, act quickly and remember. In the right amount and at the right times, these neurons are little gems.
To stop the excitable neurons getting too carried away and causing trouble, the brain has a neurochemical, GABA, which is the brain's ‘calm down' chemical. GABA plays a key role in the way the body responds to stress. Its main job is to settle the brain cells that get a little too playful and over-excited. If the levels of GABA in the brain are low, there's nothing to calm these over-excited neurons.
Sometimes too much of a good thing is wonderful. Sometimes it causes anxiety. When there are too many excited neurons firing up for some fight or flight action in the absence of any real need, anxiety happens. Anxiety is the brain doing what healthy brains are meant to do, but a little too much.
Most of the substances that ease the symptoms of anxiety (alcohol, medication) work by boosting GABA in the brain. A group of drugs that are commonly used for anxiety are benzodiazepines. They work by mimicking the role of GABA in the brain. These drugs have been prescribed widely for anxiety but research is now discovering that extended term use has enormous potential to harm the brain. Exercise is a healthy, non-synthetic way to elevate the same neurochemicals that are targeted by anti-anxiety medication.
How exercise eases depression.
Sometimes we need neurons to fire, but sometimes they can fire unnecessarily (as in anxiety) and we need them to calm down. The balance of excitement and inhibition of neurons needs to be kept in check. When the balance is knocked out, it can lead to anxiety or depression.
Glutamate is the main chemical in the brain that is responsible for stimulating the neurons that need to fire. It is involved in memory, emotions and cognition. When the levels of glutamate are too low or too high, depression happens.
When the levels of glutamate are too high.
The role of glutamate in the depression is complicated and depends on the levels in particular areas of the brain. Elevated levels of glutamate have been found in the brains of people with depression, specifically in the basal ganglia, an area that has a key role in motor control, motivation and decision-making. High levels of glutamate in this part of the brain have been associated with anhedonia (an inability to experience pleasure), and slow motor function.
When glutamate is too high, it can become toxic to neurons and glia (the cells that make sure the brain stays healthy). There is extensive research evidence that supports the relationship between systemic inflammation and depression. People with depression have all the primary markers of systemic inflammation (caused by stress, diet, toxins, allergies, illness). Researchers now think that one of the ways that inflammation may do this is by increasing glutamate levels in critical areas of the brain.
‘We think that one of the ways that inflammation may harm the brain and cause depression is by increasing levels of glutamate in sensitive regions of the brain, possibly through effects on glia.‘ – Ebrahim Haroon, MD, assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences, Emory University School of Medicine and Winship Cancer Institute.
And when the levels of glutamate are too low.
A large body of research has found that people with depression have low levels of glutamate in certain areas of the brain. These are the areas that are changed through exercise.
According to the STAR*D trial (Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression), the largest clinical trial study of treatments for major depressive disorder and funded by the National Institute of Mental Health, only about one third of people who use anti-depressants find long-term relief from their symptoms. For the remaining two thirds, treatment with an anti-depressant alone is not enough to relieve their depression.
Clearly something is missing. An abundance of research has shown that exercise may be the key. The research is early but it gives hope that exercise might be an effective alternative or adjunct to antidepressants. The researchers note that exercise as an alternative might be particularly important for people under the age of 25, who can sometimes experience more side effects from SSRIs, the widely used class of antidepressants that synthetically adjust the levels of neurotransmitters in the brain.
How exercise builds a happy brain.
Exercise elevates the levels of glutamate in the areas where it needs elevating.
Research published in the Journal of Neuroscience showed that after exercise, significant increases in glutamate were found in the visual cortex (which processes visual information) and the anterior cingulate cortex (which in involved in keeping heart rate steady, some cognitive functions and emotion). People who did not exercise did not show these increases.
‘Major depressive disorder is often characterized by depleted glutamate and GABA, which return to normal when mental health is restored. Our study shows that exercise activates the metabolic pathway that replenishes these neurotransmitters.' – Richard Maddock, study lead author and professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, University of California.
The effects of exercise on glutamate were still evident in the week following the exercise session.
During exercise, the brain uses up a lot of fuel in the form of glucose and other carbs, but up until recently, we haven't understood what the brain does with all of that energy. Now we have an idea. It seems that the brain is slurping up energy to make more of the neurochemicals that the brain needs to stay healthy and strong.
And if vigorous exercise isn't your thing …
If you firmly believe that under no circumstances should ‘vigorous' ever be paired with ‘exercise', then not to worry – science has your back too. New research has found that exercise and relaxation like yoga can ease anxiety. Relaxation and exercise aren't two words that you would typically expect to find together (or maybe that's just me) – but there they are. They've finally found each other and we're all the better for it.
How to start exercising when your favourite thing is ‘not exercising'.
Exercise can be a hard thing to get into if avoiding it is one of the things you do spectacularly well. The key is to start. The more you do it, the easier it will get. Pretty soon, you'll feel the difference it makes to your mood, even if you're still waiting for your muscles to arrive.
Find what you love. Anything that gets your heart pumping will be good for you, but the more you enjoy it, the more you'll stick with it. Think team sports, walking up a hill outdoors, dancing, martial arts, kicking a ball, riding a bike or a brisk walk. You're looking for long-term changes in brain health and mood, which will mean a long-term plan. ‘Vigorous' means whatever is vigorous for you. You just need to get your heart going. This will look different for everyone, depending on where you're starting from. It doesn't have to mean punching out 45 minutes on the ‘you've got to be kidding' level of on an exercise bike. It could be a brisk 20 minute walk or 8-10 minutes of going up and down the stairs a couple of times a day. Whatever works for you. Try for something you can do at least five times a week. Ahhh the feel-good. You know it's coming. Exercise triggers the release of endorphins and other feel-good chemicals. Know that they're coming – but you'll have to work for them. Some people will thrive on getting hot and sweaty, but for those of us who are more worried about not collapsing than thriving, knowing that the feel-good is coming can keep you on track. Be mindful of how you feel in the hours after you exercise and use this to tap into some needed motivation when you need to. Think of it as therapy. Or just remind yourself that this (session) too shall pass. Just get your shoes on … and then decide. Doing something hard involves a series of simple things put end to end. If you hate the thought of exercise, don't tell yourself that's what you're doing. Your body will go wherever your mind puts it. Start with the first simple step. Let's say, clothes. Tell yourself that you'll get dressed into something that would be okay to exercise in and then you'll decide what to do next – it might be exercise, it might be changing back into your comfy pants and eating spaghetti in front of tv. Once you're dressed, you may as well put your shoes on. That's all you have to do. After that, then you can decide. When your shoes are on, walk outside the front door and then see how you feel. Once you've done this you'll have some momentum up and it will be easier to keep going than it will be to stop. Just tell yourself you're going to only take one small step. It's ridiculous how convincing you can be. Be nice to you. OK? If you miss a day, don't let that slow you down. You haven't wrecked it and it isn't all for nothing. Just keep going tomorrow. If you whip yourself too hard when things don't go right, the temptation to pull out all together will be immense.
And finally …
Brains were meant to be in bodies that move. Fortunately, they don't need to move that well. Modern living has meant that we have everything at our fingertips. This is a beautiful thing – having to hunt for food and move between caves is something we can all do without, but we need to make sure that we give our stone-age brains what they need to thrive. One of the most vital of these is exercise. Though we are still working to understand why exercise is so important to mental health, we know for certain that the relationship is there, and that it's a powerful one.
In a recent series of tweets, I called out Ken Ham's Ark Encounter for the proposed $18 million in tax incentives the project applied for in an effort to help fund breaking ground on the long delayed project.
The Ark Encounter is an amusement styled park owned by Answers in Genesis, the same organization who runs The Creation Museum, and the park is based around the biblical myth of Noah's Flood.
Ham plans to recreate the ark for tourists to walk through and learn how a 600-year old man built a giant boat that housed all the animal species in the world while God killed everyone else in a massive genocidal flood.
Yet my beef is not with their message, as they have the right to believe in whatever crazy foolishness they so please. My issue is with their purpose of avoiding paying while proselytizing to park visitors.
When one visits an amusement park, you do not expect that they will indeed try to convert you to one religion or another, or shove their beliefs down your throat. Any organization that wishes to do such business would be a church, not a for-profit amusement park.
Yet the Ark Encounter is not a church. They pitch themselves as a tourist attraction that will bring in millions of dollars in revenue to the state of Kentucky, but why should anyone believe this claim?
The Creation Museum does not accomplish this task and instead the museum barely manages to bring in guests at all and has long operated just above the red, so says City Beat Magazine in 2012:
On its 2011 federal income tax return, Answers in Genesis reported a 5 percent drop in museum revenue to $5.1 million. Worse, AIG slumped to its first-ever financial loss — $540,218. As of deadline for City Beat's print edition, AIG hadn't provided financial results for fiscal 2012, which ended June 30.
Nearly 250,000 visitors is not a massive economy boost, to put that into perspective, the San Diego Zoo brings in nearly 5 million visitors a year. Of course, San Diego is a much nicer location for tourism, but one must not forget San Diego has its own creation museum and it brings in roughly 10,000 visitors annually, a rather large failure to the local economy.
So what proof do we have that Ham's new attraction will bring any visitors at all? There seems to be very little public interest in the park and they have failed to garner the donations needed to build the attraction on their own.
So what does Ham have to say about all of this?
It started with this tweet from Ham in response to an MSNBC story on the Ark Encounter to which you can see my reply.
And Ham is correct; the state is not handing over $18 million to the project, at least not upfront. What Ham ignores is what he is not going to be paying the state $18 million dollars in taxes on profits the organization brings in.
Ham believes I am lying about the tax incentives though:
Yet I flat out asked him and he said my statement is untrue, yet then wont take the incentive application off the table. He sticks to “no taxpayer money” but that was never my claim, or my question. Why avoid the actual question Ken?
His own team said they could not break ground until they knew if they could get this tax incentive, so wouldn't it reason that you do need this to make the project happen? So tell the taxpayers again why they wont see a massive influx of tax revenue from your attraction, yet you are not “taking” anything from them.
So Ham asked of me:
Interesting that he thinks I am against the state getting millions of more dollars while he has no issue pocketing $18 million. If he cares so much providing millions of dollars to the state, I know where he can start.
Now Ham wants to know why I am anti-employment, yet employment has never come up. Yet I wonder if we should be worried about employment, The Creation Museum runs the Careers page for the Ark Encounter and the page says that they require all applicants to submit a letter stating their belief in the creation myth, will the park allow anyone of any faith to work there?
Our work at Ark Encounter is not just a job, it is also a ministry. Our employees work together as a team to serve each other to produce the best solutions for our design requirements. Our purpose through the Ark Encounter is to serve and glorify the Lord with our God-given talents with the goal of edifying believers and evangelizing the lost.
So Ham states they will follow all the laws, yet their employment page says different. For a position that is being filled for the Ark Encounter for CAD Technical Designer, the job page says this:
How is this not a clear violation of an Equal Opportunity Employer and a clear violation of the separation of church and state? State tax incentives will be given to an organization with a clear message that they only hire those who are there to serve their lord “with the goal of edifying believers and evangelizing the lost.”
Ken Ham lied about following all the laws when it comes to hiring and they are already in clear violation of said laws for any for-profit business in the US.
Now Ham thinks I am applying what he calls a double standard to my thinking because I am not attacking the Kentucky Speedway for their tax incentive.
Well, lets look at that.
The Kentucky speedway is part of NASCAR, a multi-billion dollar industry and without question will bring in even more millions during races throughout the season and other events it hosts, but more importantly, when you enter the speedway, they will not be asking that you give their religious beliefs a try or cram any ancient mythology down your throat.
Ham also believes I am only biased because this is a Christian project, this is right and it is wrong. I don't care what religion it is, the project is meant to proselytize to the public one particular religious belief and therefore is not eligible for special state or federal tax incentives. So I am biased that Ham is trying to use secular tax incentives to push his beliefs.
Ham says of the tax incentives:
The Kentucky Tourism Development Act states, “This landmark legislation, the first of its kind in the nation, provides a sales tax incentive program for tourism development projects.” The Tourism Development Act is actually a brilliant move by the state of Kentucky to bring tourism dollars into the state. The Act does not discriminate against a project just because it has a Christian purpose–and, of course, it would be wrong to do so under the Constitution of the United States.
Again, yes the Act would be wrong to discriminate based solely on the fact it is a religious organization, yet it would not be wrong to do so if the organization was planning to use the incentives to push a particular religious agenda on visitors, employees, etc.
Ham's go-to argument here is always to call evolution a religion and claim that secular museums are proof of the government funding religion. That would take an entire other blog post to explain to Ken that evolution is not a religion, but I think he knows this and is only pandering to his audience.
But this is what Ham misses about the whole project, if he wants to claim this entire park is not one big endorsement of the Christian Bible he would be a flat out liar. If he wants to claim this park is not being created for the sole purpose of proselytizing his beliefs, he would again be an outright liar. So I ask now, “Ken, is your parks purpose to educate the public about your religious belief in a Great Flood story?”
I'll await his answer, but this park serves one purpose only, and don't let Ham fool anyone into thinking it's about tourism, state revenue or jobs, it is about his faith and his message.
He purposefully misrepresents my position against his foolish park as being anti-Christian, is it nothing but another attempt to play his persecution card, but the only card I am playing is the constitutional one that built the wall that separates church and state.
Ham had some advice about this post when he heard I was drafting it:
Yet again, the anti-Christian persecution card being played. Sorry Ken, but I am anti-Christianity exploiting tax dollars for it's own benefit the same as I am for any religious organization. I am not anti-Christian because that would be purely xenophobic and would make as much sense as being anti-cancer-patients because I hate cancer.
So no, I am not anti-Christian, I know and love many Christians, in fact Ken, I would probably like you when we are not discussing religion, but that doesn't mean I would be any more sympathetic to Christians exploiting the American people for their own means.
I hope that Ken will continue this discussion and will admit that his projects purpose is to push his Christian faith and at least stop pretending it is anything else. He has invited me to visit him at the museum, a trip I hope to make one of these days and I have reached out and invited him as my special guest to Apostacon, to which the promoters have said they would give us a platform to sit down and discuss these differences.
After 18 Albanians were picked up off the Kent coast trying to enter Britain in a rubber dinghy, the Channel has been dubbed the ‘New Mediterranean'. How long before we are waking up to this . . ?
Here is the Shipping Forecast, issued by the Met Office, on behalf of Her Majesty's Maritime and Coastguard Agency, at 00.15 hours Greenwich Mean Time on Tuesday 31st May, 2016.
There are warnings of Albanians in the English Channel. The general synopsis at one-eight-four-seven: 14 miles south of Folkestone, high probability of landings, drifting slowly West and filling, expected Dymchurch, by 06.00.
Some 18 Albanians were picked up off the Kent coast trying to enter Britain in a rubber dinghy, leading the Channel to be dubbed the 'New Mediterranean'
Viking: Low, 250 miles north-east, flotilla of Somalis spotted leaving Hamburg, moving steadily and deepening in the direction of Aberdeen, due Sunday.
Forties, Dogger: High chance of Iraqis, pretending to be Syrians, seen clinging to Lilos near North Sea oil rig, estimated time of arrival, somewhere between Bridlington and St Andrews, approximately 19.30 hours Saturday, immediately after Strictly Come Dancing.
Humber: Six to gale eight, occasionally severe to gale nine. Shipping advised to be on alert for Del Boy's Uncle Albert bearing migrants to Hull and back in decommissioned fishing vessel.
Cromarty, Forth, Burney: Heavy rain, forming in West of Scotland, turning to drivel later. Strong winds, veering six to seven, bringing hot air balloon full of alleged refugees to Holyrood. Watch out for mild cant, becoming extreme hypocrisy later. Disturbances expected outside Clansman, Craiglang, 21.30 hours.
Fisher, German Bight, Tyne: Convoy of Afghans on makeshift rafts built out of wooden pallets, located West, moving rapidly towards Cullercoats and Whitley Bay, believed to be in Dire Straits by low tide, expected Spanish City 0450 hours. Rain, then showers, moderate to good.
Fair Isle: Strong possibility of Ukranians veering Westerly, five to eight, bearing South, in upturned Lada four-door saloon, made seaworthy by sealing door-frames with chewing gum, arriving off the coast of Scarborough sometime during the Alan Ayckbourn festival.
THE PRINCE OF WAILS Those of us who warn about the creeping Islamification of Britain are routinely accused of being alarmist. So what are we to make of this photograph of Prince William, second in line to the throne, apparently praying to Mecca before taking to the polo field in Windsor at the weekend? Has he converted to Islam already? And how long before we're all singing Allah Save The Queen?
Humber, Thames: Heavy influx of Palestinians, pretending to be Kurds, moving through Mediterranean heading North West, due to arrive in Kingston upon Hull Thursday 07.50 hours, moderate to severe chance of asylum claims.
Yarmouth Harbour: Fine and pleasant day. Cabin boy on a sailing lugger reports sighting previously believed to be shoaled of herring now confirmed as hundreds of illegal immigrants wearing rubber rings, roped together and being towed by jet-ski, last seen drifting North by North East in close proximity to offshore windfarm. High to severe chance of drowning, somewhere between Dover and the Faroe Islands.
Walmington-on-Sea: Syrian migrant, pretending to be an Iraqi, arriving by paraglider from Calais, south-west six, nine nine eight, falling quickly, apprehended on promenade by local volunteer defence force and escorted to church hall. Wind light, sea moderate to rough, we're all doomed. Only three patrol boats to cover 7,700 miles of coastline. Don't panic!
THERESA MAY'S SPEECH Thick-as-Bisto Theresa May made a speech at the beginning of the Brexit campaign in which she laid out the case for leaving the EU - but then for cynical reasons of personal advancement declared that she was going to vote Remain. I am reliably informed that at a recent meeting of her Maidenhead constituency association, there was only one person out of 200 in favour of staying. And that was May herself. Yet still she fancies herself as leadership material, in the Margaret Thatcher mould. Forget it, Theresa. My money's on Priti Flamingo.
Trafalgar: Easterly, four or five, drizzle turning to showers, sporadic, occasionally heavy. Speedboat containing assorted economic migrants from North Africa located heading towards Thames Estuary at 25 knots, one-thousand-and-seven, rising rapidly, expected docking Newham late Thursday, 21.50 hours. Accommodation being arranged by East London Central Mosque and Pixie Balls-Cooper.
Wight, Portland: Choppy conditions, medium to good, becoming moderate to rip-roaring bonkers after a few pink vodkas. Forecast for Cowes Week: several captains detained by River Filth attempting to smuggle illegal immigrants ashore, pretending they were crew.
Channel light vessel automatic: 11- to-four, chances excellent, no coastguard for 200 miles in any direction, seas calm, ideal for people-smuggling. Suggest small marinas on South Coast, little to no policing expected, 12 grand per head.
Plymouth: Three-to-one favourite, seven-to-one the field, extreme likelihood of jihadists returning from Islamic State, open water from St Malo and Roscoff. Chance of detection slight, possibility of conviction zero to three parts of Rockall.
Fastnet, Sole: Intermittent squalls, choppy. Squadron of pedalos believed to be carrying asylum seekers from Kosovo, departed Marseille Wednesday, sighted South West by South, visibility good, continuous progress into British costal waters, arrival Tiger Bay, Cardiff, estimated 14.36 hours Saturday. Legal Aid aware.
Lundy: 25 or six to four, force ten from Navarone. Klingons on the starboard bow. Giant inflatable banana carrying three dozen migrants being towed at high speed towards Bristol Channel. Royal Navy aircraft carrier dispatched, but unable to intercept due to complete lack of aircraft.
Gesturish is an intuitive gesture language for touch devices created by a local developer and startup co-founder. You should be able to learn Gesturish in a matter of minutes – just in time for the impending Apple Watch craze. Simply swipe or tap the pattern of each letter, number, or punctuation. Here's the Gesturish alphabet:
Jared Malan, co-founder of We&CO, partner at Standard Code, and front-end web dev instructor at General Assembly, came up with Gesturish on a run. He was “listening passively to a podcast. The host said something about a way to make communication more accessible—I don't really remember. I wasn't paying attention so I came up with my own, more accessible, communication method—a Morse code like solution for our increasingly small devices.”
This was well over a year ago, but the idea stuck with him. “I get kind of excited when I think about being able to understand a message through touch. I think it's reasonable to believe that we will be able to communicate through haptic or ‘taptic' touch in the future,” he adds.
With that in mind, Jared started learning Morse code while driving around in his car. “Morse code is pretty cool, but it has a steep learning curve. With just two input signals, timing becomes critical, but the speed of the signals are the biggest challenge a new user of Morse code faces. I thought of a solution that doesn't require precise timing” he explains.
Gestures—swiping and tapping—has become a skill everyone has these days, even young kids. With only 5 different input signals (swipe in all directions and tap), a user can spell words, use numbers, and add punctuation with only a few gestures. It works by the user making between one and three gestures to write a letter. She then swipes left to move the letter into the sentence and begins the next letter, number, or punctuation.
He's working on an Apple Watch and iPhone app scheduled to launch early summer. We'll keep you posted with project updates.
West Virginia is facing a massive disaster with no end in sight. And if we don't do something about anti-regulation zealotry, the mass privatization of public water systems and the real dangers of coal and other dirty energy productions, we'll all be at risk of similar disasters in the future.
On Thursday, January 9, government officials discovered that over 7,500 gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol, a chemical used to “clean” coal, had leaked out of a chemical facility and into the Elk River. The chemical spill was just upriver from the largest water treatment facility in West Virginia.
Soon after, government officials told residents of Charleston, West Virginia, and surrounding areas to stop using tap water. Not to drink it. Not to cook with it. Not to bathe in it. The area's water was only sanctioned for fighting fires and flushing toilets. Initially, the warning applied to just 100,000 West Virginia residents but was quickly expanded to cover 300,000. Officials warned area residents to watch for symptoms of exposure to the chemical, which can include skin irritation, nausea, vomiting or wheezing. Since then, across the region, there has been a run on bottled water and a rush to emergency rooms.
Officials say they will allow people to use the water again when chemical levels fall to one part per million despite the fact that, as scientists note, we know very little about 4-methylcyclohexane methanol and its long-term affects with even minor levels of human exposure.
It would be easy to blame this disaster on the incredibly Orwellian named Freedom Industries, the chemical processing company directly responsible for the storage tanker that leaked. But the fact is other variables—including corporate and government practices echoed in every corner of the United States—made this disaster more likely and helped it spread.
First, of course, this incident quickly sheds all the green-washing claims big energy companies have tried to attach to the notion of “clean coal.” After all, the chemical 4-methylcyclohexane methanol was the latest, greatest chemical compound used to “wash” coal of its impurities to produce a “cleaner” exhaust from coal processing. Community groups and environmental activists have been dispelling the myth of “clean coal” for decades as nothing more than a PR distraction by coal interests. In 2008, over 1.1 billion gallons of water were polluted by toxic coal ash, leaving the town of Harriman, Tennessee, literally uninhabitable. The incident in West Virginia is the latest in a long list of toxic disasters from coal power in the United States.
And then there are the disasters that haven't happened yet. As mountaintop removal blasting continues throughout the Appalachia region—a wildly dangerous and destructive but supposedly “cheap” way of extracting coal—the Marsh Fork Elementary School in Sundial, West Virginia sits just 400 yards downhill from an impoundment that holds 2.8 billion gallons of toxic coal sludge. In the event of an emergency, studies have shown the school would have five minutes total to evacuate the school's 230 children before six feet of toxic sludge would coat the entire school.
Taken alongside consideration of the many oil leaks in recent years as well as the water-poisoning effects of fracking from natural gas mining, the West Virginia incident should at least make us question the self-interested safety claims of energy companies and more aggressively pursue truly green energy solutions.
But what's more, it appears the disaster in West Virginia might not have been as widespread were it not for the privatization of the region's water system. The state's water service is now owned and operated by West Virginia American, a subsidiary of American Water Works—the largest private water company in the nation. According to a 2001 report by Public Citizen (PDF), since privatization not only have West Virginia residents seen their water bills increase—66.5 percent over a decade, with 15 rate increases during that period—but the company consolidated water treatment plants, from 26 down to nine. It's not hard to conclude that were it not for this consolidation—meaning, were fewer West Virginians getting their water from the single large plant on the Elk River that was contaminated—the chemical spill crisis in the state would not be as severe. Consolidating plants may make sense for profits but not for public safety.
There were other reasons for the consolidation. “These nine counties were placed on a centralized water source due to a lack of clean drinking water in their communities after being impacted from coal mining,” says Johanna de Gaffenreid of the West Virginia CARE Campaign and Clean Water Hub. In addition, de Gaffenreid explains, there was a “lack of Clean Water Act and Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act enforcement from the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.”
In fact, just last week, West Virginia's Democrat Governor Earl Ray Tomblin bragged in his State of the State that he would “never back down from the EPA because of its misguided policies on coal.” (Has Tomblin been drinking the Tea Party's polluted Kool-Aid?) The West Virginia disaster reminds us why government regulation and oversight of industry is invaluable.
And if we don't invest in those regulations, by for instance regularly inspecting tanks that hold toxic chemicals right near major water sources, we may all end up paying later. Not just with our health, but with our taxpayer dollars, too—the Environmental Protection Agency and Federal Emergency Management Agency and National Guard and other taxpayer-funded public emergency response systems that we necessarily rely on when private companies screw up.
We don't yet know whether this tank had been inspected specifically and what oversight Freedom Industries was subject to in general, but Tea Party Republican types trouncing the EPA and other government regulation bodies as an unnecessary incursion into corporate “freedom” should seriously rethink that objection.
After the leak, a defensive Gov. Tomblin insisted, “This was not a coal company incident. This was a chemical company incident.” Nice try, Governor, but arguably the cause is even broader—this is a corporate leak, caused by greedy companies fighting regulation and expanding privatization while taking greater and greater risks with public health and safety. How many of our fellow human beings have to suffer before we realize that the aggressive pursuit of dirty energy, water privatization and anti-government anti-regulation is putting our whole country on the wrong track?
In early 2012, the National Geographic Channel launched a new show called Diggers, to the consternation of professional archaeologists. The show's hosts, hobby metal detectorists "King George" Wyant and Tim "Ringy" Saylor, cross the U.S. searching for discarded metal items of historical relevance. As soon as the show premiered, archaeologists raised concerns that Diggers was creating a culture of looting and asked NGC to cancel the program. When the new season debuts tonight, though, fans and critics will see dramatic changes.
The Diggers production company, Half Yard Productions, invited professional archaeologists from the Society for American Archaeology (SAA) and the Society for Historical Archaeology (SHA) to view and comment on each of the episodes this season. SAA president Diane Gifford-Gonzalez of UC Santa Cruz says that, in discussions with the production team, the group of archaeologists "stressed contextual documentation, the value of data from objects and their relationships rather than objects' commercial value," as well as issues "regarding landowners' rights and prospection." SHA president Charles Ewen of East Carolina University further details on his blog the major changes that viewers will see this season, all of which are welcomed by archaeologists:
There is an on-screen archaeologist, Marc Henshaw, in all episodes, and he talks to the hosts about research strategy, provenience, and significance of the finds.
The dollar value of the artifacts that are found is no longer shown. Instead, there are pop-ups that explain the show has permission to metal detect on private land, that the artifacts are property of the landowner or a museum, and that locations can be designated as historical sites.
The show has also sought out professional archaeologists to partner with for episodes.
The episode that debuts at 10:30 PM eastern tonight takes place at President James Madison's home at Montpelier, and the Diggers team gets help from director of archaeology Matthew Reeves along with senior research archaeologist Terry Brock. I talked to Matt and Terry about the episode, both to find out what has changed since the 2012 archaeological outcry and because I have had an interest in Montpelier since I volunteered in the archaeology lab as an undergraduate.
Reeves got involved with Diggers when he was invited to be on the SHA/SAA advisory panel. As part of that panel, Reeves had "a lot of discussions with the executive producers, field producers, and the head and directors at National Geographic Channel." Specifically, he told them that they "needed to show methodology, team work, and the grid-based metal detector approach." Montpelier archaeologists have had good relationships with metal detectorists for years, and Reeves says they use them "for all of our surveys--using their expertise to run the detectors and ensure quality return on finding signals." Reeves has even written an article soon to be published in Advances in Archaeological Practice, "Sleeping with the 'Enemy': Metal Detecting Hobbyists and Archaeologists," that details how Montpelier has encouraged collaboration between these two groups since 2012.
Brock also chipped in his thoughts on having the Diggers team at Montpelier. On his blog, he writes that they had almost complete control over the program and essentially made the Diggers crew part of their already-established Expedition program. "We required KG and Ringy to participate in lectures, follow the same procedures as the rest of the participants, and generally be a part of the team," he writes. "Each detectorist is paired with a staff member," Brock explains, "who is responsible for teaching and doing the paperwork, all while building relationships with their partner. The entire group got along wonderfully, and surveyed over 3,600 square feet in one week." And as for Ringy and KG? Brock told me they "were fun to work with, and they're very good metal detectorists who take their hobby--and history--seriously. The goofiness is for television."
Both Reeves and Brock told me that inviting Diggers to Montpelier was a rewarding experience, particularly because the National Geographic Channel producers worked with them to develop a storyline that was true to history and archaeology, but that also made for good television. But Montpelier archaeology already had a history of collaboration with metal detectorists, so the archaeologists knew what they wanted to survey and how to incorporate metal detecting into that.
"Before encouraging archaeologists to work with the show," Brock told me when I asked whether he thought others should get involved with Diggers, "I would encourage them to consider collaborating with metal detectorists in the first place. It's a great tool for historical archaeology." Montpelier runs regular metal detecting programs, for both hobbyist detectors and archaeologists who want to incorporate metal detecting into their survey and excavation, and people can learn more on their website or by contacting Reeves.
Gifford-Gonzalez comments that the episodes this season that include close involvement between archaeologists and metal detectorists from the outset, such as tonight's Montpelier episode, "are excellent examples of how collaborative work can use the complementary skills of the two communities to enhance understanding of events at a locality."
But will fans of this popular show be upset by all the changes? Ewen doesn't think so. Having seen rough cuts of most episodes, he says that the changes do not seem to have dampened the charm and "cult of personality" of Diggers. "It is entertaining, the backstories and graphics are good, and they visit some interesting places." And making Diggers appeal to both archaeologists and the general public is important because, Ewen says, "the [National Geographic] Channel generates the funding that supports the society and allows them to give grants to archaeologists. So if the Channel doesn't make money, then the support that many of us have enjoyed for our projects goes away."
This does not mean, of course, that archaeologists have to turn a blind eye to destruction of potential archaeological sites. Changes to the personnel at NGC and the outcry by archaeologists have led to "a genuine desire [on the part of NGC] to make it a better show and include more real archaeology," Ewen says. Brock agrees that "the entire premise of the show, deep down, is about the difference between searching for objects and examining objects in context."
Brock encourages archaeologists to get involved with the show, "but to do so with a particular vision in mind of what you want the show to be about and what you want it to emphasize. We all knew that there was plenty riding on the week [of filming]: the last thing we wanted was for the show to be something that didn't resemble our program's standards or our commitment to good archaeological research and public engagement. Matt Reeves and I talked a lot about what we'd want the show to look like, what we'd what to emphasize, what we didn't want to happen, and we communicated that to producers. And they delivered."
Making Diggers a better, more accurate show has taken several years and many intense sessions of collaboration between archaeologists and television producers. But the payoff for archaeologists engaging in mainstream media, Ewen writes in the SHA Newsletter, is in "reaching a larger demographic that might have an interest in archaeology."
The new season of Diggers premieres tonight. Catch Reeves, Brock, and the rest of the Montpelier archaeology team at 10:30pm EST.
This is a guest post by Barry Gardner, the mastering engineer who operates SAS audio mastering services.
The first stereo records were made in the 1930's and yet it took a long time to popularize the new format and release such recordings for mass consumption. Mono recordings were the standard for many years whilst various attempts were made to advance stereophony. In music production itself there has almost always been a mono button built into the master section of large format stereo or quadraphonic mixing consoles. It was there for good reason as stereo recordings had to maintain sonic compatibility with AM sound systems and monophonic broadcasts amongst other reasons.
The word compatibility is partly subjective and partly technical and the ratio of technical to subjective balance has become somewhat of a moving target. When we consider mono compatibility we must fundamentally consider the phase relationships throughout the audio spectrum between the left and right channels of a stereo recording.
By summing the left and right channels of a stereo two-track mix or recording we are collapsing the stereo image which can be generated either by two microphones (or a complex combination of microphones) or ‘stereo effects' generated image by artificial means (pseudo stereo).
The nature of stereo means that there are time-arrival differences between the L and R channels of a stereo signal, this in part accounts for some of the spacious effects that make stereo music an enhanced listening experience over and above mono signals. Two microphones can sample the sound field from two positions in space and produce an effect which gives a sense of at least two dimensions when reproduced on two loudspeakers/amplifiers each fed a discrete left and right signal.
These timing differences mean that the signals between the left and right have a different and complex phase relationship relative to each other. Phase is a very important concept to understand and I point you to my short, easy to understand article giving a primer on phase for those to whom this is a new concept.
Why is mono compatibility important?
Mono compatibility of a stereo mix is important because not every audio reproduction/transmission system is stereo. A few examples of potentially mono systems are national and commercial FM radio in weak reception areas (a receiver can sometimes automatically sum too mono to give a clearer less noisey signal), FM pirate radio, AM broadcasters, some PA systems, powered mini single loudspeakers for MP3 players.
Whats the worst that can happen?
If you have sound sources in your mix that are completely out of phase between the left and right channels or significantly out of phase complete loss of that sound source from the music mix could be the worst case scenario. This is a compelling reason to make friends with the mono button on your music production system, be it a mixer or digital audio work station.
The wider picture
Maintaining a mono compatible stereo image is closely linked to the wider goal of a subjectively articulate and/or believable stereo image. A good stereo image is well spread between the L/R and phantom centre image, has nice width and balance between mono and stereo components.
There is an aperture for taste in this area and what might be deemed appropriate for a classical music recording may not be the same for a dubstep track. However it is important that both musical styles will work effectively in mono without too large a compromise to the mix balance and tone of instrumentation, however disparate they may be as genres.
A mix engineer has numerous tools available to make adjustments to instruments within the stereo field, fundamentally – pan controls for mono sources and balance controls for stereo interleaved/ganged sources. This allows positioning within the left and right and phantom centre image of a stereo reproduction system. These controls can also be applied effects returns adding further depth and control.
Tip – accurate judgement of positional information within the stereo field is most effective when two loudspeakers are positioned so that they form an equilateral triangle arrangement with the head of the listener. Additionally, remedial acoustic treatment will further enhance the perception of where any instrument resides within the stereo field.
Identifying phase problems by ear
Whenever a mix is being produced it is vital that the engineer periodically checks the compatibility of the mix in mono. For an experienced engineer this is normally an aural check as the engineer will have been trained to identify phase problems by ear.
It is worth mentioning that this is much easier to do using well placed loudspeakers as opposed to using headphones. Mixing on headphones means it is much more difficult to spot a phase problem. This is because the headphones ‘couple' all sound from the left ear cup into only the left ear and all the sound from the right ear cup into only the right ear. With loudspeakers some sound from the right speaker enters your left ear. This makes listening for phase problems on speakers psychoacoustically easier than headphones.
There are two ways to listen for phase compatibility problems – namely in stereo… and in mono. I recommend training yourself to hear these problems in stereo as this tends to stop problems before they start in a mix, even before you hit the mono button.
Some digital audio workstations will have the option to mono the stereo master output bus. For those who do not, you can get hold of the free Brainworx bx_solo plug in and put it in an insert point on the stereo output bus.
‘In stereo' listen for…
Listen for sounds that produce overly wide spatial effects. Sounds coming beyond the width of the speakers. In extreme cases sounds appearing to come from behind the listening position. Check for comb filtering effects when the head is moved from left to right in space, across the stereo field.
‘In mono' listen for…
If you mono sum the stereo mix you will need to quickly A/B mono and stereo and listen for any elements in the mix that drastically change tone or change their level/mix balance. So if a synthesizer drops in level and thins out then it could well have a mono compatibility problem with that source.
For a novice engineer this may not be initially easy to hear so there are a few tools that I can recommend which can give some visual indication. The visual tools are ideally used in tandem with listening as it is a good idea to become familiar with the sound of overly wide or out of phase mix elements.
Visual aids : L / R phase metering
Two useful free tools are the Flux Stereo Tool and Voxengo Span.
Span is primarily a spectrum analyzer which has a basic phase correlation meter built in. Flux stereo tool is a vector scope with phase correlation meter.
In essence a phase correlation meter has a left to right swing and is labeled: -1 0 +1
When a stereo mix passes through the meter it should largely be positioned towards +1 on the right hand side of the meter if it is very mono compatible. If the signal gravitates largely towards the left hand side it will mean the signal does not have good phase compatibility. A typical mix with good mono compatibility would hover between 0 and +1.
As an experiment just to show the working of the meter you could generate some mono sine waves of exactly the same frequency, pan them hard left and hard right and nudge one of them in your DAW timeline by a few milliseconds. Watch what happens to the phase scope and correlate it's readings by mono summing the sine waves and listening to the aural effect.
This is purely for experimentation and gaining familiarity witha phase scope. A stereo mix will have a very complex phase relationship between left and right channels as there will be multiple frequencies playing at any one time.
Visual tools can be of assistance when learning about mono compatibility but ultimately an experienced engineer will always decide based on what is heard rather than what is seen.
Further manipulation of the stereo image
So we now know that mono compatibility is important and plays a wider role in a good sounding mix. A good stereo image will have a balance of power and immediacy whilst providing true or pseudo stereophonic interest, acoustic believability and a sense of depth and space.
Another tool that can be used to manipulate stereo width is a M/S plug in. Such software is inserted on your tracks and allows for adjustments to the mid and sides of a stereo signal. The mid signal contains all the information that is identical in both channels (mono sum) of the stereo field and the side signal contains all the information that is different between the left and right signals. Being able to control this allows for manipulation of the perceived width of various stereo sound sources.
Another common tool is generically known as a stereo imagizer, this generally takes some of the left channel signal and feeds it at low level into the right hand channel and vice versa. The effect is to produce a wider and more diffuse sounding image, often when overused the phantom centre image loses solidity and with extreme use you can end up with a ‘hole in the middle' effect. This type of tool has to be used with care as it is possible to create phase incompatibilities with already ‘wide' sound sources. Beginners should use it with care and use it very minimally if at all and always in conjunction with listening and/or a phase meter.
Additionally, the engineer will have various delay based effects such as reverb, delay, echo, doubling with time delay, de-tuning with time delay and chorus to further embellish the mix with short delay based textures across the stereo image.
Stereo width and sound sources
Different sources obtain their width from different means. Acoustic recordings may be recorded with stereo microphone techniques so mono compatibility will ideally be checked at the time of recording and not at the mix stage. Again this can be done aurally or using a phase meter.
Some synthesizers use multiple oscillators, unison oscillators and built-in effects to give a very wide and impressive sound. Beware these ‘presets' as they can be set with rather extreme settings that may not work well in mono. If you are programming your own sounds you will know your synthesizer architecture well enough to be able to avoid such issues but with presets you may have to edit the existing effects and oscillator panning positions to get the preset to work well in mono. Synthesizers can be very complex and it is really a matter of ensuring you know the synthesizer architecture sufficiently well to be able to program your way into mono compatibility.
Summary
Mono compatibility remains important today and the first goal is to become an expert at hearing overly wide images and close to, or, out of phase sound sources. This will be key in maintaining good mono compatibility and producing good mixes that have a well balanced stereo spread.
Barry Gardner operates Barry Gardner operates SafeandSound online mastering services in London, UK. He has worked with many world famous artists including: Ronnie Wood (Rolling Stones), Lemar, Craig David, The Rumblestrips, The Coral, The Hoosiers, Chick Corea, Kano, MC Skepta, Avishai Cohen, Incognito, Martha Tilsden, Still Remains, Terry Callier, Amp Fiddler, Billy Cobham, Marshall Allen and Sun Ra's Arkestra.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Justin Rowlatt meets European doctors treating acid attack victims in Delhi
Are you tired of the same boring holidays?
Want to do something more constructive?
How about using your time to try and improve the lives of people who have been horrifically disfigured in acid attacks?
That's what a team of British and Danish medical professionals does.
The members use their holidays to travel around the world offering free plastic surgery to some of the poorest people in the world.
Surgical marathon
The team, part of British charity Interplast UK, includes surgeons, anaesthetists, nurses, a physiotherapist - even a pharmacist.
They pay for their own flights, and often their own accommodation too.
Then they set up shop in a local hospital and prepare for a surgical marathon - treating as many needy patients as they can in the two weeks or so they are in the country.
I met them in the Indian capital, Delhi, where they undertook more than 100 surgical procedures in less than two weeks.
Image caption Many of Interplast UK's patients in India are acid attack survivors
Image caption The team members say the courage their patients show is an inspiration to them
They see lots of children with cleft palates and the victims of burns and other accidental injuries, but about a quarter of their patients are people who have been deliberately disfigured: doused in acid in horrific attacks.
These attacks can utterly devastate lives, causing terrible injuries.
Everyone agrees these acid attacks are too common in India, but there are no reliable statistics.
Government figures suggest there are perhaps 1,000 such attacks a year; campaigners say that is a grotesque underestimate. They say the real figure is many, many times higher.
'Inspiration'
You might imagine that operating on the people who suffered these terrible injuries would be depressing.
Quite the opposite, says retired NHS plastic surgeon Charles Viva.
Middlesbrough-based Mr Viva has been running these "surgerythons" in developing countries for more than four decades.
He says the courage his patients show is an inspiration to him.
Anupama is a case in point. She has travelled more than 1,000km (621 miles) from her home in the Indian state of Bihar to be here.
Before she goes into the operating theatre, Anupama shows me her most treasured possession: her collection of photographs taken before she was assaulted.
She holds up a picture of a beautiful and confident young girl, sitting on a bed in a vivid red and gold sari. Her head is tilted proudly up towards the camera.
"The attack happened three months after this photograph was taken," she tells me. She was 14 years old.
'Horrifically predictable'
Twenty years later, Anupama is still a happy and proud woman, but her features have been utterly destroyed.
Most acid survivors are women, and most attackers are men, wreaking a terrible revenge, more often than not for some fairly minor slight.
So Anupama's story is horrifically predictable.
Image caption Anupama in a photograph taken three months before she was attacked with acid
Image caption The acid attack that has ruined Anupama's features
She and her sister had been sexually harassed by a neighbouring family, she says. The two sons and a daughter had started propositioning her, calling out lewd comments, and trying to lure her into their house.
When her father complained, they became angry.
A few nights later, they came to the family house and threw acid on Anupama and her sister while they were sleeping.
Her sister escaped with minor injuries. Not Anupama.
Study in fortitude
The lower part of her face was melted in the attack. Her lip hangs loose and she has terrible scars all the way down her neck and on her chest.
Acid survivors are supposed to get free treatment but all too often the surgery is substandard.
Anupama has had a number of operations and each time, she says, she was told that she could only get the most rudimentary treatment.
Then, she tells me sadly, the surgeon would say he could give her much better care if she saw him as a private patient. But Anupama and her family are too poor to afford private surgery.
That's where Mr Viva and his team come in. They offer high quality surgery for no charge to anyone who needs it.
Image caption Doctors perform a surgery on Anupama's mouth
In a surprisingly short operation, Mr Viva and his team reshape her mouth to stop her dribbling when she eats.
A couple of hours later, she is enjoying a cup of tea and a biscuit.
You might imagine she would be destroyed by what she has suffered since the attack, but Anupama is a study in fortitude.
She says she is looking forward to seeing the results of the surgery once the scars heal and talks about how she wants to get a job so she can look after herself, but the treatment she has received for her injuries has not been good.
Not a sacrifice
Ghalib Muaddam, the anaesthetist with the team, tells me how satisfying he finds these trips.
"Sometimes I feel when I work in the UK, if I am away, someone would step in and do my job," he says. "Here, you feel you actually make a difference."
Some years, he uses all his holiday to work with Interplast UK.
He does not see it as a sacrifice.
Image caption Retired NHS plastic surgeon Charles Viva has been running "surgerythons" in developing countries for more than four decades
"You get a lot back from doing these trips. I look at myself and I think how would I behave if I had such a significant burn? And I don't know if I would be so brave. In that way they are very inspiring, because they get on with life."
As Anupama packs up her bags, ready for the long trip back to her home on the other side of India, I can see what he means.
Lots of us seek to change our own lives for the better when we go on holiday.
It is a much greater achievement to change someone else's.
They each play about 35 minutes a game, and if a defense isn't prepared, Cal's Allen Crabbe and Justin Cobbs will spend every possible second making that team pay.
The Bears' backcourt duo efficiently terrorizes an opponent with their prolific shooting. Crabbe averages 22.4 points per game, just ahead of Cobbs' 18.7. Cobbs' effective field goal percentage, which gives 50 percent more credit to 3-pointers, is 61.6, just ahead of Crabbe at 60.4. On top of that, both juniors grab about five rebounds per game.
“Crabbe and Cobbs are as good a one-two punch from an offensive standpoint as any two perimeter players in the country,” said UNLV coach Dave Rice, whose team will see Cal (6-1) up close in Berkeley, Calif., on Sunday afternoon at 3 on ESPNU.
No. 21 UNLV (6-1) got its first taste of the road last Tuesday at Portland, where the Rebels had to slug out a 68-60 victory. This trip should trump that one in basically every capacity, from the team on the court to the fans in the stands.
“We're trying to tell (the new guys) it's going to be an even tougher environment,” said Justin Hawkins, whose second-half run at Portland was the catalyst to UNLV's win.
Hawkins knows Cobbs from their AAU days and said they still keep in touch. The two may get reacquainted face-to-face often on the court, depending on how the matchups shake out. Hawkins probably won't see Cobbs or anyone else exclusively when UNLV is on offense because the Rebels likely are going to see zone defense every game until they consistently beat it.
“We haven't been able to establish a really good zone we feel comfortable with, but we have a couple of different zones we can play,” Cal coach Mike Montgomery said.
The Bears likely will see how the Rebels perform in the first few possessions against the zone and from that determine how much they want to use that defense throughout the game. Offensive success in the high post could force Cal out of that look very quickly, and UNLV junior forward Mike Moser is hoping he'll be healthy enough to fill that role.
At Friday's practice, Moser participated in 5-on-0 drills where the Rebels worked through their offense, but he was held out of live drills. Rice said he's hoping Moser will be a full participant at Saturday morning's practice before the team boards a plane bound for California. Moser said he feels much better than he did last week.
Moser's presence doesn't immediately solve the problems from that Portland game, but the team's second-leading scorer could help take some pressure off freshman Anthony Bennett, who's getting double-teamed and trapped consistently for the first time in a long time.
“I'm not used to it at all, to be honest,” said Bennett, who's averaging 18.7 points and 7.6 rebounds per game.
At Findlay Prep, opponents couldn't target Bennett because the Pilots had too many other weapons on the floor. The Rebels believe they have that type of team, too; it's just taking the new talent some time to fulfill its potential. That's to be expected, though it's concerning that this first road game looked a lot like UNLV's trips at the end of last season. The most apt comparison is the offense neglecting interior looks and taking jumpers early in the shot clock.
“Maybe we panic or maybe we feel like we should shoot the ball because we're open, but once we work it around the perimeter and go inside-out that's when we get even better shots and get in our rhythm,” Hawkins said.
Last year at home, the Rebels defeated the Bears by 17. Both coaches said that game has little bearing on this year's matchup because both teams are so different.
One similarity: Crabbe and Cobbs were Cal's leading scorers that afternoon.
The Bears lost by 25 last week at Wisconsin, but that's hardly indicative of how this team is likely to play at home, where Cal hasn't been since Nov. 13. The Rebels expect their most difficult challenge to date, and the Bears' guards intend to give it to them.
Taylor Bern can be reached at 948-7844 or [email protected]. Follow Taylor on Twitter at twitter.com/taylorbern.
So-called angry crowd.
Last night, congressional Republicans came home to rooms full of angry people. At town halls across the country, conservative lawmakers were protested, heckled, and shouted at. A few unfortunate souls were even asked to explain — in detail — the GOP plan for replacing the Affordable Care Act.
But Republicans aren't worried. They're onto liberals' cute little game. They've realized that these so-called “protests” are, in truth, tactical demonstrations — planned, in advance — by people who want to bring about political change.
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 21, 2017
At first blush, this tweet may seem like another eccentric outburst from our tweeter-in-chief. Why would anyone think that protests are illegitimate simply because they're planned?
“The so-called March on Washington was actually, in numerous cases, planned out by civil-rights activists.”
And yet, this seems to be a genuine Republican talking point. Two days before Trump's tweet, Texas senator John Cornyn shared a New York Post article that also tries to discredit the protests by claiming that they are strategically organized.
Obama-linked activists have a 'training manual' for protesting Trump https://t.co/ozZNffzWbN via @nypost — JohnCornyn (@JohnCornyn) February 19, 2017
To be fair, “the protests are planned” is a considerably more honest line of attack than the “paid protesters” claim that preceded it. (Presumably, someone realized that if George Soros really were paying every anti-Trump protester, the liberal billionaire would be responsible for more job creation than the president).
And if you squint real hard at Paul Sperry's Post column, you can see the makings of a point:
Organizing for Action, a group founded by former President Barack Obama and featured prominently on his new post-presidency website, is distributing a training manual to anti-Trump activists that advises them to bully GOP lawmakers into backing off support for repealing ObamaCare, curbing immigration from high-risk Islamic nations and building a border wall.
The manual, published with OFA partner “Indivisible,” advises protesters to go into halls quietly so as not to raise alarms, and “grab seats at the front of the room but do not all sit together.” Rather, spread out in pairs to make it seem like the whole room opposes the Republican host's positions. “This will help reinforce the impression of broad consensus.” It also urges them to ask “hostile” questions …“Even the safest [Republican] will be deeply alarmed by signs of organized opposition,” the document states, “because these actions create the impression that they're not connected to their district and not listening to their constituents.”
So, liberal activists are conscious of optics and, when possible, try to engineer an impression of widespread opposition via such nefarious tactics as “not all sitting together.”
It's legitimate for conservative commentators and politicians to highlight these tactics. And, for many Republican House members, it's probably true that town hall protests give a false impression of the scale of dissent in their red districts.
But there's still a certain comedy to these complaints. The “training manual” Sperry stumbled upon was drafted by Indivisible – an organization that is not formally affiliated with Barack Obama or OFA – and has been proudly shared by Democrats and liberal activists over social media for months. The central charge of Sperry's op-ed is that Organizing for Action is, in truth, an Obama-aligned front-group whose true purpose is … organizing for action.
Of course, the audiences at these town halls aren't perfect representations of district-wide public opinion. And of course, professional political organizers are trying to channel liberal outrage in productive directions. This is how politics is practiced on both sides of the aisle. Earlier this month, the tea-party-aligned outside group FreedomWorks announced that it will be organizing rallies and town hall counter-protests in support of Obamacare repeal.
OFA's “training manual” isn't what's unusual here. What's unusual is the number of people eager to study it.
Activists do try to create an exaggerated impression of public support for their goals. But the more people they organize, the less hyperbolic that impression becomes.
In rural, small-town Iowa, a group of parents and community leaders is seeking to prevent students from the local taxpayer-funded middle school and high school from attending future versions of an anti–bullying conference for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender teens.
The last one — in April — left many of the denizens of Humboldt, Iowa up in arms, reports Des Moines NBC affiliate WHO-TV.
Iowa Safe Schools, an activist group out of Des Moines, hosted the conference.
It was quite something.
Among the nearly two dozen speakers, “only two” addressed bullying, one attendee estimated, according to EAGnews.org.
The rest of the sessions involved issues such as “how to pleasure their gay partners.”
Middle school girls from Humboldt (pop.: 4,690) had the opportunity to learn “how to sew fake testicles into their underwear in order to pass themselves off as boys.”
One speaker wore a dress made out of condoms to which could be “used as needed.” Another speaker raised the important middle-school issue of using the Internet to locate an orgy.
A father from Des Moines whose daughter attended the conference described the girl's experience.
“She thought she was attending this conference to learn how students can be supportive of their homosexual peers,” he explained, according to EAGnews.
“When she got there, it wasn't really on bullying; it was basically a sexual education class for same-sex couples,” the mad dad said. “It was crude. One presenter told students who asked whether anal sex hurt that, as a lesbian, it really depended on how big the device is that their partner straps on.”
The main, featured speaker, drag performer Miss Coco Peru, cussed a lot and encouraged attendees to vandalize the property of critics.
Peru also sang a song. It went: “People suck. They don't give a fuck about you. People thrive on smashing our pride to the ground. People that suck, fuck you.”
Still another speaker discussed “how pleasurable it is for gay couples to eat each other's behinds” and how using flavored oils can improve the taste, notes EAGnews.
Thousands of middle schoolers and high schoolers from the region attended the April event.
Humboldt, Iowa school district superintendent Greg Darling said the funding for students in the district to attend the conference was provided by a student-run organization.
He said he could do nothing to prevent the club which sponsored attendance at the event from fundraising for it next year or sending local students.
“We support all clubs in the school that meet the polices and procedures,” Darling told WHO-TV. “We are an equal opportunity school and do not discriminate against anyone. We strive to have a positive learning environment in the district but we do not support any group of individuals who uses profanity in presentations.”
Nate Monson, executive director of Iowa Safe Schools, said parents who worry about middle school kids hearing about anal sex with strap-ons and analingus are “disgusting.”
“It's incredibly frustrating that adults are being the problem and being the bully,” Monson told the Des Moines NBC affiliate. “We can do better in Iowa.”
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send education-related story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
Great piece by Elias Muhanna for The New Yorker, on why Disney's Frozen has been translated into Modern Standard Arabic:
The Arabic lyrics to “Let It Go” are as forbidding as Elsa's ice palace. The Egyptian singer Nesma Mahgoub, in the song's chorus, sings, “Discharge thy secret! I shall not bear the torment!” and “I dread not all that shall be said! Discharge the storm clouds! The snow instigateth not lugubriosity within me…” From one song to the next, there isn't a declensional ending dropped or an antique expression avoided, whether it is sung by a dancing snowman or a choir of forest trolls. The Arabic of “Frozen” is frozen in time, as “localized” to contemporary Middle Eastern youth culture as Latin quatrains in French rap.
Why Disney decided to abandon dialectal Arabic for “Frozen” is perplexing, and the reaction has been mixed. Many YouTube viewers are annoyed, with some fans recording their own versions of the songs in dialect. An online petition has called for Disney to switch its dubbing back to Egyptian Arabic, plaintively wondering, “How can we watch ‘Monsters University' in the Heavy Modern Arabic while we saw the first one in Egyptian accent that everybody loved…?”
How indeed? Or perhaps the real question is: Why? Why is Disney willing to commission separate translations of its films for speakers of Castilian Spanish and Latin American Spanish, European Portuguese and Brazilian Portuguese, European French and Canadian French, but is moving in the opposite direction when it comes to Arabic? The answer cannot be that the dialect markets are too small. The population of all of Scandinavia is less than a third of Egypt's, but is represented by five different translations of “Frozen.” There are nearly ten times as many Moroccans living in Casablanca alone as there are Icelanders in the whole world. The markets are there. What is missing is a constituency for cultural production in dialectal Arabic.
Woolworths apologises for inadvertently stocking 'unacceptable' xenophobic singlet
Updated
National supermarket chain Woolworths has apologised for "inadvertently" stocking a singlet which says "if you don't love it, leave" alongside a picture of the Australian flag in two of its stores.
A photo of the singlet has gone viral on social media since it was posted on Sunday afternoon on Twitter by Canberra man George Craig.
The 29-year-old was in the Queensland town of Cairns on an end-of-season fishing trip with his football team when he spotted the offending item in the Woolworths store on Spence Street.
"I was with a bunch of blokes on a footy trip, not one thought it was appropriate," Mr Craig told the ABC.
"We were genuinely shocked, not just that the sentiment still exists, but that such a huge company with huge reach across a diversity of communities would stock the product."
Dozens of people took to Woolworths' Facebook account to criticise the supermarket giant over the singlet, with many labelling it racist.
"I hope you lose customers over this. How irresponsible, divisive and narrow-minded. Disgusting," one person wrote.
Another wrote: "Your singlets saying 'If you don't love...leave' are disgusting and divisive. Please withdraw then from sale at once."
Singlet 'inadvertently' stocked: Woolworths
A Woolworths spokesman said the shirt was stocked inadvertently in the Cairns shop and another in Sydney.
"It has come to our attention that two Woolworths stores were inadvertently stocking a singlet that we consider totally unacceptable," the spokesman said.
"The singlet was not one we ordered. It was delivered to us in error and should never [have] been allowed on our shelves.
"We will review our processes to ensure this sort of error cannot happen again."
The spokesman said the singlet had already been withdrawn from shelves.
"The sentiment expressed on the singlet does not reflect the views of Woolworths," the spokesman said.
"Woolworths has a policy of doing the right thing, which means we believe in fostering an environment where everyone is treated with dignity, courtesy and respect."
Melbourne MP and Australians Greens Deputy Leader Adam Brandt shared Mr Craig's image on his own Facebook page, attracting more than 1,200 comments.
"Hundreds of you shared the image, called Woolworths and posted on their Facebook page. Thanks for standing up for inclusion and acceptance - Woolworths have listened," he wrote.
Rival supermarket chain Aldi earlier this year withdrew a controversial Australia Day T-shirt from sale following an outcry on social media.
The German discount supermarket chain had offered the T-shirt, emblazoned with the slogan "Australia Est. 1788" - a reference to the year the First Fleet landed in Sydney - as part of a range of Australia Day items.
Retail giant Big W followed Aldi's lead and withdrew the same shirt.
Topics: people, discrimination, cairns-4870, sydney-2000
First posted
The MMO Investor is a weekly column on the state of the MMO industry when it comes to business. Get a quick weekly glimpse at the real life auction house that is high finance in the MMO Industry!
As the size of the MMO industry continues to grow, there's a relatively new, but massive shift taking place. Big traditional game developers are starting to seriously embrace mobile and it's starting to pay serious dividends. Remember IGG (I Got Games)? The company behind Tales of Pirates, Angels Online, Voyage Century Online, and several other client based MMOs? Well, they started to embrace mobile gaming a couple years ago and it's been a huge success for them. IGG self-publishes over a dozen internally developed mobile games from Castle Clash to Brave Trials. Take a look at IGG's revenue breakdown for Q1 2015:
Revenue breakdown for IGG Q1 2015
Mobile made up 85% of revenue in 2014 and 93% in Q1 2015, and this trend will likely continue. Client based games make up a mere 1% of IGG's revenues; just 4-5 years ago, IGG didn't have any mobile games. How quickly things change. Not every traditional F2P company has embraced mobile this quickly though. Nexon, the Iconic South Korean developer behind Dungeon Fighter Online and MapleStory, generates about 16% of their revenues from mobile games as seen in the graphic below:
Revenue breakdown for Nexon Q1 2015.
Nexon's mobile revenues will increase in the quarters to come, as their most successful game, Dungeon Fighter Online, will be getting a mobile version later this year in Asia. Despite being only 16% of revenues, mobile growth is significantly higher than PC growth (Mobile grew 10%, PC shrunk 4%). Another company just starting to embrace mobile is Blizzard Entertainment. Earlier this year we reported that Hearthstone generated more revenues on mobile than on desktops. Current trends suggest that the gap between mobile and desktop revenues are set to widen, with mobile continuing to eat into the game's PC market.
Hearthstone Mobile vs PC Revenues
Perfect World Entertainment also began embracing mobile in the last few years with the release of Forsaken World Mobile and Elemental Kingdoms through Fedeem Games, the international mobile affiliate of the larger Chinese company. The game's mobile push in China has been so successful that the entire company was recently purchased by its founder for over $1 billion.
Mobile is quickly becoming a bigger and bigger focus for game developers. Call me old school, but I prefer to game on my desktop, but I'm clearly the minority. How does this affect you? Do you play any mobile MMOs? Let me know in the comments below!
Gavin Andresen
Offline
Activity: 1652
Merit: 1018
Chief Scientist
LegendaryActivity: 1652Merit: 1018Chief Scientist Bitcoin-Qt / bitcoind version 0.6.3 released June 25, 2012, 05:52:53 PM #1
http://sourceforge.net/projects/bitcoin/files/Bitcoin/bitcoin-0.6.3/
This is a bug-fix release, with no new features.
Please report bugs using the issue tracker at github:
https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues
CHANGE SUMMARY
==============
Fixed a serious denial-of-service attack that could cause the
bitcoin process to become unresponsive. Thanks to Sergio Lerner
for finding and responsibly reporting the problem. (CVE-2012-3789)
Optimized the process of checking transaction signatures, to
speed up processing of new block messages and make propagating
blocks across the network faster.
Fixed an obscure bug that could cause the bitcoin process to get
stuck on an invalid block-chain, if the invalid chain was
hundreds of blocks long.
Bitcoin-Qt no longer automatically selects the first address
in the address book (Issue #1384).
Fixed minimize-to-dock behavior of Bitcon-Qt on the Mac.
Added a block checkpoint at block 185,333 to speed up initial
blockchain download.
Thanks to everybody who contributed to this release:
====================================================
Chris Moore
Christian von Roques
Fordy
Gavin Andresen
Jeff Garzik
Luke Dashjr
Matt Corallo
Michael Hendricks
Peter Todd
Philip Kaufmann
Pieter Wuille
R E Broadley
Sergio Lerner
Wladimir J. van der Laan
Bitcoin version 0.6.3 is now available for download at:This is a bug-fix release, with no new features.Please report bugs using the issue tracker at github:CHANGE SUMMARY==============Fixed a serious denial-of-service attack that could cause thebitcoin process to become unresponsive. Thanks to Sergio Lernerfor finding and responsibly reporting the problem. (CVE-2012-3789)Optimized the process of checking transaction signatures, tospeed up processing of new block messages and make propagatingblocks across the network faster.Fixed an obscure bug that could cause the bitcoin process to getstuck on an invalid block-chain, if the invalid chain washundreds of blocks long.Bitcoin-Qt no longer automatically selects the first addressin the address book (Issue #1384).Fixed minimize-to-dock behavior of Bitcon-Qt on the Mac.Added a block checkpoint at block 185,333 to speed up initialblockchain download.Thanks to everybody who contributed to this release:====================================================Chris MooreChristian von RoquesFordyGavin AndresenJeff GarzikLuke DashjrMatt CoralloMichael HendricksPeter ToddPhilip KaufmannPieter WuilleR E BroadleySergio LernerWladimir J. van der Laan How often do you get the chance to work on a potentially world-changing project?
ThiagoCMC
Offline
Activity: 1204
Merit: 1000
฿itcoin: Currency of Resistance!
LegendaryActivity: 1204Merit: 1000฿itcoin: Currency of Resistance! Re: Bitcoin-Qt / bitcoind version 0.6.3 released June 25, 2012, 11:30:37 PM #14
Code: root@server:~# aptitude safe-upgrade
The following packages will be upgraded:
bitcoin-qt bitcoind
2 packages upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
Need to get 2,117 kB of archives. After unpacking 114 kB will be used.
Do you want to continue? [Y/n/?]
Get: 1 http://ppa.launchpad.net/bitcoin/bitcoin/ubuntu/ precise/main bitcoin-qt amd64 0.6.3-precise1 [1,499 kB]
Get: 2 http://ppa.launchpad.net/bitcoin/bitcoin/ubuntu/ precise/main bitcoind amd64 0.6.3-precise1 [618 kB]
Fetched 1,298 kB in 3s (354 kB/s)
(Reading database ... 187954 files and directories currently installed.)
Preparing to replace bitcoin-qt 0.6.2-precise0 (using .../bitcoin-qt_0.6.3-precise1_amd64.deb) ...
Unpacking replacement bitcoin-qt ...
Preparing to replace bitcoind 0.6.2-precise0 (using .../bitcoind_0.6.3-precise1_amd64.deb) ...
Unpacking replacement bitcoind ...
Processing triggers for man-db ...
Setting up bitcoin-qt (0.6.3-precise1) ...
Setting up bitcoind (0.6.3-precise1) ...
Current status: 0 updates [-2].
root@server:~# logout
When I log in again:
Code: -bash: contrib/bitcoind.bash-completion: No such file or directory
-bash: contrib/bitcoind.bash-completion: No such file or directory
Cheers!
Thiago Upgrade problems, Ubuntu 12.04 (Bitcoin from PPA repository), look:When I log in again:Cheers!Thiago
doobadoo
Offline
Activity: 364
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 364Merit: 250 Re: Bitcoin-Qt / bitcoind version 0.6.3 released June 25, 2012, 11:38:57 PM #15 dumb question, but i when it comes to verfying the sig, i only know how to place the sig file wiht the same name as the .zip on with .asc into the same directory and right click to validate. What is this sha256 sum thing? And is that somehow generated off of Gavin's key? What does it verify and how to i run the check?
OS X Snow Leopard with GPG Tools. "It is, quite honestly, the biggest challenge to central banking since Andrew Jackson." -evoorhees
ThiagoCMC
Offline
Activity: 1204
Merit: 1000
฿itcoin: Currency of Resistance!
LegendaryActivity: 1204Merit: 1000฿itcoin: Currency of Resistance! Re: Bitcoin-Qt / bitcoind version 0.6.3 released June 26, 2012, 12:33:13 AM
Last edit: June 26, 2012, 02:32:19 AM by ThiagoCMC #17 Also, the Bitcoin tray icon is missing (Ubuntu 12.04 - Unity 3D and 2D)... And the text menu too...
If I minimize to the tray icon, the Bitcoin main window becomes inaccessible.
Cheers!
Thiago
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Famed author and Israel Prize laureate Amos Oz said calling for the destruction of Israel is antisemitic and spoke out against the BDS movement on Tuesday night.
Speaking to Kirsty Wark of BBC's Newsnight program, Oz said, “I can tell you exactly where I draw the line. If people call Israel nasty, I to some degrees agree. If people call Israel the devil incarnate, I think they are obsessed – they are mad. But this is still legitimate.
“But if they carry on saying that therefore there should be no Israel, that's where anti-Zionism becomes anti-Semitism, because none of them ever said after Hitler that Germany should cease to exist, or after Stalin that there should be no Russia,” he said.“Saying that Israel should cease to exist, or should not have come into being, this is crossing the line,” he said.When asked about his position regarding the BDS movement, Oz replied that he thinks the boycott is “hurting the wrong people.”“The idea that all Israelis are villains is a childish idea. Israel is the most deeply divided, argumentative society. You'll never find two Israelis who agree with one another – it's hard to find even one who agrees with himself or herself,” he said.“Boycott is the wrong way, because it hardens the Israeli resistance, and it deepens the Israeli paranoia that the whole world is against us, always has been against us, they don't even discriminate between one Israeli and the next, they boycott all of us and whatever they do they are going to hate us, so let's be bad guys for a change,” he told the BBC host.Oz said that while the boycott was very effective in the case of South Africa, it does not apply to Israel.“You have to be very stupid to think the prescription – the medicine that worked very well against cholera – will also kill the plague,” he said. “This is a kind of laziness, mental laziness. South Africa was bad.The Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories is bad, in a totally different way. You need a different prescription.”Oz was on the show to discuss his new book Judas, whose role in history was a “traitor.”The author said that over time Judas's story had become the “Chernobyl of Western antisemitism for 2,000 years.More people paid with their blood for this bloody story than for any other story ever told. Pogroms, inquisitions, persecutions and the Holocaust, because in the populist mind all of us [Jews] are Judas,” he said.Oz also called out the double standards and “hypocrisy” when it comes to Israel by many on the Left.“There are many, many people in this country [UK] and the whole of Europe who have a very soft spot for the Third World, saying ‘Well those people have suffered a lot, you have to understand it is only natural they are violent,” he said. “When it comes to the Jews they often say: ‘Well they have suffered so much. How can they be violent after such an experience?'” Oz said he believes no one should try to be “100% pro-Israel or 100% pro-Palestine,” but said people should try to “grasp the complexity and the ambivalence of the clash between right and right and sometimes between wrong and wrong.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
The Government Accountability Office on Friday released the detailed decision on a contract protest by Glock over the Army's selection for the Modular Handgun System contract.
The 17-page decision chronicled the Army's efforts between August 2015 and August 2016 when the field of nine proposals from five companies was reduced to an offering by Glock and another, ultimately winning bid, by Sig Sauer.
Then the two designs were judged competitively on eight factors as well as price. On seven nonmoneteary factors, the Sig offering, a version of their popular Model P320, was found to be “acceptable” in one category, “good” in three, and “outstanding” in three while the Glock, by comparison, was found “acceptable” in one, “good” in five, and “marginal” in one.
Moving past the apples-to-apples comparison with Sig, noted by the source selection authority as having a “slight technical advantage,” the biggest difference between the two was in price. The Glock proposal quoted $272,232,563. The Sig, $169,527,169, leading it to be selected in January to fill the need for what will be the new M17 and M18 handguns for the military.
“The price analysis shows that the Sig Sauer total evaluated price is $102,705,394 less than the Glock total evaluated price, making the Sig Sauer proposal overall the Best Value to the Government,” says the decision.
Glock protested the selection on Feb. 24, arguing the Army Material Command did not properly evaluate their proposal, citing officials improperly calculated Sig Sauer's total price by undercounting the number of spare parts required and other factors.
Taking a second look at it after the protest, the Army crunched the figures again and admitted they miscalculated Sig's pricing, noting the correct number of spares would add another $1.6 million to their price, still falling short of bridging the gap noted by the selection authority.
Glock also outlined a series of protests related to ammunition, the gun's manual safety weight, and others, which the GAO found that, even if granted, “does not appear likely to provide Glock with a substantial chance of receiving the award.”
The 17-round capacity M17 is set to replace the various versions of the M9 Beretta placed into service with the Army since 1985 while the M18 will supplement the M11 Sig. The Fort Campbell, Kentucky-based 101st Airborne will be the first to use the new handguns, possibly as early as this year.
A statue of President Barack Obama as a boy erected in a Jakarta park has been targeted in a Facebook campaign by thousands who say it should be removed.
The Indonesian-language Facebook group named "Take Down the Barack Obama Statue in Taman Menteng Park" had attracted more than 15,000 members by Tuesday since the 43-inch statue of 10-year-old Obama dressed in shorts and a T-shirt was unveiled in the downtown park on Thursday last week.
Heru Nugroho, the group's creator, said he would use the support on the popular social networking Web site to demand that Jakarta Gov. Fauzi Bowo remove the statue.
"Everybody knows that Obama is a world leader, but he is not our national hero who deserves to be awarded a statue," Nugroho said.
"This has hurt our national pride because there are many Indonesian figures who gave worthy service to this nation but no statue has been built for them," he added.
A separate, English-language Facebook site with the same name was created by a California man and has attracted about 100 members, mostly in the U.S.
Many Indonesians are proud of the fact that Mr. Obama lived in Jakarta from 1967 to 1971 with his American mother, his Indonesian stepfather and his half-sister.
He went by the name "Barry," attended the local elementary school near where his statue now stands and owned a pet monkey.
Ron Mullers, a Jakarta resident who came up with the idea of the statue and raised money for it, said it was supposed to inspire local children to follow their dreams.
"It's ridiculous. I'm shocked," Mullers, chairman of the local nonpolitical Friends of Obama Foundation, calling the move against the statue political.
Mullers likened the backlash to the controversy over whether Mr. Obama deserved the Nobel Peace Prize. Mr. Obama accepted that accolade in Oslo the same day as his statue was unveiled by Jakarta Mayor Sylviana Murni.
Murni ruled out moving the statue, saying that it has been erected the correct approvals and without political motive.
"Everyone in this country can express their opinions freely and give awards like statues to anyone freely," Murni said. The governor was overseas on business and was not available for comment Tuesday.
The statue cost more than $10,000. The money was donated by eight Indonesian patrons, a television station and a disaster relief charity.
INCREASINGLY, WHEN WE look at the value of aid and development, arguments are put forward that population growth must be addressed as central to the process of poverty reduction. A small minority of these arguments have taken the reprehensible view that famine, cyclical food crises and disease are necessary and natural methods of curbing population growth in the developing world. I believe it is a valid assumption that population growth can be viewed as an obstacle to development but the causes (and hence the attribution of ‘blame') are complex and varied.
Too often neglected in the controversy surrounding fertility rates is an examination of the causes behind the acceleration in very specific regions of the world, and precisely in the countries plagued by poverty. Despite a steady decline in fertility rates across the globe over the last 20 years, developing countries are absorbing an additional 80 million people every year and the strains are growing evident.
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, it is estimated that the population will grow from 60 million people to 120 million over the next thirty years. In Afghanistan, it is expected that the population will double from 30 to 60 million during the same period. It is interesting to compare this with the situation in Vietnam, Indonesia and Malawi where sound economic progress is being closely matched by a gradual decline in fertility rates.
The causes of high fertility rates are complex. In the least developed countries, including almost all of sub-Saharan Africa, high child mortality rates, the need for children to work among the poor, the lack of access to family planning services and the absence of basic education are all stimulating that growth.
“Absence of social protection or pensions”
It's no accident that the countries with the highest rates of child deaths are also among those with the highest population growth, because, put bluntly poor people have more children to ensure that some will survive to serve the function of carers in their parents old age. In the absence of social protection or pensions, such a motivation is understandable.
Child survival programmes are concerned with protecting the basic health and nutrition of children so that they are prevented from falling foul of hunger and disease. These programmes are important because they inherently negate the family's need for more children. Since 1992, Concern has worked to improve child survival rates by working to improve basic health services, provide adequate nutrition to families and immunize children against disease.
Interventions during the 1,000 days between a mother's pregnancy and her child's second birthday are considered the “window of opportunity” in this context. The lack of proper nutrition and care during this period can irreversibly impede a child's cognitive and physical development, denying them the ability to live prosperous lives.
A second factor driving population growth is the need among the poor for children to work in order to contribute to the family's earnings. In Ethiopia, I met with parents who had taken their children out of school because of the literal need for extra hands. Until communities are supported out of extreme poverty, poor people will continue to compensate for a lack of income by having large families, and children will continue to be measured in terms of their ability to contribute income.
In order to make informed decisions, access to basic family planning services is vital, though often lacking in the remote, rural areas in which many of the world's poor live. Reproductive health and voluntary family planning programmes urgently require political leadership and financial commitment so that the poorest can take control of their family's future.
In its health programmes, Concern promotes child spacing techniques that emphasize adequate time between pregnancies to protect a mother's health and the health of future children. Our emphasis is on information, education and behaviour change communication that protects the health of the entire family and prevents the transmission of disease.
“Education is paramount”
Paramount in curbing population growth is education, especially for girls and women. Research has demonstrated that for every three years of schooling a girl receives, she will have one less child, not to mention the associated benefits in skills, equality, confidence and later marriage age.
Many fragile states across the developing world struggle to provide basic education for girls – both in terms of the availability of educational infrastructure and attitudes to girls' enrolment. Concern works with governments, education providers, Parent Teacher Associations and communities to make schooling safe, affordable and accessible for children.
In Burundi, we encourage mothers in the community to join school committees where they can see first-hand the benefits of education for girls, with a view to increasing enrolment. In Sierra Leone, the number of female teachers on our professional distance-learning course increased by 50 per cent in one year alone and in Rwanda, more girls enrol and stay longer in school as the physical infrastructure is improved.
When we see high birth rates in poor countries, there are some who would in a sense, ‘blame the victim' and wonder at the irresponsibility of the decision to bring more children into a world of poverty. What this view does not take into account is the very lack of choice facing many of these families who are living in dire circumstances.
Birth rates have steadily declined across the industrialised world over the last 20 years in the presence of education, family planning and welfare systems. Through the provision and improvement of the same range of options, opportunities and chances of survival, families can be empowered to make informed decisions. Consequently, programmes that prevent the widespread deaths of young children, reduce poverty, enable voluntary family planning and support education are at the coalface of curbing fertility rates among the world's fastest growing populations – the world's poorest people.
Today is World Population Day. Paul O'Brien is Concern Worldwide‘s Overseas Director.
Potato Cabbage Colcannon-Instant Pot. My grandparents arrived at Ellis Island from Ireland in the 1920's, with the dream of making a better life in America. They settled in Chicago, and eventually, the extended family joined them. I have many fond memories of the brownstone on Greenwood Avenue that they owned, where the family gathered for food and good times. When I recall the food we enjoyed, some dishes stand out in my mind, and the potato cabbage dish called Colcannon, was often a staple on the table. This simple dish, made in the Instant Pot is ready in less than 30 minutes, and is a comfort food any time of year, whether your roots are Irish or not. Vegan, gluten free, dairy free.
Tools Of The Trade Used In This Recipe:
I made this recipe in the Instant Pot 6 Quart Pressure Cooker. Check out my review of the Instant Pot, and see all the delicious recipes that I have made with this gadget that replaces 9 kitchen tools!
5 from 1 vote Print Potato Cabbage Colcannon-Instant Pot Potato Cabbage Colcannon-Instant Pot. Traditional Irish favorite, warm comfort food.
Prep Time 20 minutes Cook Time 20 minutes Total Time 40 minutes Servings 4 -6 servings Calories 315 kcal Author greenschemetv Ingredients 2 russet potatoes peeled and chopped
1 onion chopped
5 cups shredded cabbage
2 tsp sea salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
1 cup water if using Instant Pot. If not, fill Soup Pot with water to cook vegetables.
3 tbsp green onion
vegan butter Instructions Instant Pot Directions Place all ingredients in Instant Pot and set to high pressure for 8 minutes. Release steam by using quick release. When pot is cool, drain any water that remains, and blend potatoes, onions and cabbage with small hand blender, leaving some large pieces. Do not over-blend unless you want mashed potatoes and cabbage. Serve in bowls and top with vegan butter and sliced green onions. Serves 4. Soup Pot Directions If you are not cooking with an Instant Pot, place all ingredients in a large soup pot and fill with water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to medium heat and cook until potatoes are done, approximately 20-30 minutes. Drain vegetables in strainer and return to the pot. Blend potatoes, onions and cabbage with small hand blender, leaving some large pieces. Do not over-blend unless you want mashed potatoes and cabbage. Serve in bowls and top with vegan butter and sliced green onions. Nutrition Facts Potato Cabbage Colcannon-Instant Pot Amount Per Serving (1 g) Calories 315 * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
For more photos see Foodgawker Gallery.
More recipes like Potato Cabbage Colcannon-Instant Pot that you might enjoy:
Like several of us…ok, many of us…I really love the early Ford Broncos, especially those that haven't been carved up or rusted away. This almost stock 1967 model pushes a lot of my buttons, especially with these great period colors! It's located in Marshall, Illinois (hmmm, I'm currently in an airport waiting to fly to the Midwest–maybe I could drive home!) and is listed for sale here on eBay, where I'm sure bidding will rise from the opening bid of $2,500.
The seller maintains that the biggest problem with this vehicle is responding to all the attention it receives–the thumbs up, honking and waving! The stated reason for selling is that the owner's daughter is getting ready to attend college and that she's prettier than the Bronco. My only comment on that is that she must be a real knockout!
Just look at that shine! The seller doesn't mention any rust or filler, and I can't detect any from the pictures, but it might be worth the question anyway. As always with a vehicle that has potentially been off-road, I'd like to see some undercar pictures as well. That being said, this one is equipped just the way I'd like it, with a 289 V8, three speed and no power options (less to break).
I'm pleased to report that the rear is just as nice as the front. I'm not too sure I'd leave the surfboard decal, but hey, maybe there's a case for that too. I'm guessing this isn't original paint and chrome, but it sure looks terrific in these pictures.
There's some more personalized touches on the inside as well. I'd at least like to know the story behind them before making any decisions one way or the other about keeping them. I love the plainness of these honest vehicles, though.
I think I would try to source an original air cleaner and paint the header tank, but otherwise I'd leave well enough alone under here. A 289 is plenty of power for this vehicle, and you won't be breaking any speed records with it anyway. The seller includes one picture of it with the top off, which is the way I'd want to drive it whenever possible, anyway! While I'm pretty sure it's not a survivor, it does look the part, doesn't it? So–what do you think it's worth, and should I make a detour on my trip?
Polite Fiction What's a "polite fiction"? Daily human interaction is based on polite "lies"- culturally sanctioned beliefs in how people should relate to each other. What we think of as "good manners" is based on our culture's ideals about human relations. Whether or not these ideals are true in a given interaction, we usually act on the basis of these "polite fictions." Understanding these basic beliefs can help you to guess what action will be considered courteous in a new situation. Popular "Polite Fictions" in the U.S. Here are some beliefs that inform "good manners" in the mainstream United States, with some Asian contrasts to illustrate alternative "polite fictions". We're all equals. When two people meet, they shake hands or both wave "hi". One says, "How are you?" and the other responds, "Fine, and you?" Since equality is the ideal, it does not matter who starts the conversation even if there is a distinct status difference.
In contrast, in Thailand, the junior person comes to the senior, puts hands together and bows slightly. The polite fiction is "I'm honoring you" (honoring seniority). Acting as equals would be rude.
Equality is demonstrated by eye-to-eye contact.
In contrast, in Japan, especially when you meet someone for the first time, adults are less likely to look at someone directly unless they are equal or below you in status.
Americans, even in conserative environments, demonstrate equality by the use of first names, even in hierarchical settings. The CEO will say ,"Call me Dave." Thus the "I respect authority" fiction is gradually being pushed aside by the "We're all equal and friends" polite fiction. In a gathering of people with different levels of social status, we may make a point of treating everyone evenhandedly. Relax! When someone comes to visit you tell them to "make themselves at home" and to "help themselves" to a beer in the fridge, "take off their tie" etc. It is courteous to treat someone with the same casual intimacy you would give a friend or family member.
In contrast, In many other countries there is a different polite fiction of "I'm being attentive to you." The body posture is alert, you show you are listening closely . As host, your actions towards the other person are solicitious rather than permissive. You and I are close friends. (or at least: I like you.) Even if you don't like someone or have just met them, polite fiction requires that you act friendly and pleasant as you would towards a friend. Formality is generally associated with coldness, so personal warmth is signaled through informal language and behavior. You are interesting. Americans use questions to indicate the polite fiction "I am interested in you." To listen quietly with no response would be rude, as would contradict the speaker's facts or opinions without offering some praise or soft language first.
In contrast, in Japan, curiosity is less valued. Asking "why" can be considered childish. If an adult asks a question, it is considered to be of great importance, and people make significant efforts to supply an answer.
To listen quietly with no response would be rude, as would contradict the speaker's facts or opinions without offering some praise or soft language first. An American tour group bombards a guide with questions.
In contrast, the Japanese listen appreciately to whatever the guide knows is important to tell them. What a great idea! -You are original. We compliment others on their "new" ideas and inventions. We may try to say something new or unique that will set us apart and not "bore" the other person with things they know already.
Ideas belong to the person who had them, and must be treated with the same respect you would show to the person. A criticism of someone's statement = a criticism of them as a person. You and I are individuals. Politeness means giving the other person a choice, recognizing their individual preferences. Take coffee, for example. You have a choice of whether you want it or not, whether you want one lump or two, milk or no milk, etc. It would be considered rude if a host just gave you a cup of coffee without asking how you liked it.
In contrast, in East Asian countries, the highest status person often orders for the whole group. The polite fiction is "We are all part of the same group" and therefore eating the same food, or as humble host: "As honored guest, I give you the best I have to offer even though it isn't very good." You and I are independent. It is polite to be as self-sufficient as possible, trying not to ask people for help or for emotional support. We're having fun. Although Americans complain rather freely in public, it is polite to act as if you are enjoying yourself, and to devote yourself to helping the people around you be "happy." Hence the increasingly frequent greeting, "Have a nice day." We assume that everyone is happy or is trying to be. You and I are very busy people. Your time is valuable; I will take care not to waste it.
People display their importance by appearing busier than others. Many people are overworked and overscheduled.
To help them uphold their sense of importance, and not to stress someone who is already overloaded, it is polite to be careful of "taking" another person's time. Most polite interactions make some reference to time ("I'll just be a moment." "I know you're busy, but…" "Thank you for your time.")
Getting started in user experience can be difficult. Our profession has an identity crisis. You need look no further than swarm of acronyms that we hide behind: CHI, HCI, UI, UE, UX, IA, ID, IxD, IxSD,… the list goes on.
Our identity crisis means learning our field is like trying to inhabit the mind of a multiple personality disorder sufferer. For an aspiring interaction designer, figuring it all out is daunting. For anyone, it's daunting.
This is my top-five list of what I've found to be most important to do and master if you want to get into design.
1. The Hardest Part Of Software Is Culture. Get A Book On Negotiation.
The hardest part about creating software isn't software. It's people. Creating a killer interface is meaningless unless you can convince the rest of your team, client, or company that it is worth the investment. Your job as a user experience person is to cultivate a culture where good design has a leading voice at the table. If you cannot communicate, you will fail. If you can not convince, you will fail. If you cannot listen, you will fail.
Much of what I look for in a designer is the ability to balance, persuade, and negotiate without compromising on design. To design is to inspire participation. Unless we can let our ideas become other people's ideas—get others to want to champion design as their own—we will not be successful.
Learn to make mockups, prototypes, and videos. Learn how to create at the right level of fidelity to convince others: sometimes a sketch will do, sometimes pixel-perfect mockups are what you'll need, and sometimes only an interactive demo will suffice. Learn to talk in use-cases to product managers and business-speak to business development people. Get a book on negotiation. It will be your best friend.
The hardest part of your job isn't being creative or brilliant; it's communicating and culture.
2. Know Cognitive Psychology.
You are designing for people; you need to be well versed in the abilities and frailties of the human mind. There are fundamental truths about of what we are capable that runs deeper than culture and language. How much can you store in short-term memory? What are the properties of your locus of attention? A priori, how long does it take to choose an item in an ordered list? How does habituation affect design?
If you can't answer these questions, you need to get yourself a copy of The Humane Interface, How We Decide, and The Resonant Interface.
When I'm hiring, I don't look for credentials, I look for knowledge. If you don't at least know what GOMs analysis is and the cognitive science behind why undo is better than a warning, I know that even if your designs are good, you don't understand why. That's dangerous. Your gut can often lead you in the right direction, but it can also make stupid and avoidable mistakes. Potentially worse, you won't be able to communicate and convince others of your ideas because you can only argue with feelings.
Interface design is as much a science as it is an art. Know the science, else you are walking blindly through a minefield of harmful design.
3. Learn to Program, Even If Poorly.
2,500 years ago, a Greek writer told us something about creating software: Thucydides wrote, “The society that separates its scholars from its warriors will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting by fools.” The optimal society is one that mixes scholar-warriors and warrior-scholars. The same is true for companies that schism their designers and engineers. The most important trait a team can have is empathy. Without it, the implementers will not care, and the designers will not be realistic. When companies complain of specs and code being “tossed over the fence”, a lack of empathy is to blame.
The most powerful tool for creating empathy as a designer is prototyping. It meets the rest of the team half-way, is the second most persuasive artifact (the first being a narrated video of the prototype), and gives you a sense of what's hard and what's easy to implement. Having thought through the edge-cases and being able to speak an engineer's language gives you street cred. You don't need to be a great coder, but you should at least be able to get your idea across in in HTML and Javascript.
To design is to inspire participation. To do that, you need to be respected. For that, you need to be a designer-coder.
4. Create, Create, Create.
Great designers do design all of the time. They get mad in an elevator when the buttons are in a confusion order, or when the buttons on a ATM are incorrectly labeled. Then they take a picture and blog about it. If you don't love creating and designing, you shouldn't be in the field. You'll need thousands of hours of practice to rise to the top of your game. In the end, you are designing for people so you need to intimately know people, and people are messy.
If you don't have dozens of little projects you've created, learned from, and even discarded, you are doing it wrong.
5. Study Graphic Design.
I used to be a hard-nosed interaction designer, and eschewed visual design in favor of experience design. While it is true that getting interaction right requires a deeper understanding of human psychology, a read through Emotional Design shows that looks matter. Looks affect usability. Looks are just one aspect of designing for emotional beings—you need to think about the whole sensory experience of an object, from sound to touch—but looks are often the most immediatly apparent.
Study typography, study the Swiss grid system, learn how to make your designs pop even if it means being heavily inspired by others' style in the beginning.
You are in the business of selling ideas. Unfortunately, an ugly mockup of a brilliant idea is often overlooked for a beautiful mockup of a derivative idea. To compete, you need to learn how to be an adequate graphic designer.
| | All blog posts
No related posts.
Friday, July 14 and Saturday, July 15 | 6PM
The National, Buke and Gase, Sō Percussion, Nadia Sirota, Mouse on Mars
// Tickets $50 | raising fun and funds for Basilica Hudson //
To celebrate the release of their new single Guilty Party, The National will be throwing an intimate, one-of-a-kind release party at Basilica Hudson on July 14 and 15. Tickets for the show are on sale now, while stocks last.
The collaborative concert will be performed in the round and will also feature Buke & Gase, Nadia Sirota, Mouse on Mars, SO Percussion and more. Video artist Casey Reas will be contributing live projection mapping for the event.
Each guest attending the show will receive a Guilty Party 7 inch double-A split with The System Only Dreams In Total Darkness.
A portion of the ticket sales from the shows will go towards raising funds for Basilica Hudson. Basilica Hudson is honored to be hosting this very special event and is grateful for The National's support.
Beer will be provided by Mikkeller. Guilty Party is taken from The National's forthcoming album Sleep Well Beast, out September 8 on 4AD
The Abbott government is facing fresh calls to delay the introduction of its higher-education reforms, with a vice-chancellor breaking ranks with the sector to support limits on the amount universities can charge for a degree.
Only two of the nation's 40 public universities have indicated what fees students would be charged from 2016 if the government's plan, currently stalled in the Senate, becomes law. The main round of university offers for NSW and the ACT will be released on Wednesday, with 80,000 hopeful students in the dark about what they would pay in the later years of their degree.
Only two public universities have announced what fees they will charge from 2016. Credit:Fairfax
"UTS is concerned about the financial uncertainty deregulation of fees means for students starting in 2015," University of Technology, Sydney, vice-chancellor Attila Brungs said.
"We believe it is unreasonable for deregulation to proceed for 2016 due to a lack of time to consider and implement any final legislation and to provide appropriate advice to prospective students. 2017 is now the earliest that fee deregulation should be considered."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TAMA, Ia. -- A volunteer firefighter, who is supposed to be saving lives, is accused of risking them by setting some of the blazes he helped battle. One after another, Tama volunteer firefighters have been dealing with several suspicious fires over the past few months. They suspected they had an arsonist on their hands, but they never dreamed it could be one of their own until now.
Eighteen-year old Tama volunteer firefighter Justin Anderson, a high school senior who is scheduled to graduate Sunday, is charged with seven counts of arson. He's the son of long-time Fire Chief Rod Anderson. Investigators believe Justin Anderson set at least three vacant homes on fire, and also started several grass fires.
"We've had numerous calls of potentially set fires," says Tama County Sheriff Dennis Kucera, "Some of them involved structure fires. Vacant properties."
"He's a good kid. I'm blown away actually because he's a good kid, you know?" says neighbor Mitch Fricke, "I can't see him doing it. That's why it's hard for me to believe that he did what he did."
What is the problem?
Sound is a fundamental component of habitat that many ocean animals and ecosystems have evolved to rely on over millions of years. It is the most efficient means of communication over distance underwater. In just the last 100 years, human activity has increased along more coasts, further offshore, and in deep ocean environments. Noise from this activity travels long distances underwater, leading to increases and changes in ocean noise levels.
Rising noise levels can negatively impact ocean animals and ecosystems in complex ways. Higher noise levels can reduce the ability of animals to communicate with potential mates, other group members, their offspring, or feeding partners. Noise can reduce an ocean animal's ability to hear environmental cues that are vital for survival, including those key to avoiding predators, finding food, and navigation among preferred habitats.
What is NOAA's approach?
NOAA's approach to managing ocean noise aims to reduce negative physical and behavioral impacts to trust species, as well as conserve the quality of acoustic habitats. In 2010, NOAA committed to improving the tools used by the Agency to manage underwater noise impacts more comprehensively, including to better address cumulative impacts to whales, dolphins, and porpoises. This commitment led to two phases:
Phase 1 — CetSound CetMap and SoundMap, which aim to improve our ability to visualize cetacean density and distribution, and man-made underwater noise, respectively.
develops two mapping tools,and, which aim to improve our ability to visualize cetacean density and distribution, and man-made underwater noise, respectively. Phase 2 — The Ocean Noise Strategy, following CetSound, identified NOAA's long-term ocean noise management goals, as well as science and policy mechanisms for NOAA to meet those goals. This phase continues through the development and implementation of plans to achieve Strategy goals by programs across the agency.
Riveting dramas play out daily on a nature preserve in southwestern Utah. A tobacco plant is quietly minding its own business when moth caterpillars attack, devouring its leaves. The plant sends out a chemical distress call to another insect species called "big-eyed bugs," which soon arrive on the scene to attack the caterpillars. Now, researchers have discovered that the alarm signal goes out at lightning speed—and in a strange twist, the caterpillars appear to help make the call.
Scientists have known for a long time that plants create complex, specific chemical signals that attract predators when they're under siege from herbivores. But those compounds take hours to a day for the plant to make. "It's day-old news," says study author Ian Baldwin, an ecologist at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology in Jena, Germany. After all, a predator wouldn't want to arrive only to find that the herbivores have already left. The new study, published tomorrow in Science, reveals a much faster distress call.
Silke Allmann, a graduate student in Baldwin's group, first got a hint of this signal when she was examining chemical analyses of green leafy volatiles (GLV), a group of chemicals that makes up the grassy smell of a fresh-cut lawn. Plants emit GLVs whenever they're damaged. But GLVs from tobacco plants come in two varieties, usually called the (Z)- and (E)-isomers. Allman discovered that when a plant is cut by, say, a lawnmower or a knife, it releases much more (Z)- than (E)-GLVs. But if a tobacco hornworm caterpillar (Manduca sexta) bites the leaf, (Z)- and (E)-compounds are released in equal amounts.
To see if this made a difference to predators, the researchers glued caterpillar eggs onto leaves and, next to them, dabbed a paste containing different mixtures of GLVs. The mixtures with more (E)-GLVs attracted more big-eyed bugs of the Geocori genus, which poked a hole in the eggs and ate the innards.
Allmann also looked for chemical reactions in the plant that would shift the ratio between different forms of the molecules, but she couldn't find any. So she wondered if enzymes from the caterpillar might cause the shift right after the plant releases its GLVs. Indeed, she found that caterpillar saliva converts the (Z)-version of one of the GLV molecules to the (E)-version. "That's where it got really weird," says Baldwin. "Why would a caterpillar do this to itself?" He speculates that the (E)-GLVs could help kill microbes in the caterpillars' gut.
The fact that the caterpillar's own spit helps sign its death warrant is a "weird and novel twist," says Jeffrey Conner, an ecological geneticist at Michigan State University's Kellogg Biological Station in Hickory Corners. Further experiments may turn up some reason why changing the mixture of plant compounds benefits the caterpillars, says Conner.
CISPA is back.
While Americans marathoned House of Cards in their Snuggies, Representatives Mike Rogers and Dutch (née Charles Albert) Ruppersberger announced that they will reintroduce the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act this week. According to some of the internet advocates who organized last year's SOPA Blackout, this is a vile political move worthy of Francis Underwood. In their view, CISPA is "SOPA 2.0" — a privacy killer of an open internet. But is it really time to turn Google, Reddit, and Wikipedia dark and activate the cat signal?
CISPA is a proposed amendment to the National Security Act of 1947. It would make it easier for private companies and the government to share information related to "cyber threats." This means that it would be easier for Facebook or Twitter or your Internet Service Provider to share your personal information with the CIA, NSA, and FBI. The companies could share your personal data, location, browser and search histories, emails, messages, and other sensitive information, so long as it is related to "cyber threats." The "cyber threat intelligence" definition is very broad — currently any information "pertaining to a vulnerability of" a computer network would apply. The bill has no limits on how long the government can keep the data it collects. It would be difficult to keep the government from searching that data for reasons unrelated to national security. And the sponsors in the House have beaten back proposed oversight amendments, so feel free to panic about the Predator Drone hovering outside your window as you surf your way through 4chan.
The House passed CISPA last year, but it stalled in the Senate, which is working on its own bill. President Obama prefers the Senate bill and has threatened to veto CISPA. President Obama is reportedly considering a draft executive order to deal with cyber threats, but an executive order is a poor substitute for proper legislation.
Absent internet activism, there are reasons to believe that a bill closer to CISPA may win Obama's signature.
First, America faces more cyberattacks. The Chinese spying on the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, and Washington Post and the Super Bowl hacking of the Federal Reserve revealed real issues about computer security — and we found out about them all at once. These events are a concentrated dose of reality for policymakers, who describe us as "under siege" and at risk of a "Cyber-9/11."
One-of-a-Kind GIA Certified 9377.00 CTW Genuine Topaz Stone
This rare topaz stone's transparent brown reveals an orange cast as it catches the light, accentuated by a modified octagonal brilliant cut. At an immense 9377.00 carats, the topaz is a luxurious investment and would be a one-of-a-kind addition to a collection or a matchless gift. The topaz has been certified by the Gemological Institute of America to guarantee its quality and authenticity, and will ship with certification.
Genuine topaz stone
Carat total weight: 9377.00 carat
Dimensions: 18.80 x 7.91 x 6.59 cm
Shape: Modified octagonal brilliant cut
Transparency: Transparent
Color: Orangy brown
Ships with certification from the Gemological Institute of America. View proof of certification.
For questions pertaining to this deal, click the Ask a Question button below. For post-purchase inquiries, please contact Groupon customer support.
Goods sold by Groupon Goods. View the Groupon Goods FAQ to learn more.
Peter Gabriel fans can enjoy an immersive concert experience next month as a raft of live material is repackaged for DVD, Blu-ray and digital formats.
Still Growing Up Live & Unwrapped will be reissued as a two-DVD set, while Growing Up Live + Still Growing Up Live & Unwrapped will arrive for the first time ever as a Blu-ray/DVD set with the previously unreleased Growing Up on Tour: A Family Portrait . Both sets, due on Sept. 16, feature performances from the early '00s.
Guest stars on Growing Up Live + Still Growing Up Live include the Blind Boys of Alabama, and Sevara Nazarkhan joins Gabriel for "In Your Eyes." Growing Up Live 's bonus features are highlighted by tour photos from bassist Tony Levin. A two-song performance from Later With Jools Holland is among the extras on Still Growing Up .
Growing Up Live was recorded during Gabriel's 2002-03 tour, while Unwrapped offers a more intimate look at the concerts. Gabriel collaborated with production designer Robert Lepage for these shows, which took place at arenas in 32 cities in the U.S., Canada and Europe. Still Growing Up Live , meanwhile, features music from Gabriel's 2004 tour of smaller venues.
Growing Up Live & Unwrapped + Still Growing Up Live is available for pre-order at Amazon ; Still Growing Up Live & Unwrapped can be pre-ordered right now too. Hamish Hamilton directed Growing Up Live and Still Growing Up Live , while daughter Anna Gabriel take over the director's chair – with an assist from Hamilton – on Unwrapped . Anna also oversaw Growing Up on Tour: A Family Portrait .
There's a lot to cover in the new Honorary Professor support, but this card has arguably been the center of the most discussion in the new reveals. His ability is unorthodox and can be slightly confusing, so let's take a look into this card to see what makes Honorary Professor, Chatsauvage as good as he is.
[AUTO]:[Choose a grade 3 cards with “Honorary Professor” in its card name from your hand, and discard it] When this unit is placed on (VC) by riding a “Honorary Professor, Chatnoir”, you may pay the cost. If you do, choose a face down “Omniscience Dragon, Cath Palug” or “Immortality Professor, Brahmananda” on your G-zone, Stride it on your (VC). If you Stride, until end of turn, you cannot Stride.
At first glance, this card may appear to be useless. As is commonly known, Break Ride skills are lost under normal circumstances when you Stride. Even though Chatnoir's Break Ride skill focuses on rear guard attacks, the ability itself comes from the Vanguard and as such, even the rear guard power gain and retire/draw are lost if you Stride over a Grade 3 that has been granted the Break Ride skill.
However, Chatsauvage brings Vanguard's interesting card interactions and timings into light. Chatsauvage's skill forces your Stride for the turn to happen at a different time than it normally would. In Vanguard, if two skills activate simultaneously, the turn player decides in what order those abilities resolve. When you ride Chatsauvage over Chatnoir, two things happen at exactly the same time. Chatnoir's ability activates to give your Vanguard +10k power and the rest of the Break Ride ability, but Chatsauvage's skill also activates to discard an Honorary Professor Grade 3 and Stride. As the turn player, you can decide to resolve Chatsauvage's skill first. This allows you to Stride before resolving Chatnoir's skill, gifting the Break Ride to the G Unit instead of giving it to Chatsauvage.
Chatsauvage has two specific targets that he can Stride into with his ability. When you use him and gift your G Unit the Break Ride skill, you turn your G Units into incredible powerhouses. Cath Palug suddenly gives +8k and draw 2 for every attack. Brahmananda lets your multi-attacking get bigger and beefier with every rear guard attack, potentially closing out games by overwhelming your opponent.
Even if you have to ride Chatsauvage first and miss out on the combo, all is not lost. Unlike previous backup Grade 3 choices for Chatnoir decks, Chatsauvage himself still has the Honorary Professor name. This means that if you are unfortunate to miss out on riding Chatnoir first, you still retain access to the two G Units that require Honorary Professor Hearts.
Do I wish Chatsauvage had a second ability, perhaps his own on-Stride skill? I do, but with the combos he enables, that surely would have been asking for too much. The only major drawback I can see that is worth noting for this card is that he is restricted to Cath Palug and Brahmananda specifically. This means that any future Honorary Professor support may make him a bit awkward if we get more G Units to work with.
Overall, there is a myriad of reasons to love Chatsauvage. I for one welcome him to the ever-growing cat family within Great Nature University.
Remember, if you want to keep up to date with past, present, and futures articles published on this website, we have a Facebook page that will update whenever something new is posted here. Give it a like or a follow to make sure you get a notification when important things happen in the world of Great Nature!
Advertisements
Ross Bjork let the cat slip out of the bag this week and informed the public of the forthcoming SEC television network, currently dubbed "Project X". No longer will ESPNU simply change its logo to the round SEC emblem; we're getting our own channel.
Will it be worth it? Hell yes it will. It will be awesome, something which I can say with confidence because the Southeastern Conference's tried and true "throw money at it until it works" method will be in full employ to make it awesome. It will broadcast various SEC sporting events, both live and as replays, as well as air coaches shows, "classic" football games, and generally serve as a powerful vehicle by which to continue promoting the SEC's brand of college athletics.
To boot, it will assuredly be broadcast via satellite or cable into your home at a speed much faster than that of the B1G network.
Aside from all of that, though, what else will this network use to fill up its programming schedule? Surely you can't replay the 2010 Iron Bowl ad nauseum just to fill up time ("The hell you cain't!"). This is the SEC network; this has got to be unique and showcase what it is about our corner of America that makes this conference more than a collection of universities competing against one another in athletic contests - what makes it a cultural institution.
What sorts of television shows might accomplish this end?
Swamp People Redux featuring a shirtless Ed Orgeron beating the shit out of alligators with a boat oar.
Tailgating Treats with Paula Deen, where said pummeled reptiles are battered, fried, dusted with powdered sugar and drizzled in caramel. There will be a weekly segment entitled "So you've got Diabetes? Like you give a fuck."
Infomercials for Hoverounds posing as public service announcements.
A blatant ripoff of No Reservations featuring Andy Kennedy. Unlike the Anthony Bourdain version of this show, which sees the host spend his days in various locales worldwide sampling their culinary and cultural offerings, this one will feature the Rebel basketball coach traveling across the American Midwest, drinking cheap beer and fighting the locals.
Bill Dance telling terrible stories while reeling in channel cats. This will be the network's flagship program.
Vanderbilt's Haughty Education Hour featuring lectures on Booooorrrrrrrrrrrrriiinnnnnggg by Dr. Nobody McGivesadamn, PhD.
You know those Sunday-morning church services that are live broadcast which you don't watch? You'll start watching them when Houston Nutt and Hugh Freeze tag team to deliver the good word right to the liquid crystal display of your Samsung. Watch as Houston whips out a bunch of rattlesnakes and just starts shaking the hell out of them in front of the congregation! See a Jars of Clay-singing Hugh Freeze visibly display both horror and fascination!
Robert Nkemdiche's World, where Neal McCready and a half-dozen Alabama fans follow the Logan, Georgia defensive end prospect around with a handicam.
Golf Like a Professional with Steve Spurrier, which largely feature an annoyed coach Spurrier shouting "quit followin' me, and get that gotdanged camera out of here before I call the police."
Why Ole Miss is a DooDoo Place that Sucks and has Jerk Fans, a ten-part miniseries written and directed by Whit Waide.
The Real Housewives of Tuscaloosa which, really, is every bit as catty and monkeyshit stupid as the other shows in the Real Housewives canon, but without the designer clothes and houses built upon foundations.
Survival Skills Featuring Bear Grylls and Les Miles, where each talk about things that they've eaten that probably should have killed them or at least given them cause for violent diarrhea.
Dave Neal. He's immortal.
And, of course, my man Cowboy:
Just hours, and hours of this. That's all I ask for.
"A few guys did upchuck. We all knew what we were eating. All I can say is it was very game-y," is how actor Liam Neeson described eating wolf meat for his new survival movie The Grey. Yes, Neeson and his castmates ate wolf.
In order to better prepare his actors for a scene in which they would be eating wolf, The Grey director Joe Carnahan had his actors actually eat wolf. The wolf was obtained from Smithers, British Columbia (where the movie was filmed). Trapper Dick McDiarmid who also provided wolf carcasses for the movie, donated the wolves. It's legal to hunt and trap wolves in British Columbia.
The 67-year-old McDiarmid told the Canadian news site The Province, "They wanted a couple more that they were going to try and eat." The actors had their choice of wolf stew or barbequed wolf on the bone. The Chicago Sun-Times reports that most of the cast vomited after eating the meat but that Neeson found it pretty good. "I went up for seconds of the wolf stew," Neeson said.
One of the actors that didn't care for wolf was Dermot Mulrony (No news on if he yacked or not). He told of his experience with the exotic in an interview with Jimmy Kimmel. The interview was rather fun until Kimmel's and Mulrony's ignorance gave us the following:
Kimmel - "Do people eat wolves? Is it legal to eat a wolf?"
A fumbling Mulroney - "I can't be certain."
Yes, guys. You can eat wolf if you obtained the carcass legally.
Of course that doesn't mean I plan on eating wolf anytime soon.
Would you eat wolf? And if so, do you think you'd be one to puke or go back for seconds? How long before PETA badmouths Neeson? Comment below!
Food trucks will converge in for the city's first large-scale food truck event from 5 to 8 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 4.
is organizing the event, which Director Maralee Britton hopes will be similar to the monthly Food Truck Friday events at Tower Grove Park, hosted by Sauce Magazine.
"We're starting to look at food trucks in a much different light. It's more gourmet food now than what you might have seen at a carnival," she said. "While some of our cohorts in the St. Louis area had been doing some of these types of events, it had not spread yet to this side of the river."
Cities in St. Charles County have varying rules for food trucks, which may be the reason not many venture into the County regularly. Some cities, like O'Fallon, prohibit food trucks, while St. Peters and St. Charles require vendors to get approval from the Planning and Zoning Commission.
Since this event is happening in the park, food trucks will only be had to get a temporary license from St. Charles County Health Department and provide proof of insurance to participate.
Britton said they are hoping to get a craft beer vendor and a wine vendor and someone to provide background music as well. Attendees are encouraged to bring lawn chairs and blankets.
"The food trucks is definitely something new for us," Britton said. "We have not typically in the past been an event department... Our city is saturated with events, we want to be cautious that we choose something that's not a a typical event."
She said she's hopeful food trucks in Frontier will bring a much broader base of people from throughout the region.
Sign Up Now! GIVEAWAY HAS ENDED. WINNER WILL BE SELECTED SOON! Subscribe
We as gun lovers know that we want nothing more than to protect our Second Amendment rights.
What better way to show it than with this Don't Tread on Me holster.
This made in the U.S.A., handcrafted Savoy Leather Pancake style holster is the perfect way to keep and bear your arms under the Second Amendment.
The best part about this holster? It's ABSOLUTELY FREE!
Just enter your name and email below for your chance to win this incredible piece of American Craftsmanship.
You'll also receive free updates and information from the top informed patriots in the country.
Don't wait, we're only going to keep this open for a limited amount of time… so SIGN UP TODAY FOR YOUR CHANCE TO WIN!
Description: The Stylish Savoy Leather open carry Pancake style holster is handcrafted from fine American heavy leather, Hand molded to the specific gun model and dyed in custom color. These stylish holsters have an average 15° forward cant and are available in left and right handed versions. All holsters are made to order and currently have 8-10 week lead times. All Savoy Leather Holsters are made from American materials from the heavy leather, to the thread, dye and oil.
-Giveaway End April 30th at Midnight-
Contest Rules: No purchase necessary. Contest void where prohibited by law. One entry per person. To enter this website's contest fill out the online entry form before midnight on the date listed above. Chances of winning determined by the number of entrants. Mail-in entries will not be accepted. Duplicate entries will be discarded. Incomplete entries will be disqualified. To be eligible to win, entrants must be U. S. citizens, residents of one of the fifty United States or the District of Columbia, and be at least 18 years of age. The prize, as described above, will be awarded to a single winner as the only prize in this contest. The winner will be selected in a random drawing held on or after the deadline listed above. The winner will be notified by e-mail. The winner must comply with all federal, state and local laws.
A Cleveland house that is covered with fake flowers, decorations and a poster of two half-naked people at the back door has some neighbors fed up and a city councilman stepping in.
“It's just getting out of hand," said Mickey Barrett who lives behind the so-called "Flower House."
The house is located on Lakewood Heights Boulevard at West 139th Street. One of the male residents declined to talk to NewsChannel 5.
“The neighborhood has asked them to tone it down," said another neighbor who declined to identify herself. "They increase it ten-fold.”
Some of the neighbors call the house an eyesore, others aren't bothered by the decorations. But many said the number of flowers, ornaments and ribbons have multiplied in the last year. They also said the residents add to their display at night when the house is lit up with holiday lights.
“As days go by, they just keep adding on and adding on," added Barrett. "It's depreciating the values of the houses in the neighborhood.”
“Nobody has done nothing, nobody has done nothing," said the unidentified neighbor who added that she has called the councilman and police but had no results.
“It is a pain, and we're going to deal with it," said Councilman Brian Kazy, whose ward includes the decorated house.
Kazy said he tried to deal with the issue last year when he submitted a complaint to Cleveland's Building and Housing Department. But he said there are no ordinances or legislation that address an overabundance of decorations.
The department closed the case. But since the decorations have multiplied and neighbors have recently complained, he said he's looking into it again.
"There may be some violations with some structures that have been put up without permits," added Kazy.
Kazy said he will meet a building and housing inspector at the house Friday morning. He is also setting up mediation between the neighbors and the owner.
“Something has got to be done, and I'm sick of it," said the unidentified neighbor.
Pro- and anti-abortion-rights activists rally face to face in front of the U.S. Supreme Court in Washington on the 40th anniversary of the landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that legalized abortion nationwide. Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday sidestepped what would have been its first abortion case since 2007, declining a case about overturned restrictions on the RU-486 abortion pill.
The dismissal means that last week's Oklahoma Supreme Court ruling, which invalidated a 2011 state law restricting medical abortions, is final. The state supreme court said the law violated the Constitution by effectively banning abortion-inducing drugs.
In a one-line order on Monday, the Supreme Court dismissed the Oklahoma case, Cline v. Oklahoma Coalition for Reproductive Justice, as "improvidently granted."
The Center for Reproductive Rights, the group that had challenged the law, said the Supreme Court's action means women in Oklahoma will once again have access to drug-induced abortions and nonsurgical treatment for ectopic pregnancies — when an embryo implants outside the uterus — which are usually not viable.
"The Supreme Court has let stand a strong decision by the Oklahoma Supreme Court that recognized this law for what it is: an outright ban on a safe method of ending a pregnancy in its earliest stages and an unconstitutional attack on women's health and rights," the group's president, Nancy Northup, said in a statement.
The RU-486 "abortion pill" differs from the emergency contraception "morning-after pill" in that the former may be used, in tandem with another drug, to induce abortion up to seven weeks into a pregnancy.
In June the Supreme Court said it would review the case but first asked the state court to clarify what exactly the state law prohibited and whether it conflicted with U.S. Food and Drug Administration guidance.
By declining now to hear the case, the United States' highest court signaled that while it would not shy away from reviewing abortion regulations in some instances, it is not eager to revisit earlier disputed decisions on the right to abortion in general terms.
Republican Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, who defended the law, did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment.
A new Gallup poll has found that six in 10 Americans say that their trust in mass media ranges from “not very much” to “none at all.” Those surveyed were asked about the media reporting the news fully, accurately and fairly.
Just 33 percent said they had a “fair amount” of trust in mass media such as newspapers, TV and radio, and only 7 percent had a “great deal” of trust and confidence that the mass media reports the news, according to a Gallup poll released this week.
Ten years ago, Gallup found an even split of 50/50 among Americans regarding their trust and lack of trust of the media. According to their poll results, the last time the majority of Americans trusted their media was 1976.
“Americans' trust level in the media has drifted downward over the past decade…Some of the loss in trust may have been self-inflicted,” wrote Rebecca Riffkin, a Gallup analyst, in a statement.
“Major venerable news organizations have been caught making serious mistakes in the past several years, including the scandal involving former NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams in 2015 that some of his firsthand accounts of news events had been exaggerated or ‘misremembered.'”
Other mass media scandals that violated public trust include the inaccuracy of stories on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, such as those that Judith Miller wrote for The New York Times in the lead-up to Iraq war. Jayson Blair, also of the NY Times, plagiarized and fabricated facts in at least 36 articles, something that led to his firing and to the resignation of an editor and manager at the newspaper. There were also revelations in 2003 that the Bush administration paid columnists to promote its policies.
The new poll was conducted as a telephone survey over five days, from September 9 to 13, with over 1,000 adults from 50 US states and the District of Columbia.
Pollsters found that trust in the media was lowest among Americans aged 18 to 49 than among those 50 and older, a pattern first noticed in 2012. Prior to 2012, there was less distinction between age groups except in 2005 and 2008.
When poll results are examined along political lines, trust among Democrats has usually been higher over the past decade than among Republicans and independents. That remains the case in the new survey, with 55 percent of Democrats trusting mass media, while the Republicans polled registered 32 percent, an increase of 5 percent from 2014. The trust of independents, however, decreased from 38 percent to 33 percent.
Pollsters know that trust opinions typically dip during election years – including 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2014 – but the dip in a non-election year is unusual. Gallup's Riffkin said confidence in media has slowly eroded from a high of 55 percent in 1998 and 1999. Since 2007, the majority of Americans had little to no trust in the mass media.
UN is an ‘entirely corrupt body' – Pink Floyd's Roger Waters to RT http://t.co/g54My9cM7Zpic.twitter.com/thAcGEM9t6 — RT America (@RT_America) September 30, 2015
The decline follows the same trajectory as Americans' confidence in many US institutions, and their declining trust in the federal government's ability to handle domestic and international problems over the same time period.
Gallup released a poll in June 2015 that found that Americans' confidence in most major institutions had been down for many years, as the US dealt with prolonged wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, a major recession and sluggish economy, and a dysfunctional Congress.
Pollsters found only 28 percent of Americans were satisfied with the state of the nation, down from 40 percent in 2004. Broken down by institution, only 8 percent of Americans had trust in their Congress, 21 percent in television news, 23 percent in the criminal justice system and 32 percent in the US Supreme Court.
Where Americans had a great deal of trust was in small businesses (62 percent) and the military (72 percent).
The 2016 British Open was a thrilling tournament from a golf perspective, but it was also up there in terms of angry outbursts. We saw three all-timers during the tournament — from Rory McIlroy, Phil Mickelson and Thomas Pieters — which made us decide to compile those golf tantrums and more.
Disclaimer: The tantrums below are in no particular order, and some of these videos contain NSFW language.
1. Thomas Pieters snapping his club and throwing it in a bush
2. Phil Mickelson swearing at a photographer
3. Rory McIlroy breaking his 3-wood
4. Rory throwing his 3-iron in a lake
5. Hennie Otto throwing a goofy tantrum
6. Sergio Garcia throwing and kicking his own shoe
7. Sergio throwing his club into the water
8. Victor Dubuisson destroying his golf bag
9. Henrik Stenson all the time
10. Jessica Korda firing caddie mid-round
11. Woody Austin breaking putter on his head
12. Jason Dufner throwing his club in the water
13. Bubba Watson getting mad at Steve Elkington
14. Bubba Watson being mad at the wind
15. Bubba Watson being mad at a cell phone
16. Bubba Watson being mad at slow play
17. Bubba Watson being mad at an anthill
(we're just going to go ahead and call time on Bubba Watson's tantrums because otherwise we'll be here all day)
18. Keegan Bradley getting mad at Jimenez
19. John Daly throwing his club into Lake Michigan
20. John Daly hitting a million balls into the water at the Australia Open
Stop! Watch this. Elevated visceral outrage from Pitchfork including transcribed quotes, plus a clip of the entire House floor debate on TARP.
Video - Dean Baker speaking at the Institute for Policy Studies, just one day after the first TARP bill was voted down - September 30, 2008
---
By Dr. Pitchfork
It's common these days to hear people trying to explain their support for TARP by saying that we had to do something and that everyone else was just as panicked and scared as they were. But the bailout was never a fait accompli. It didn't have to happen -- certainly not the way it did. And not everyone was fooled by Bernanke and Paulson's fear-mongering. In fact, during the debate leading up to the passage of TARP, people like Bill Isaac and Dean Baker were there in Washington, in the halls of Congress, working their asses off behind the scenes to try to stop the bailout of Wall St. If you cheered the day that TARP was voted down, much of the thanks for that little glimmer of hope goes to Dean Baker.
Baker throws cold water on the notion that TARP is necessary to save the world from financial armageddon. This clip, by the way, is from September 30, 2008. In other words, this is NOT Monday-morning quarterbacking (listen up, Gresham Barrett). This is real-time opposition to the bailout, and it nearly worked. Obviously, Baker called this one correctly. It's too bad more people didn't listen.
Highlights (don't miss the last one):
"Is the bailout necessary? I would say to all the people who say it's necessary, I'd say, For what? And that usually shuts them up"
"Running around talking about the Great Depression is not serious. This is just silly scare tactics. And it reflects the contempt that these people have for the public."
"The public overwhelmingly is opposed to this bailout. The elite is almost unanimously in favor of it. The elite has absolute contempt for the public, [saying] their emotions got carried away with them, they thought this was a handout to Wall St. Well guess what, the public is exactly right. The elites don't know what they're talking about. They've let their emotions get carried away with them."
"They don't know what bad thing will happen if we don't do the bailout tomorrow or Thursday... What will happen? None of them can tell you. They all know it's supposed to be really, really bad. But none of them can tell you."
"The people who are selling us this, the people who are talking to us like we're little kids -- President Bush, Henry Paulson, Ben Bernanke -- they missed it. We're in this crisis because they missed it. It really takes some nerve for people who totally messed up their job to come out and talk to us like we're idiots."
"You could have taken this [bailout] and fixed it, so that it wasn't enriching the executives on Wall St., so that it wasn't enriching the shareholders. They didn't do that. It was a joke. The provisions put in there are the sorts of things you give to children. These were not serious provisions. The executive compensation caps, what I said about This is, any executive who couldn't get around those caps, should be fired."
"It's just an insult to the American people. Everything about this was an insult to the American people. There might be nothing bad that happens. We're in a recession. We're in a recession because we lost 4 to 5 trillion dollars in housing bubble wealth."
"From the standpoint of the public, and from that vantage point, the standpoint of the economy, we don't need the big banks. That's not our problem. We can keep the financial system operating -- that's what we care about. The fact that banks go under, that's bad news for the bank executives. Who get paid tens of millions of dollars, by the way."
"What's going on here is [the Wall St. banks] have a gun pointed at their head and they're trying to tell us that if we don't give them $700B, they're going to pull the trigger. And I'm willing to live with that."
---
Tweet Email to a friend...
---
To contrast with Dean Baker's three minutes of common sense, below is the full TARP debate. (Those with heart conditions should watch at their own risk.)
SAINT-LAZARE-DE-BELLECHASSE, Que. — Prime Minister Stephen Harper urged Quebec on Tuesday to resist isolating itself from the rest of the country.
In a speech marking Quebec's annual holiday known as Fete nationale, Mr. Harper also asked Quebecers to consider voting for his party in October 2015.
“Never let anyone tell you, ‘Quebec should isolate itself, never participate in major national and international issues,”‘ he said in a speech at a community centre in Saint-Lazare-de-Bellechasse, outside Quebec City.
“Quebec played a role in the creation of Canada, in its growth and development, and in the common sacrifices that mark its history.”
The remarks were a rare attempt by the prime minister to make inroads in the province.
He insisted the voice of Quebecers remains strong in Ottawa, even if the Conservatives have a limited presence in the province. The party won just five of Quebec's 75 federal seats in the last election.
In his speech, Mr. Harper reminded the crowd of earlier efforts to reach out.
He said Conservatives adopted a motion in the House of Commons recognizing Quebecers form a nation within a united Canada and gave the province a seat in Canada's UNESCO delegation.
Mr. Harper made the comments before about 500 people in the riding of Conservative MP Steven Blaney, on the first day of a two-day visit to Quebec.
On Wednesday, he is set to make an announcement alongside Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard in his home riding of Roberval, in the province's Lac-Saint-Jean region.
Mr. Couillard, a staunch federalist, won a majority in the April 7 election, beating out Pauline Marois' Parti Quebecois.
Never let anyone tell you, ‘Quebec should isolate itself'
Conservative MP Denis Lebel said the result was significant.
“It's clear that the last election has changed the situation,” said Lebel, the federal infrastructure minister.
“We had a former government (the PQ) who wanted to take Quebec out of Canada. For us, that's not the direction we want to go.”
Harper didn't always have smooth relations with former Liberal Premier Jean Charter, either, but the Conservatives appear to be looking for a fresh start.
Lebel, who will also be at Wednesday's announcement, said the Conservative government is committed to getting things done with Couillard's Liberals.
“Today, we have a federalist government for the next four-and-a-half years, and I hope that we can do great things together and I think in the coming hours we will show our ability to work together,” he said.
The Canadian Press
One of the file management problems all Mac and Windows users run into from time to time is the need to compare files or folders, one against another, to see the differences.
Sometimes figuring out which is which or how they differ is easy. File size, combined with modification or creation date usually does the job. Unless you have a folder full of files that need to be checked and compared and then a simple task becomes tedium personified.
The right app can save not just minutes but hours from tedious tasks. VisualDiffer is one such tool. All it does is compare files and folders, side-by-side, so you can see differences. That makes it easier to determine which files to keep, and which to discard or archive (a major component of file management). This cleverly designed utility is perfect for any developer, programmer, or document manager to compare folders of files, and so so quickly and efficiently.
Even the name VisualDiffer implies that the app makes it easy to see the differences between various files, and it does exactly that in a side-by-side comparison. Not only can you see differences between files, VisualDiffer color codes files for easier identification. Even better, you control which techniques are used to do the comparisons– dates, sizes, all the way to byte-by-byte comparisons.
Since Unix makes up a chunk of OS X's core, that means your Mac comes with what is known as the unix diff command to compare files at a very granular level. Not every Mac user needs this much file comparison power, but for those who do, it saves an incredible amount of time; often reducing what used to take hours to minutes, and minutes to seconds.
Apple's hotly anticipated iPhone X release is now just three weeks away, with the phone set to hit store shelves on November 3rd after a week of preorders that open on October 27th. We've seen countless reports that suggest tens of millions of Apple fans too a pass on the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus, waiting instead to get their hands on the first redesigned iPhone the world has seen since all the way back in 2014.
Now that the iPhone X has been announced, Apple has apparently given its employees around the world the go-ahead to use them in public. We've also seen dozens of photos of the iPhone X in the wild, since eager Apple fans have been snapping pics whenever they see one. These photos are generally pretty boring, but the latest one to hit the web actually draws attention to an issue that is going to annoy iPhone X users for quite some time following the phone's release.
No, we're not talking about the ears on either side of the “notch” at the top of the iPhone X's display, though those are indeed quite annoying as well. The iPhone X's ears are a permanent fixture — they might be ugly to some, but they're not going anywhere anytime soon. In fact, Apple is insisting that app developers embrace the notch in many cases, rather than trying to hide it with creative interface tricks.
In this case, we're talking about the new aspect ratio of the iPhone X's 5.8-inch display. Let's take a look at the photo in question, which was posted on Reddit last night.
Here we see a presumed Apple employee playing Pokémon Go on his iPhone X. No, it's not specifically Pokémon Go that we're concerned with. Click on the photo to open it in a new tab at its full size, and then zoom in on the phone. Now look at the top of the phone.
See where the app UI ends? See how it's nowhere near the top of the screen? Yeah, that's a problem.
Because Apple's new iPhone X features a much narrower aspect ratio than the rest of the iPhone lineup, apps aren't going to take up the full screen unless they're reworked a bit by developers. Instead, they'll shrink down to fit on the iPhone X's display at their proper aspect ratio.
Despite the fact that the X's screen is larger diagonally than any other iPhone, it's quite narrow compared to other iPhones. As a result, apps that aren't updated are going to be pretty tiny compared to how they appear on other iPhones. It's not the end of the world and for most apps it should only be temporary until developers push out updates, but it's something to be aware of so you're not unpleasantly surprised next month.
Fountain pens seem hopelessly geeky to the uninitiated. Why bother with an expensive, finicky pen when most of us do all of our writing on keyboards and touchscreens anyway? And what's wrong with a ballpoint? But there are significant advantages to using one, other than it looking beautiful on your desk. Writing longhand is not only more pleasant, since you don't have to exert as much pressure on the page, but also more thoughtful. Because you're using a lighter grip, it's easier to add your own unique touch to your script. Fountain pens are also more environmentally friendly -- the same pen can be used for a lifetime instead of joining the other cheap ballpoints in the trash year after year. How We Tested We chose six popular pens from some of the top manufacturers, ranging in price from $3 to $175. All of the tested pens have medium nibs, unless otherwise noted. We chose mostly medium nibs for a couple reasons. First, it's the most common option, and it's available on nearly all fountain pens. Second, script written with a medium nib is more consistent across different pens. It closely resembles the type of line you would get from a rollerball or gel pen, which most people are familiar with even if they've never used a fountain pen before. Each pen was tested with the manufacturer's ink cartridges on different papers of varying thickness.
Aurora Style Classic Some might consider this pen Aurora's "cheap" fountain pen, as you won't find many Aurora pens for less than $100 outside of the Style collection. But the Classic ($95) was by far my favorite of all the pens I looked at -- both in design and functionality. The design is simple and elegant. While other pens in this price range tend to be heavy, the Classic is light without feeling cheap. And, unlike other pens from Aurora, which can be downright garish, the finish is clean and not overly stylized. It consists of a brushed chrome cap over a black lacquer barrel with chrome accents (chrome and gunmetal-barreled varieties are also available). It has a slightly tapered barrel for an easy grip, and an oblique cap. And it writes even better than it looks. Writing is smooth and fluid, and though the pen writes "wet," it doesn't feather or bleed, even on cheap thin paper. The medium nib was always consistent and, unlike other pens I tried, skipping and leaking were never an issue. This pen is nearly flawless. My only nitpick is that the highly polished finish seems like it would scratch easily if stored outside of its leather case. WIRED Writes like butter. Elegant minimalist styling. Nice grip. TIRED Easily scratched finish may deter some from everyday use. Rating: 9 out of 10
Parker Urban Metallic Chiseled Priced at $75, the Parker Urban is an excellent mid-range fountain pen. It's so good, in fact, you might think it's more expensive than it is. The first thing you notice is how heavy it is. This is due to the lacquer-over-brass cap, which contributes to most of the pen's substantial weight. But the weight is balanced well enough that it didn't fatigue my hand or get in the way of my writing. The barrel tapers in the center for a more ergonomic grip and has a chiseled pattern on its lower section. But despite the chrome finish and etched pattern, the pen feels durable enough to withstand minor bumps and drops without damage. Writing is clean and smooth. The medium nib, which is unfortunately the only size nib available for this pen, is stainless steel and never leaked or bled through the page. The nib is on the stiff side, but I found that made it more precise and consistent overall. WIRED Premium looks with rugged construction. So smooth, you may forget you're using a fountain pen. TIRED Heavy for some hands. Only available in medium nib. Rating: 8 out of 10
Pilot Vanishing Point (Black Matte) Something different here -- this $175 pen has a retractable nib. It's a design you don't often see in fountain pens, and one Pilot pioneered with its Vanishing Point series. The nib extends and retracts when you click a button with your thumb, just like a retractable ballpoint pen. Once retracted, a small door closes over the nib to keep it from drying out. The black matte finish is extremely durable and won't scratch easily, if at all. The barrel is also unusual in that the pen clip sits on the same end as the nib. While this placement works for many people, I found it a bit awkward as it interfered with my grip and caused the pen to rotate in my hand too much while I wrote. As with many Japanese pens, the medium nib was closer to a fine nib on American and European pens. (Though branded as a Pilot, the pen is actually manufactured by Pilot's parent company, Tokyo-based Namiki.) The 14-karat gold nib has a surprising amount of spring in it, which should make it very responsive when writing. Unfortunately, the pen was far from responsive. The nib was inconsistent at best -- it skipped so much, I found it nearly impossible to get through a word. It was also very squeaky, leaky, and bled through the page more than any other pen I tried. The skipping did seem to abate after a couple hours of use, but it never completely went away. Also, the ink flow was erratic, varying from very wet to very dry every few lines. I know this pen has a lot of fans, and on the few short occasions when the ink was consistently flowing, I could see why. But I simply couldn't overlook the poor ergonomics and inconsistent performance, particularly at the $175 price. WIRED Clever capless design. Black matte finish can take a lot of abuse. Gold nib is pleasantly springy. TIRED Nib leaks, squeaks, and skips. Couldn't get a consistent line to save my life. Rating: 4 out of 10
Lamy Safari (Fine Nib) When it comes to lower-end fountain pens, it seems you have to choose between good ergonomic design and nib quality. You rarely get both. But with the $37 Safari, Lamy has struck a balance. While the plastic barrel and utilitarian clip will leave a lot to be desired for those used to more premium finishes, the pen doesn't feel cheap. The Safari is designed to be a workhorse. The faceted barrel has a small window cut into the side so you can easily see the pen's ink level. The wide pen clip, though ugly, is secure. The fine nib wrote with minimal feathering and no bleeding, though I found the nib a tad scratchy overall. But this could be because it writes more dryly, which I actually liked -- if you're going to be using a pen every day, you want one that dries quickly and doesn't bleed. And the nib was responsive overall, with just enough flex to make writing quickly smooth and clean. If you're looking for a simple pen you can use every day without breaking the bank, the Safari is an excellent option. It's consistent, smooth, and portable. It's just not the prettiest pen out there. WIRED Super portable. Comes in a variety of colors. Writes smoothly and consistently. TIRED Too utilitarian for some. You can only use Lamy's proprietary ink cartridges, which cost $5 or $6 each, unless you buy a $5 cartridge converter that lets you use bottle ink. Rating: 7 out of 10
Pilot Varsity The idea of a disposable fountain pen may be abhorrent to purists, but there are definite advantages to having a cheap throwaway version(s) of the normally pricey pens. The cheap plastic bodies can not only take more abuse than the typical pen, but they require no special maintenance or fussing with refills or converters. And, for a cheap disposable, Pilot's Varsity line is pretty good. They cost $3.45 each, and you can get a pack of seven in different colors for $23.45. The body may be chintzy plastic, but that's because Pilot has wisely focused all of its efforts on the nib, which is excellent for a disposable. It writes smoothly, though the line is a little thick compared to other medium nibs (unfortunately, the Varsity is only available in a medium nib). It does write a little on the wet side though, and it will bleed through if you write with a heavy hand. The Varsity is undoubtedly an "entry level" fountain pen, and is priced like one. It's not the best pen by any means, but it's a decent compromise if you want the fountain pen experience without shelling out the cash usually required. WIRED Excellent nib for the price. Fun color choices. Most low-maintenance fountain pen you can buy. A great starter pen. TIRED Expect bleeding. Nib can be scratchy. Disposables aren't very eco-friendly. Ink choices are limited. Rating: 6 out of 10
Caruso had something to be proud of. St. Thomas (14-0), which faces the 10-time national champion Mount Union (14-0) for the title Friday night in Salem, Va., is the first team other than Mount Union and Wisconsin-Whitewater to reach the Stagg Bowl since 2004.
In five seasons, Caruso, known as an offensive tactician, transformed a well-supported yet underachieving program into a force. St. Thomas has not lost a regular-season game since October 2009, and Caruso's 57-7 record puts him atop the career victory list at a university that fielded its first team in 1903.
Photo
“I honestly think people have been afraid of this for a while,” said Steve Johnson, the longtime coach at Bethel, a rival of St. Thomas in the Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. “I think an awful lot of it is Glenn and the guys he's brought in. They've worked really hard together, and they've become something they never have been before.”
Calling any athletic team a family can sound trite. But in Caruso's case, it reflects his upbringing in Greenwich, Conn. Caruso often quotes his father, Frank, a lawyer who moved his practice into the family home after his wife died when Glenn, the third oldest of their seven children, was 8.
Frank Caruso, also known as Bucky, demanded excellence from everyone around him, especially his children. Glenn Caruso discovered that at age 10, when his father coached his youth football team.
“Holy buckets, he was rough on me,” Caruso said. “He went overboard, to the point he wanted me to understand that he not only held me to the standards of being a player on his team, but also the Caruso standards, which were a grade higher.”
As a center, Caruso played on two state championship teams at Greenwich High, then reached the N.C.A.A. Division III playoffs twice in four seasons at Ithaca College. Ithaca is where Caruso discovered a knack for play-calling while battling his roommates in the video game Bill Walsh College Football '95. With his father's blessing, he scrapped plans for law school .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Directing high-scoring offenses as a coordinator at Division III Wisconsin-Eau Claire and Division II South Dakota led Caruso to his first head coaching job, at Macalester College in St. Paul. Caruso took a winless team with 24 players and went 2-7 and 4-5 in the next two seasons before leaving for St. Thomas in 2008.
St. Thomas hired a national search firm to look for a coach, but Caruso's passion and meticulous planning won over the search committee.
“The thing that impresses you is, his interview stuff was just like the way he coaches,” Athletic Director Steve Fritz said. “He's full of zest, and very, very detailed.
Photo
“He came in with a great plan. He had a recruiting plan that showed how they were going to do that, and every other part of it. It was something that was well thought through. He did a great job of selling us.”
Travis Walch, a Macalester assistant whom Caruso brought along to coach special teams and wide receivers, said conference coaches long considered St. Thomas a program with potential. St. Thomas had some fine seasons but could never wrest conference dominance from its archrival, St. John's, and Coach John Gagliardi, who recently retired with an N.C.A.A.-record 489 victories. When Caruso arrived, the Tommies were 2-8 and had not won an outright M.I.A.C. title since 1983.
Quickly, Caruso put his mark on the program. Caruso rarely wears a hat, gloves or a heavy coat even on the coldest game days, and almost all of his players follow his lead by choosing short sleeves. When Caruso discovered the university lacked a victory song, he and his wife, Rachael, wrote one. The team sings it on the field after every home game.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“He's a psychologist,” Walch said. “He's a general of the army. He's an organizational freak. And he's so good in so many areas, the full spectrum of what he does.”
After a 7-3 first season, the Tommies improved to 11-2 in 2009 and reached the Division III quarterfinals. The first of three consecutive conference championships and automatic N.C.A.A. bids followed in 2010.
Players, staff and students gravitate to Caruso's inspirational messages. A popular one involves three unrelated things that scare him: cancer, which claimed his father; alligators; and entitlement. Each, he said, can drag someone down to a place where they cannot recover. “Entitlement makes me violently ill,” he said. “I can't stand it. I won't tolerate it.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
His players love every word.
“When I was in high school, I was one of these scholarship chasers,” the senior defensive lineman Ayo Idowu said. “I wanted to go play at a bigger program, do whatever. I never gave St. Thomas much thought.
“Once I talked to Caruso, I knew there was something about this guy. He wasn't coming off a good record. He wasn't coming off a good anything. He had really nothing to speak for. But there was something about him. Every time Caruso talks, it makes you think.”
But never embarrassed.
This continues our series of weekly roundups of the Fall/Winter Leagues. Coverage will continue every Monday into January. For the full list of Red Sox prospects participating in these leagues, check out our Fall & Winter Leagues page , which will be updated continuously through January. This week's roundup covers the period from December 11 - December 17.
Dominican Baseball League
Roenis Elias was roughed up in his only start, allowing four runs on seven hits over 4 1/3 innings, with a three-run home run accounting for most of the damage.
It was a light week for the offense, with Aneury Tavarez going 0 for 4 with two strikeouts, and Chris Madera going 0 for 1 in his only plate appearance.
Venezuelan Professional Baseball League
The week did not start out well for Josh Smith, who allowed a home run to the only batter he faced on Tuesday. He came back on Friday and allowed two hits to the three batters he faced, but neither came around to score. Deiner Lopez went 2 for 7 over three games, with three strikeouts while also grounding into a double play, and Juan Hernandez went 0 for 2 but did score a run.
Mexican Pacific League
With Bryce Brentz and Chandler Shepherd back in the States, it looked like the action was over for the Red Sox prospects in Mexico, but Hector Velazquez (pictured, above) debuted last week, tossing two innings of one-run ball while striking out one. Velazquez was signed out of the Mexican League in February of this year.
Additionally, the Red Sox signed Esteban Quiroz as an international free agent back in November and he has been playing in the MPL, but listed as Jesus Quiroz. He last played on December 9, and is batting .277/.408/.355.
Venezuelan Developmental Program
The season came to an end for Boston on Monday after losing in the one-game semifinal to eventual champion La Guaira. Oddanier Mosqueda was hit hard, allowing four runs in only two innings, and Ritzi Mendoza came on in relief and allowed four runs in one inning. Ricardo Cubillan led the offense going 4 for 5 with a home run, and Isaias Lucena went 4 for 6 and drove in two runs.
Colombian Professional Baseball League
Jose Sermo, who went 1 for 8 with three strikeouts, but his one hit was a home run, his fourth of the season.
Central American Games
Courtesy of Roniel Raudes pitched for his native Nicaragua in the Central American Games. He pitched twice in relief, both three-inning, scoreless stints, striking out 11. Nicaragua beat Panama for the tournament title on Monday, with Raudes picking up the save in the clincher. It was a rough week for, who went 1 for 8 with three strikeouts, but his one hit was a home run, his fourth of the season.Courtesy of Extra Innings UK on Twitter , we learned thatpitched for his native Nicaragua in the Central American Games. He pitched twice in relief, both three-inning, scoreless stints, striking out 11. Nicaragua beat Panama for the tournament title on Monday, with Raudes picking up the save in the clincher.
Photo Credit: Hector Velazquez by Kelly O'Connor
The filing might also add fuel to the anti-China sentiments that are running high in some Washington corridors and have started to seep into the presidential campaign.
Chinese commerce officials had no immediate comment about Wednesday's solar panel filing, but have vehemently opposed such trade cases. A Chinese solar company manager, speaking on condition of anonymity, said in a telephone interview that in any trade case filed by the American industry, “We would be well prepared and are confident we could defend it.”
Photo
In August, Solyndra and two other American solar energy companies filed for bankruptcy protection, citing the plunging prices of solar technology from China. Many of the surviving companies, meanwhile, have been laying off workers and closing factories, or setting up shop in China.
Two Democratic senators on Wednesday joined the news conference in Washington announcing the trade case, which is being led by an Oregon solar panel maker, SolarWorld Industries America.
“American solar operations should be rapidly expanding to keep pace with the skyrocketing demand for these products,” said Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon. “But that is not what has been happening,” Mr. Wyden said. “There seems to be one primary explanation for this; that is, that China is cheating.”
He was joined by his Oregon colleague Senator Jeff Merkley , also a Democrat, who said China was engaging in “rogue practices.”
Whatever the partisan positioning, though, the trade case will procedurally begin above the political fray. It will follow a quasi-judicial path at the Commerce Department and a related American agency, the International Trade Commission , that is intended to operate without partisan influence.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Other recent industry cases against China that have followed this process include one filed in late March, involving galvanized steel wire. The most recently completed case against China, in late May, resulted in tariffs of about 33 percent levied against certain types of imported aluminum products.
The White House on Wednesday declined to comment on the solar trade filing. But President Obama recently appeared to support the American solar industry's concerns. In a White House news conference on Oct. 6 he said: “Even if the technology was developed in the United States, they end up going to China because the Chinese government will say, ‘We're going to help you get started, we'll help you scale up, we'll give you low-interest loans or no-interest loans, we will give siting, we will do whatever it takes for you to get started here.' ”
Photo
United States policy toward China provoked a recent back-and-forth between Mr. Obama's staff and Mitt Romney , whom many Democrats expect to be the Republican presidential nominee. Mr. Romney, talking tough in a Republican debate last week, said the United States had been “run over by China” for 20 years and “you have to have a president that will take action.”
In response, Mr. Obama's senior campaign strategist, David Axelrod , countered that Mr. Romney was once again flip-flopping, having criticized Mr. Obama in the past as protectionist for mounting a trade case against China on behalf of American tire producers.
Wednesday's filing could prove too late to save the American solar panel industry. China already accounts for three-fifths of the world's solar panel production, giving it enormous economies of scale.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
China exports 95 percent of its production, much of it to the United States, which has helped push wholesale solar panel prices down from $3.30 a watt of capacity in 2008 to $1.80 by last January and now to $1.20. A typical solar panel might have a capacity of 230 watts.
The trade case seeks tariffs “well in excess of 100 percent” on the wholesale price of Chinese solar panels on arrival at American docks, as punishment for dumping goods. Including installation, the American solar power market is worth about $6 billion a year. So far, though, solar power generates only about one-tenth of 1 percent of the United States' electricity because it is still more expensive than fossil fuels. Any price increase in the technology — particularly an effective doubling of the price of Chinese imports through tariffs — is not likely to improve that ratio.
SolarWorld Industries America, the largest maker of conventional solar panels in the United States, made the decision in late spring to assemble a coalition for a case against China, even before Solyndra's difficulties became widely known, according to Gordon Brinser, SolarWorld's president.
Significantly, the other six companies that joined the case have withheld their names, as they are entitled to do under Commerce Department rules. Many companies fear that the Chinese government is ready to retaliate against any business that challenges its policies.
Photo
SolarWorld Industries America, based in Hillsboro, Ore., is a subsidiary of SolarWorld, a German company. The American subsidiaries of foreign companies are allowed to file antidumping and antisubsidy cases if they produce goods in the United States. Solyndra is not taking part because it does not manufacture the traditional kind of panels, so-called blue solar panels, covered by the case.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“This had nothing to do with any input from either side of the aisle” in Congress, nor was it influenced by the Obama administration, Mr. Brinser added. SolarWorld might have acted sooner, he said, except that the Obama administration announced a year ago that it would investigate whether China's clean energy policies violated international trade rules. But so far the administration has taken no action on solar power beyond alerting the World Trade Organization to Chinese subsidies.
SolarWorld said it was representing a newly formed trade association, the Coalition for American Solar Manufacturing. An existing trade group, Solar Energy Industries Association, is deeply split over trade actions against China, because it includes American subsidiaries of Chinese solar manufacturers and American companies that sell raw materials and factory equipment to Chinese makers of solar panels.
One of those American units, Suntech Power, which is owned by Suntech, a leading Chinese company in the field, said on Wednesday that it opposed the trade filing. That could be a big blow to the company, if successful. Suntech ships solar cells from China to the United States. where they are bolted together in Arizona for final delivery.
“The U.S. is a major contributor to the fast-growing global solar industry,” said Andrew Beebe, Suntech's chief commercial officer. “Protectionism would not only put thousands of jobs at risk, but it would inhibit solar technology's ability to compete against traditional forms of electricity generation,” he said.
The trade case contends that China has helped its solar panel industry by providing the equivalent of billions of dollars in subsidies in the form of deeply discounted loans, land, electricity, water and raw materials, as well as cash grants and tax breaks.
Many American companies also receive subsidies from federal, state and local programs — as in the instance of Solyndra's $528 million in federal loan guarantees. And Mr. Brinser said that SolarWorld was in the process of obtaining $4 million in research assistance from the federal government. An Energy Department report in July said that federal subsidies for solar power totaled $1.134 billion in the 2010 fiscal year, up from $179 million in 2009.
But because few American companies export 95 percent of their production, they are less likely to run afoul of trade rules against export subsidies.
Dunford: Chiefs of Defense Counter-ISIS Meeting ‘Historic'
Marine Corps Gen. Joe Dunford said the meeting here of more than 70 chiefs of defense at the Counter-Violent Extremist Organization Conference was a historic occasion.
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff hosted the meeting so the chiefs could chart the progress in the struggle against violent extremists and look at ways to improve the strategies in the long war against the terrorists.
Dunford; Brett McGurk, the president's special envoy for the global coalition to defeat ISIS; and Australian Army Col. David Kelly, an exchange officer on assignment to the Joint Staff, spoke to the press following the conference.
During the meeting, the senior leaders from every part of the globe looked at the threats posed by extremist groups and examined strategies and tactics to combat them, the chairman said. The chiefs concluded “that we are dealing with a transregional threat and it is going to require more effective collective action by nations that are affected,” Dunford said.
Wide-Ranging Threat
He noted that in Iraq and Syria the coalition saw more than 40,000 foreign fighters from 120 different countries. The chairman added that figure describes the range of the threat in a nutshell.
The chiefs spoke mostly about the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Dunford said, because they regard ISIS as the most virulent example of violent extremism in the world today. Still, he added, they envision the military network that has been built to combat ISIS will also deal with other transregional extremist threats as they arise.
The key takeaway from the conference is that “the most effective action against these groups is local action, but local action has to be informed by the nature of the trans-regional aspect and so cooperation globally is important,” the chairman said. But, he noted, global actions must be informed by local actions.
Connections
Violent extremists are connected by three things that Dunford calls the “connective tissue” of terrorism: foreign fighters, finances and the narrative. Cutting the connectivity between these groups is key to defeating them, the general said. Doing this will enable local forces to deal with the challenges posed by these groups, he said.
One example is the five-month battle for Marawi in the Philippines, which the chiefs were briefed about yesterday, Dunford said. About 30 foreign fighters returned to the Mindanao region after fighting with ISIS and persuaded local extremist groups to pledge to ISIS and launch attacks in the city. “Small numbers of ISIS leaders are attempting to leverage local insurgencies,” the chairman said. | Violent Extremism Poses Transregional Threat, Dunford Says
The coalition is seeing something similar in Africa, he said, where a number of local insurgencies rebranded themselves and pledged allegiance to ISIS.
The chiefs discussed the movement of these individuals and the need for intelligence- and information-sharing within the coalition to stop them, Dunford said.
Global Effort, Global Approach
McGurk helps coordinate the whole-of-government approach to the campaign against violent extremism. He said the chiefs spoke a great deal during the meeting about all the efforts against ISIS, including the stabilization and humanitarian programs that are included in every military campaign. He also said foreign fighters trying to get into or out of Iraq and Syria has come to a near halt. “We believe we've cut their revenue down to the lowest level ever,” he said.
“Most interestingly today, we did a little walk around the globe, because it is not just about Iraq and Syria,” McGurk said. “We had very detailed presentations of operations against ISIS in Marawi, in the Sahel, we talked about how we are tracking foreign fighters around the world … and we had a very good presentation from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia about the leading efforts that they have taken on to counter the narrative and leading the counter-messaging campaign in that part of the world.”
The chairman said the campaign against ISIS is at an “inflection point” and that all the chiefs discussed what's next. “One of the points that was made several times today is the need for the coalition to stay focused on Iraq and Syria for an enduring period of time,” Dunford said. | McGurk Outlines Defeat-ISIS Progress
Counter-Messaging
Defeating the narrative of the terror groups is one of the toughest nuts to crack, he said, but progress is being made. “I'm not complacent, but I am encouraged by how the success on the ground in translated into undermining the credibility of the narrative,” the chairman said. “There have been some studies of young people who are radicalized and those numbers seem to go down. There are certainly indicators that fewer young people are being radicalized, and that's as a result of us being able to demonstrate what ISIS is. They can only behead so many people and treat people they way they did in Mosul and Raqqa before those stories came out.”
The Saudi counter-ISIS messaging effort now has 41 nations involved. “Clearly, credible Islamic voices are going to be the ones that matter most in countering the narrative of ISIS, and countering it and discrediting it for what it is,” he said.
With 75 nations and entities such as NATO and the African Union Mission in Somalia, there are some who think the coalition is too big, Kelly said. But the coalition thrives on the diversity of views the coalition offers, he noted.
“What I bring to the Joint Staff, I feel, is a diversity of perspective,” the colonel said. “It's that diversity of perspective that we are looking for in our planning. Can [the coalition] become too big? I don't think so. I think the price of admission is wanting to be a part of solving the problem.”
The coalition is not a formal alliance, nor does any nation want it to be one, Dunford said. It all comes down to helping local and regional forces handle their security problems, and sharing information and intelligence to sever the connective tissue and defeat the narrative. “The bigger the coalition is, the better,” the chairman said.
The PR220 series are compact folding arm awnings designed for use in domestic and commercial applications. Featuring an aluminum extruded hood to enclose the protective fabric, the PR220 effectively combines contemporary design, ease of use and protection in one affordable and versatile package.
Perfect for use on a porch or near a swimming pool the PR220 is the ultimate in ease of use. Apart from the usual crank and gearbox manual control, it is available with an optional remote control, powered by a superior tubular motor tested for thousands of uses. Also available is a wind-sun sensor, which automatically extends or retracts the awning depending on the sunlight and wind speed. Once installed, you don't have to worry about control at all!
The aluminum extruded hood protects the fabric from the elements while retracted to ensure long life, and is still extremely compact and low profile, so it blends in with the building façade perfectly. Once extended, the spring assembly creates maximum tension for the fabric, so there's no flapping. All mechanisms and materials are extensively treated so that you have complete peace of mind, and we also provide a 5 year guarantee.
With a wide angle range, operation options, durable materials, effective protection and customizable fabric, the PR220 can be installed in a variety of establishments and homes. It's been engineered, tested and manufactured for years of usage with minimal maintenance. Every single hinge and mechanism has also been extensively tested so that even the harshest environmental conditions do not degrade them. Rest assured, the PR220 will not let you down!
They're back. Over 130,000 die-hard memebers of fandom descended on San Diego's convention center recently for one of the biggest pop-culture gatherings in the world. But Comic-Con International: San Diego wasn't always a big draw: in fact, when it was founded in 1970, its first iteration took place in a basement with just 145 attendees.
The March 21, 1970 event was known as the San Diego Golden State Comic Mini-Con. Held in the basement of the U.S. Grant Hotel, it was designed to draw attention to another August convention. In attendance were fans and booksellers like Ken Krueger, who went on to act as the first chairman for what later became Comic-Con International.
The Los Angeles Times' Tracy Brown, David Lewis, Jevon Phillips and Meredit Woerner estimate that San Diego's second con, which took place between August 1 and 3, 1970, only attracted 300. Still, the event was much more significant than its predecessor, attracting comic book lights like Jack Kirby, one of the creators of characters like Captain America, the Incredible Hulk, the X-Men and the Fantastic Four.
But the days of San Diego's close-knit conventions were numbered. Over the years, the con has expanded to include not just readers of superhero comics, but fans of television, film and other pop culture. In the meantime, it has developed a reputation as one of the hottest tickets in town: according to ComicBook.com's Russ Burlingame, over 130,000 tickets to this year's convention sold out in just 55 minutes. Not too bad for a tiny fan gathering gone bigtime.
Canada's crime rate: Two decades of decline
View the most recent version.
Archived Content Information identified as archived is provided for reference, research or recordkeeping purposes. It is not subject to the Government of Canada Web Standards and has not been altered or updated since it was archived. Please "contact us" to request a format other than those available.
Crime.
It's reported in the news every day. Sometimes, it's the leading story.
We read about it, talk about it, and wonder how the news stories relate to the overall picture.
And the numbers tell us that the overall police-reported crime rate in Canada has been falling for more than 20 years.
Since 1962, Statistics Canada has collected information on all criminal incidents substantiated and reported by Canadian police services, as well as on victims' experiences.
In Canada, there are two complementary ways to measure police-reported crime: the traditional crime rate and the Crime Severity Index. While both measures take into account the volume of police-reported crime, the Crime Severity Index also accounts for the seriousness of the crime.
Since crime was first measured uniformly across the country, fluctuations have been noticed in the crime rate from year-to-year, but a major trend has been observed. From 1962 to 1991, the crime rate increased steadily, and then started to decline. This trend is most notable for property crime, but it is also the case for violent crime and other Criminal Code offences.
In 2013, the police-reported crime rate was at its lowest point since 1969 Description for Chart 1 Police-reported crime rate, Canada, 1962 to 2013 Year Violent crimes Property crimes Other crimes Total rate per 100,000 population 1962 221 1,891 659 2,771 1963 249 2,047 726 3,022 1964 284 2,146 815 3,245 1965 299 2,091 809 3,199 1966 347 2,258 907 3,511 1967 381 2,484 985 3,850 1968 423 2,826 1,087 4,336 1969 453 3,120 1,164 4,737 1970 481 3,515 1,217 5,212 1971 492 3,649 1,170 5,311 1972 497 3,634 1,224 5,355 1973 524 3,704 1,546 5,773 1974 553 4,151 1,684 6,388 1975 585 4,498 1,769 6,852 1976 584 4,533 1,867 6,984 1977 572 4,466 1,933 6,971 1978 580 4,579 1,995 7,154 1979 610 4,903 2,153 7,666 1980 636 5,444 2,263 8,343 1981 654 5,759 2,322 8,736 1982 671 5,840 2,262 8,773 1983 679 5,608 2,182 8,470 1984 701 5,501 2,185 8,387 1985 735 5,451 2,227 8,413 1986 785 5,550 2,392 8,727 1987 829 5,553 2,575 8,957 1988 868 5,439 2,613 8,919 1989 911 5,289 2,692 8,892 1990 973 5,612 2,900 9,485 1991 1,059 6,160 3,122 10,342 1992 1,084 5,904 3,052 10,040 1993 1,082 5,575 2,881 9,538 1994 1,047 5,257 2,821 9,125 1995 1,009 5,292 2,707 9,008 1996 1,002 5,274 2,656 8,932 1997 993 4,880 2,603 8,475 1998 995 4,569 2,529 8,093 1999 971 4,276 2,449 7,695 2000 996 4,081 2,534 7,610 2001 995 4,004 2,593 7,592 2002 980 3,976 2,560 7,516 2003 978 4,125 2,670 7,773 2004 957 3,976 2,668 7,601 2005 962 3,744 2,620 7,326 2006 968 3,605 2,673 7,246 2007 952 3,335 2,621 6,908 2008 938 3,096 2,598 6,632 2009 926 3,005 2,531 6,462 2010 907 2,802 2,451 6,160 2011 869 2,586 2,324 5,780 2012 841 2,521 2,269 5,632 2013 766 2,342 2,082 5,191 In 2013, the police-reported crime rate was at its lowest point since 1969. Experts have not reached a consensus on why crime has been declining since the 1990s, but several factors have been cited as possible explanations. These factors include an aging population, changing policing practices and strategies, the rise of technology, shifts in unemployment, variations in alcohol consumption, neighbourhood characteristics, or changing attitudes towards illegal and risky behaviour. Despite the inability to identify a single factor which explains the crime rate decline in Canada, similar downward trends in crime rates have also been observed in other countries.
Homicide rate also following downward trend Description for Chart 2 Homicides and attempted murders, Canada, 1962 to 2013
Table summary
The table depicts homicides and attempted murders in Canada by population as column headers, and the years from 1962 to 2013 as row headers. Year Homicide Attempted murder Population 1962 1.43 0.5 18,583,057 1963 1.32 0.6 18,930,418 1964 1.31 0.6 19,290,468 1965 1.41 0.6 19,644,460 1966 1.25 0.7 20,014,880 1967 1.66 0.7 20,378,022 1968 1.81 0.9 20,701,107 1969 1.86 1.0 21,001,013 1970 2.19 1.2 21,297,099 1971 2.15 1.5 21,961,999 1972 2.34 1.9 22,218,475 1973 2.43 2.1 22,491,757 1974 2.63 2.3 22,807,918 1975 3.03 2.8 23,143,192 1976 2.85 3.0 23,449,791 1977 3.00 2.9 23,725,921 1978 2.76 3.1 23,963,370 1979 2.61 3.1 24,201,801 1980 2.41 3.2 24,516,071 1981 2.61 3.6 24,820,393 1982 2.66 3.8 25,117,442 1983 2.69 3.5 25,366,969 1984 2.60 3.6 25,607,651 1985 2.72 3.3 25,842,736 1986 2.18 3.4 26,101,155 1987 2.43 3.5 26,448,855 1988 2.15 3.1 26,795,383 1989 2.41 3.0 27,281,795 1990 2.38 3.3 27,697,530 1991 2.69 3.7 28,031,394 1992 2.58 3.7 28,366,737 1993 2.19 3.4 28,681,676 1994 2.06 3.2 28,999,006 1995 2.01 3.2 29,302,091 1996 2.14 3.0 29,610,757 1997 1.96 2.9 29,907,172 1998 1.85 2.5 30,157,082 1999 1.77 2.3 30,403,878 2000 1.78 2.5 30,689,035 2001 1.78 2.3 31,019,020 2002 1.86 2.2 31,353,656 2003 1.74 2.2 31,639,670 2004 1.95 2.1 31,940,676 2005 2.06 2.5 32,245,209 2006 1.86 2.6 32,570,505 2007 1.81 2.4 32,887,928 2008 1.84 2.2 33,245,773 2009 1.81 2.4 33,628,571 2010 1.63 2.0 34,005,274 2011 1.74 1.9 34,342,780 2012 1.56 1.9 34,754,312 2013 1.44 1.8 35,158,304 The homicide rate, due to its consistent and reliable reporting to police, is often used as an indicator of the level of violence in a society. In Canada, the homicide rate more than doubled between 1961 and 1975, when it reached its highest point. While there is variance in the homicide rate year-to-year, due to relatively small numbers, since peaking in 1975 the homicide rate has generally been declining. Homicide was a relatively rare event in Canada in 2013, representing less than 1% of all violent crime. In total, police reported 505 homicides in 2013, 38 fewer than the previous year. As a result, the national homicide rate declined to 1.44 per 100,000 population in 2013, marking an 8% decrease from the previous year and the lowest homicide rate recorded since 1966. The attempted murder rate also decreased in 2013 to 1.83 victims per 100,000 population, marking a 5% decline from the previous year and the lowest attempted murder rate since 1971. Similar to the overall crime rate, many countries have also reported declines in their homicide and attempted murder rates in recent years.
Motivations related to the decline Several factors commonly mentioned by experts as possible explanations for the decline in crime may be related primarily to certain types of crime. For example, multivariate analysis performed by the Canadian Centre for Justice Statistics indicated that changes in inflation tend to have the most association with changes in crime that is financially motivated (i.e., robbery, break and enter, motor vehicle theft), while changes in alcohol consumption and unemployment rates are correlated with changes in the homicide rate, and changes in the population's age and gender are associated with changes in the rate of break and enters. As well, legislative changes introduced in Canada?such as amendments to the Criminal Code regarding sexual assault and the Young Offenders Act, which was followed by the Youth Criminal Justice Act on April 1, 2003 (Department of Justice)?have the potential to affect crime rates by expanding definitions and criminalizing certain behaviours not previously considered a crime, or by decriminalizing others.
Definitions Crime rate: Refers to the number of Criminal Code offences in an area reported to the police per 100,000 population in that area. Crime Severity Index: Refers to a measure of police-reported crime that measures both the volume and seriousness of police-reported crime in Canada.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The good news in the Republican clown show masquerading as a presidential primary is Rick Perry is dropping out. The bad news is he endorsed Newt Gingrich, advocate for making poor children janitors, and according to Marianne Gingrich (wife #2) someone who believes “open marriage”.
video platform
video management
video solutions
video player
I'm not going to mince words. “Open marriage” amounts to claiming commitment to one person, while dogging around with one or more others. In religious circles, dogging around with other people is called adultery. So let's get passed the euphemisms. Newt Gingrich expected his previous wife to condone adultery. She wouldn't do it, so Newt moved on to Callista.
One can argue that a politician's private life is and should be private. Normally, I would agree with that sentiment. The problem is this particular politician asserts that the constitution should define marriage as between a man and a woman. Not a man, his mistress and a woman. Moreover, he's a serial adulterer. It's as if for all his talk about marriage, Newt's the kind of guy who recites his vows while having his fingers crossed behind his back. That's a character issue. If someone has a questionable ability to commit to marriage vows, what does that say about his ability to commit to things like upholding the constitution?
Newt had adulterous affairs in both of his previous marriages. Perhaps he has reformed, or perhaps as he told Marianne, Callista is totally cool with open marriage. Maybe she was cool with it when she was the mistress, but applies a different standard now that she is the person who is a Newt would be unfaithful to.
Given Gingrich's pride in how closed minded he is I'm surprised to see that he believes in open anything. Yet, if we look at the conservative attitude toward women, this should have been obvious.
As Michele Bachmann put it, a woman is supposed to submit to their husband. If one has the misfortune or lack of grey matter to marry someone like Newt, then she must overlook the infidelity – not to mention the risk of social diseases. Boys will be boys. If the boy's affair is made public, then the dutiful wife must stand by her man during the mea culpa press conference.
Of course, Newt is doing all he can to redeem himself, after blaming patriotism for his previous infidelities.
“There's no question at times of my life, partially driven by how passionately I felt about this country, that I worked far too hard and things happened in my life that were not appropriate. And what I can tell you is that when I did things that were wrong, I wasn't trapped in situation ethics, I was doing things that were wrong, and yet, I was doing them.
I found that I felt compelled to seek God's forgiveness. Not God's understanding, but God's forgiveness. I do believe in a forgiving God. And I think most people, deep down in their hearts hope there's a forgiving God.
Somebody once said that when we're young, we seek justice, but as we get older, we seek mercy. There's something to that, I think. I feel that I'm now 67 I'm a grandfather. I have two wonderful grandchildren. I have two wonderful daughters and two great sons in law.”
Callista and I have a great marriage. I think that I've learned an immense amount. And I do feel, in that sense, that God has given me, has blessed me with an opportunity as a person. Forget about all this political stuff. As a person, I've had the opportunity to have a wonderful life, to find myself now, truly enjoying the depths of my life in ways that I never dreamed it was possible to have a life that was that nice.
Though, I will give Newt some credit. At least he didn't pull a John Ensign, running to his mommy and daddy to pay off the mistress to keep quiet.
However, his response to the question during the most recent GOP debate tells us much more about Newt than about his philosophy on marriage. Rather than addressing the question, he used the classic conservative tactic of attacking the media. Let's get this straight. Newt was the serious adulterer. Newt is the guy who blamed patriotism for his infidelity. Assuming Mariane's account of Newt's attitude toward marriage is true, this presidential candidate has a problem with the truth and with accepting responsibility for his own actions.
Blame the media all you want, Mr. Gingrich. Character is an issue. Blaming others for your conduct is one of the many reasons that you are not presidential material.
Image from joshuapundit.
I've just returned from Albania, where I was attending the Liberty Summit, organised by the Alliance of Conservatives and Reformists in Europe (ACRE). ACRE is the grouping of like-minded political parties across Europe, which sits alongside the ECR, the Tory-allied group in the EU – so when we leave the EU, we will leave the latter but remain an ACRE member.
It was a fascinating event – not least due to Albania's history as the closest thing to North Korea that Europe has so far produced, but also because of the range of attendees. There were veteran dissidents like Uran Kostreci, the Albanian poet who spent 20 years in some of Enver Hoxha's most brutal jails, and Andrzej Gwiazda, who played a central role in establishing anti-communist opposition in the Gdansk shipyards, laying the ground for the later emergence of the Solidarnosc movement. There were also representatives of the Conservatives' many allied parties – among those I met were MPs and activists from Poland, Finland, Germany, Italy and Slovakia (indeed the Summit saw ACRE welcome three new member parties, from Albania, Belarus and Northern Cyprus).
Also in attendance, however, were the AK Party – the Turkish governing party whose leader, President Erdoğan, has of course been pursuing a series of repressive measures both before and after that country's failed coup last year. I reported last July that ACRE was already investigating whether the AKP was a suitable member, and had dispatched a fact-finding mission to Turkey to see whether the party could reasonably be judged to be consistent with the Alliance's founding principles. If not, then they faced suspension.
The outcome of that fact-finding mission has not been published in full, but an ACRE statement from earlier this year confirms various concerns in the Alliance about Erdoğan's behaviour:
‘We deplore the violent coup attempt of 2016. We also appreciate the enormous burden placed on Turkey by the Syrian war and refugee crisis – a burden they have shouldered cheerfully and uncomplainingly. An unstable environment, however, is not a justification for weakening democratic norms, abandoning political pluralism or moving toward a more authoritarian style of government… The ACRE Council notes with concern the continuing developments in Turkey. ACRE understands that an attempted coup d'état can lead to measures that would not be contemplated in normal times. Nonetheless, a coup cannot justify a permanent shift in the balance of power, nor a continuing State of Emergency, nor a purge of officials who were uninvolved, nor the mistreatment of detainees. Similarly, we accept the need for some reforms of the 1980 constitution, and recognize that it is for the Turkish electorate to determine its own constitutional arrangements. But we stress that the supremacy of national parliaments is part of the Reykjavík Declaration, and oppose any shift in power that would lead to a less pluralist or more autocratic form of regime.'
Since then, ACRE has voted on the status of the AKP and, as you can guess by the presence of the party's representatives in Albania this weekend, it voted not to suspend or expel Erdoğan and his colleagues. It certainly wasn't a unanimous decision – people from various nations expressed their deep unhappiness about it to me in the last couple of days – but I gather it was supported by all those ACRE member parties who are in Government, who are also the largest parties in the Alliance. That includes the PiS in Poland, the Finns Party and the British Conservatives.
That's a controversial decision, which was made in Westminster – meaning that not only do British Conservatives remain allied to Erdoğan, but the Conservative Party's leadership has explicitly backed continuing that alliance. I'm told that Daniel Hannan remained neutral in the process, in his capacity as ACRE Secretary-General, but the official position of the Conservative Party's leadership and ACRE delegation is clearly that the alliance with the AKP should continue.
The prime justification for that continuation appears to be on security grounds, particularly given that Turkey is often European extremists' chosen route to attempt to join ISIS. The merits of that case are likely to be classified, so are rather hard to judge (but will be visible to those governing parties who supported the AKP's continuing membership).
What is public knowledge, however, is Erdoğan's record in using the continued State of Emergency to purge officials, clamp down on critical media and attack the judiciary in Turkey. As I wrote back in July, that record seems completely at odds with ACRE's founding principles, and the statement above implies that ACRE has similar concerns. After the vote, the organisation simply says the relationship remains “under review” – though quite what more Erdoğan would have to do to get kicked out is a mystery.
Indonesia and the Islamic Development Bank (IDB) have agreed to cooperate further in infrastructure and sharia financing system development by creating a better role for private entities.
The commitment will be cemented in a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the Member Country Partnership Strategy for 2016-2020, to be signed on the sidelines of the 41st IDB annual meeting in Jakarta from May 15 to 19.
“It is IDB's commitment to helping and encouraging Indonesia's development, which has been discussed intensively by both the government and private entities,” said a macroeconomic and international finance expert staff member at the Finance Ministry, Andin Hadiyanto, on Wednesday.
The MoU focuses on infrastructure development, human resources capacity building, sharia financing, increasing the role of the private sector and a reverse linkage program, he said. He declined to specify the value of the project.
As a country with the world's largest Muslim population, Andin expressed belief that Indonesia would benefit from the upcoming IDB meeting in Jakarta as it would be able to increase its capacity as a center of Islamic economic development in the region.
About 2,700 participants from 56 member countries are scheduled to attend the meeting, consisting of top leaders, ministers, senior officials and business players. The event will focus on six major topics, IDB Indonesia country director Ibrahim Shoukry said.
The topics are coordination and technical cooperation for development among IDB members; the development of economic resilience for member countries; advancing sharia investment to achieve sustainable development goals; sharia innovative financing for poverty reduction; micro sharia market for inclusive finance; and a sharia approach in infrastructure funding.
“IDB has been operating in Indonesia and has worked in several important areas such as infrastructure, higher education and community-based development worth US$4 billion in recent years,” Ibrahim said.
IDB secretary and chairman Ghassan al-Baba highlighted the universality of sharia financing, despite its strict principle in accordance with Islamic principles, such as forbidding sharia-based financing to be disbursed to liquor, casino and pork-related business.
"Islamic financing has become an alternative financing tool, but it is not restricted to a specific religion. It can be referred also as ethical financing," he said, adding that Islamic loans provided prudent measures as they had to be backed by real assets.(sha/ags)
Image caption Hugo Boss supplied uniforms to both the party and armed forces
The German fashion firm Hugo Boss has apologised for its maltreatment of forced workers during World War II when it supplied the Nazis with uniforms.
It issued the apology to coincide with the publication of a new history of the company during the Hitler years, which it commissioned itself.
Its factory used 140 Polish and 40 French forced workers.
The book concludes that company founder Hugo Boss, whose past is already well documented, was a loyal Nazi.
"It is clear that Hugo F Boss did not only join the party because it led to contracts for uniform production, but also because he was a follower of National Socialism," wrote the author, Roman Koester, an economic historian at the Bundeswehr (English: Federal Defence Force) University in Munich.
Both Mr Koester and the company insist that it had no influence over the contents of the book, although it provided the funding.
Brown shirts
Under the tile Hugo Boss, 1924-1945, the book recounts the history of the man who founded a clothes factory in Metzingen, Baden-Wuerttemberg in 1924.
One of his first big contracts was to supply brown shirts to the early Nazi party.
After the war Boss, who died in 1948, sought to argue that he had joined the party in order to save his company.
"That may have been the case, but one may not interpret Hugo F Boss' remarks to mean that he was personally far from National Socialism," said Mr Koester, his words quoted by The Local Germany news website.
"That was certainly not the case."
By 1938, the firm was producing army uniforms, and eventually it manufactured for the Waffen SS too - though it did not, apparently, design the SS uniform.
From April 1940, Hugo Boss was using forced labourers, mostly women.
A camp was built in the area of the factory to house the workers and, according to the abridged English version of Mr Koester's report, "hygiene levels and food supplies were extremely uncertain at times".
Mr Koester notes that Boss tried to improve conditions in 1944, a year before the war ended, by asking to house his workers himself, and attempting to improve their food situation.
"We can only repeat that the behaviour towards the forced labourers was at times harsh and involved coercion, but that concern for their welfare was also displayed, rendering simplistic characterisations impossible," he writes.
The company said on its website it wished to "express its profound regret to those who suffered harm or hardship at the factory run by Hugo Ferdinand Boss under National Socialist rule".
After the war Boss was tried and fined for his involvement in Nazi structures.
A man from Chicago purchased a gallon of barbecue sauce intended for use on McDonald's McJordan sandwich in 1992 for $9,995.00 on eBay, according to the item's seller.
This gallon of barbecue sauce sold for nearly $10,000 on eBay, according to the item's seller. mortbank/eBay
"I've got quite a bit of McDonald's memorabilia," said Mort Bank, a former McDonald's owner-operator in North Dakota. "This was on my shelf, and my daughter who helps me with eBay said, 'I wonder what something like this would be worth?'
"I said, 'I can't imagine anyone else saved it.' It only could have been another owner-operator. We decided to see what we could get. ... I said I can remember a chicken nugget someone said looked like Jesus that sold on eBay for what, $6,000? You have to use your imagination to to even think it looks like that. This is an actual product."
The sandwich was named after Michael Jordan during the Bulls' run of championships, and Bank said the regional McJordan promotion was the first time McDonald's named a sandwich after a person. Its limited production made the sauce a rare item.
Bank would not disclose any information about the buyer other than he's a male from Chicago.
"I assume he's a Bulls fan," Bank said.
Bank, 65, also is a big NBA fan and former Minnesota Timberwolves season-ticket holder.
"I'm a Laker fan (from their days as the Minneapolis Lakers)," he said. "But I loved watching Michael Jordan and consider him one of the greatest ever.
"If the Lakers weren't in the Finals, I'd cheer for the Bulls."
Bank originally had the item up for auction on eBay several months ago, but no bid ever met the minimum price of $10,000. So Bank, who was getting offers for approximately $1,000, said he had to renew it every five days at a cost. He decided to apply a "buy it now" option at $10,000.
"All of a sudden a news story broke, not sure how, but all of a sudden my daughter called and said we were getting all kinds of offers and questions about it," Bank said. "It started spreading on the Internet. People paid attention and started making offers."
Once the offer for $9,995.00 came in, Bank decided to sell.
"If I had known it was going to be red hot on the Internet, I might have done it differently, but $10,000 for barbecue sauce is pretty good," Bank said.
Bank said he sold his seven McDonald's restaurants and started his own themed restaurant chain called Space Aliens with four in North Dakota and two in Minnesota.
THANK YOU TO MY SECRET SANTA IN WISCONSIN!! Gifts included: Goggles, Mini Microphone, Reddit Cut-Out, Tetris Jr., The Sammy
I work at an English academy in Korea, and that's where I had my gift shipped. I got an assortment of small, travel friendly things (hooray!).
One of the items was a pair of goggles (random!), which I immediately put on. I let my hair down since it was wet from showering just before work, and taught my classes wearing them.
A lot of the students were asking me about the goggles, to which I responded, "I just went swimming. In the river just down the road. That's why my hair is wet."
Students: "It's very cold!"
Me: "No no. Perfectly fine. Very warm."
Yes, some of the students are that gullible.
A radio personality in Cleveland is facing tremendous backlash after telling a father that he should get one of his male friends to rape his daughter to force her to turn straight.
In response to an email from a father who suspected his daughter was gay after discovering her kissing another girl, DJ Dominic Deiter declared on the air that “You should get one of your friends to screw your daughter straight.”
You read that correctly. An apparently anti-gay radio personality told a father that he should arrange for his daughter to be raped repeatedly until she magically turns straight.
After the disgusting remark, GLAAD received multiple reports about the incident, which was said during ‘Rover's Morning Glory' radio program that airs on WWMS 100.7 FM radio station on Clear Channel Communications, which includes radio shows hosted by Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, and several other right-wing radio shows. Clear Channel is also owned primarily by Bain Capital, the company that Mitt Romney began and is still involved with.
GLAAD's Director of News & Field Media Aaron McQuade says “It was appalling and dangerous for this show to tell a father that he should have one of his friends rape his daughter. That's essentially how Dieter responded to this listener, and this is no laughing matter in a world where people are too often the victims of violence and sexual assault based on their actual or perceived sexual orientation. And Dieter gave this vile advice to everyone who was listening, including educators, parents and children – sending the message that it's okay to physically or sexually abuse people who are perceived to be gay.”
Clearly, this disc jockey needs to be fired immediately for his comment. Advocating for rape to change homosexuals into heterosexuals is egregiously wrong on so many levels. Rape is a violent act against women, and to say that a father should have his own daughter raped for any reason is flat out evil. If Republicans needed a reason why the Violence Against Women Act and the update to include gays and lesbians should be passed, this is precisely why. Without this Act and the crucial updates, measures would not be in place to prevent the kind of violence Deiter is suggesting be used to curb homosexuality. Furthermore, members of the LGBT are human beings who have rights. Nobody deserves to be raped because of who they are.
Unfortunately, many people heard Deiter's remark. And undoubtedly, many anti-gay activists may indeed harbor similar feelings. Could they switch their strategy from ‘pray away the gay' to ‘rape away the gay'? I wonder how many of these anti-gay activists will be courageous enough to condemn Deiter's response. Probably none of them.
The basement of Alois S., a tapas bar in Berlin's Prenzlauer Berg district, is 560 kilometers away from Düsseldorf. But the tension among the Fortuna fans who gathered there Monday night to watch their club take on Duisburg was palpable.
After the hard-fought - and historic - win, supporters seemed stunned, as if even they couldn't really believe what their team had accomplished.
"It's really crazy," said Moritz, a 28-year-old fan who showed up for the match decked out in Fortuna red and white. "Things were so bad fifteen years ago that I almost cancelled my membership. But all the patience and hard work have paid off."
To outsiders, Fortuna's amazing run may seem to have come out of nowhere, but the club is one of the genuine sleeping giants in German football, being located in a large city and having a long tradition ripe for re-awakening.
Experts who follow the team aren't surprised that it is doing so well.
"I said right at the start of the season that they'd be near the top of the second division," Christian Krumm, a reporter who covers Fortuna for the local football magazine Reviersport, told Deutsche Welle. "If they hadn't got off to such a horrible start last season, they could easily have been promoted a year ago."
Düsseldorf lost their first six matches in 2010-11. Since then, they've collected more points - 94 - than any team in German professional football, reviving memories of when Düsseldorf's fortunes were on high.
Downs and Ups
Fortuna goes all the way back to 1895 and was a powerhouse in the early decades of the sport in Germany, even winning a national title in 1933.
Duisburg rarely got a look at goal against their local rivals
After the formation of the Bundesliga in 1963, Fortuna needed a few years to qualify for the top flight and first established itself there in 1971. Düsseldorf's highlights in the 1970s were a pair of German Cup titles, a runners-up finish in the Cup Winners Cup and a 7-1 thrashing of Bayern Munich, which remains the Bavarian giants' worst-ever away loss.
But Fortuna's fortunes waned in the 80s and 90s, and by the new millennium the club was nearly insolvent and had plummeted down to the fourth division. The financial situation was so dire that in 2002 Düsseldorf had to rely on the sponsorship of one's Germany's most successful rock bands, local heroes Die Toten Hosen, to survive at all.
Since then, it's been a steady process of recovery and rebuilding. 2008-9 was the turning point. Fortuna won promotion back to the second division and thus began playing all its home matches in the Esprit Arena, a stadium with a capacity of over 50,000, which greatly increased gate revenues.
"In decades past, the club was not considered very ‘in', even in their home city, and their old stadium wasn't somewhere many people wanted to take their families" Krumm said. "Now they've stopped living beyond their means and are featuring lots of homegrown players. People identify with the club again, and with the new stadium, people are bringing their kids to matches."
2008 was also the year the club hired coach Norbert Meier, whose back-from-the-dead story rivals Fortuna's own.
Norbert's Noggin
Meier is perhaps best known for an incident in 2005, when he, as the head coach of Duisburg, butted heads on the touchline with former Cologne player Albert Streit and then threw himself on the ground in pseudo-agony, trying to elicit a red card.
Meier, at right, remains an excitable coach
To be fair, Streit feigned agony too, but both men's play-acting was so dismal that the scene has become a fixture of “world's worst dives” videos on the Internet. The Bundesliga and Duisburg were less amused. Meier was suspended from coaching for three months and fired.
But for the past three seasons in Düsseldorf, Meier has been using his head in the more conventional sense.
"Fortuna used to play a standard 4-4-2, but Meier got them into a formation with two midfield stoppers and two wingers," Krumm said. "It's the same system Bayern Munich use, although they're much more offensive, of course. Meier's players know they have to track back a lot more."
The multi-tasking is working. Fortuna's goal difference is about the same as the other promotion candidates in the second division, but the telling stat is what's in the loss column: a zero. Fortuna have become next-to-impossible to beat, having last dropped three points back in March.
But can the formula work where Düsseldorf seem likely to be heading - the first division?
Back with the big boys
"Absolutely," says Krumm. "The team that's doing so well this year features much the same starting eleven that played last season. Of course, if they do go up, they'll be looking to make qualitative improvements at three or four positions, especially since some of the veterans are well over thirty. But I think the passion with which they play will serve them well. It's no accident that they've won all their home matches this season."
Jens Langeneke is one of Fortuna's veteran perfvormers
The goal scorers against Duisburg were a pair of 34-year-olds, Jens Langeneke and Sascha Rösler. And Fortuna's top youngster, 21-year-old playmaker Maximilian Beister, is a loanee from Hamburg whose play has attracted the attention of several of the Bundesliga's bigger clubs.
That's left supporters a bit nervous, even while Fortuna have put together their amazing streak.
"I think there's still a big difference between the top team of the second division and an established mid-table first-division team," Fortuna fanatic Moritz said. "If we do go up, we'll probably have to make improvements to half the squad."
Düsseldorf were so bad for so long that die-hard fans' caution is understandable. And despite going undefeated in the first half of 2011-12, Fortuna are by no means a shoo-in for promotion since the top teams in division two have racked up an unusual amount of points this season.
On the other hand, Düsseldorf has the infrastructure in place to make a go of it in the top flight. The club has established an effective youth division, and membership has more than doubled in the last five years.
In any case, Fortuna won't have to wait long to form a clearer impression of what the competition is like among Germany's footballing elite. They play reigning German champions Dortmund in the German Cup on December 20.
Author: Jefferson Chase
Editor: Matt Hermann
The newly-named chair of the House Financial Services committee defended Republican resistance to tax cuts on the middle class in part by misrepresenting this year's presidential election results to CNN host Soledad O'Brien.
“The President won 51-49. He's got an electoral college victory,” said Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-TX), both neglecting the fact that President Barack Obama's actual popular vote victory margin was three points and ignoring Obama's 126-vote electoral college defeat of Republican Mitt Romney. “It's good enough to get him to be re-elected but it's not good enough to give him a mandate.”
The Obama's administration proposed solution for avoiding the so-called “fiscal cliff” centers on the expiration of tax cuts for the wealthy implemented during George W. Bush's presidency, coupled with $600 billion in spending cuts and a tax increase for families making more than $250,000 a year. Republicans countered with a plan based around closing unspecified tax loopholes and deductions, and have also threatened to demand that service programs like Social Security, Medicare and the Affordable Care Act be put on the table in budget negotiations.
At various points in the interview, O'Brien suggested that lawmakers from both the GOP and the Democratic party could work together on the issue.
At various points in the interview, O'Brien suggested that lawmakers from both the GOP and the Democratic party could actually work together to resolve the issue.
“Let's do some kind of deal now, and that'll keep us from going over the fiscal cliff,” O'Brien said. “And then you can let the tax cuts for the wealthy expiry, January 1st, it happens … it's gonna happen anyway, right?”
Hensarling laughed off that idea.
“This is the very kind of shell game that they run in Washington,” said the incoming chair, who has served in Washington since 2003. “‘If you'll just give me my tax increases today, I'll surely give you your spending restraint tomorrow.'”
“But you have no leverage in the debate,” O'Brien responded, which Hensarling seemed to ignore, instead calling the Obama administration's idea “immoral” for punting the national debt along to future generations.
The Starting Point host attempted to reintroduce a middle-class tax cut later.
“Why don't Republicans and Democrats vote to keep the taxes lower for middle class and people at lower income and let the other ones expire?” she asked. “And you could do that now. And we wouldn't go over the fiscal cliff.”
Hensarling responded by defending House Speaker John Boehner's (R-OH) plan.
“What the Speaker has done is exactly what the President claimed he he wanted,” Hensarling said. “The Speaker has put on the table a balanced approach.”
Hensarling also accused the president of wanting to put 700,000 Americans out of work and of reneging on previous agreements.
“Republicans are willing to negotiate in good faith,” Hensarling said, noting that Boehner had offered a plan reportedly based on a proposal by deficit commission co-chairperson Erskine Bowles before O'Brien stepped in, reminding him, “Who, as you know, has backed away from that plan.”
O'Brien also noted that Bowles issued a statement Monday saying, “circumstances have changed” since he issued that proposal last year, an economic shift Boehner's plan did not account for.
“What I know is, he was right in front of me as co-chairman of the super-committee, and he had put it on the table,” Hensarling responded as O'Brien chuckled. “So if he wants to take it off the table, so be it.”
Watch O'Brien's exchange with Hensarling, aired Wednesday on CNN and posted on Hensarling's YouTube channel, below.
[h/t Think Progress]
Correction: This piece originally misspelled Hensarling's name. We regret the error.
VALLEJO (CBS13) — It started as a kidnapping investigation, then police called it a hoax. Now the FBI is saying the kidnapping of Denise Huskins was a real event, and that a man has been arrested in connection with the case.
A 59-page criminal complaint was released on Monday with the news of Matthew Muller's arrest. It details him as a Harvard-educated former attorney who once taught at the prestigious school, but was disbarred earlier this year.
The 38-year-old is from Orangevale, and is a former Marine who suffers from Gulf War Syndrome and is bi-polar.
The FBI says Huskins' kidnapping was meant to be a trial run for much larger operations for a criminal group made up of highly educated men, targeting young couples in Vallejo, specifically on Mare Island.
The criminal complaint details the day Huskins and her boyfriend Aaron Quinn were allegedly drugged, and Huskins was kidnapped. Police were notified of Huskins' disappearance on March 23 by Quinn. The complaint says the couple was told “They would not be harmed and that it was only financial.”
But Denise Huskins wasn't supposed to be the target. The affidavit says Muller's actual target was Quinn's former fiancee, but when the kidnappers realized their mistake, they decided to carry out the crime anyway.
The kidnappers allegedly demanded two payments of $8,500, a small amount as far as ransoms go. The report says the suspects didn't want to financially devastate the young couple, saying “the amount was chump change, but it was the training we were after. We needed a live fire exercise before taking on a hard target, to learn how people react and iron out all of the wrinkles.”
Huskins was released, because the suspects were impressed by her strength in the face of adversity, the report states, quoting an email to the San Francisco Chronicle that reads:
“We feel feel deep remorse and horribly regret our slide into criminality. In particular, we are mortified of the impact it has had on victim F (Huskins). In what I suppose would be a case of reverse Stockholm syndrome, we were very impressed with the strength she showed and who she was as we passed the time talking to her.”
The suspects also expressed outrage at the Vallejo Police Department for calling the crime a hoax. Vallejo Police released few details the day after her disappearance, culminating with a March 24 press conference where spokesman Lt. Kenny Park answered most questions with some variation of “I can't go into those specifics,” with visible frustration building with each answer.
On March 25, Huskins was found safe at her father's home in Huntington Beach, more than 400 miles from Vallejo. The Chronicle reportedly received an email from the kidnappers detailing where Hukins was released, and a voice recording of a woman believed to be Huskins.
Later that day, Park announced Vallejo Police were treating the incident as a hoax, with the threat of criminal charges looming for Huskins and Quinn. He said Huskins agreed to fly on a jet to Vallejo to answer questions, but they hadn't received contact from her in the hours since she was found.
Park called the incident “a wild goose chase”, saying, “Mr. Quinn and Ms. Huskins have plundered valuable resources away from our community, and have taken focus away from the true victims of our community while instilling fear amongst our community members,” he said. “So if anything, it's Mr. Quinn and Ms. Huskins that owe this community an apology.”
EXCLUSIVE: Denise Huskins' Uncle Blasts Police Handling Of Alleged Kidnapping Hoax
On Monday, lawyers for Huskins and Quinn made their own demand for an apology, saying the Vallejo Police Department rushed to judgement. They went on to say because police didn't take their story seriously and search for kidnappers, the suspects were able to stay on the streets and commit another violent act on a different couple in Alameda County months later.
“Had the Vallejo PD fulfilled their obligation to protect public safety, not to re-victimize a victim, that they would have prevented the violence that occurred to this couple in Dublin,” said Huskins' attorney Douglas Rappaport.
The case the lawyers referred to was the one Muller was originally arrested for in June.
Police called that a invasion in Dublin where Muller allegedly entered the home and fought with the homeowner for about four minutes and ran away. He reportedly left his cell phone at scene, which allowed detectives to track him down to South Lake Tahoe, where he was arrested. Police also found Huskins' stolen vehicle that had evidence inside from the kidnapping and a GPS device that showed a trip to Huntington Beach.
The couple did not speak to reporters on Monday to preserve the integrity of the case, their lawyers said.
Asked about a possible lawsuit against Vallejo Police, the lawyers said it would be up to their clients and that would be handled by different attorneys.
This wasn't the first time that attorneys had spoken out vociferously about the Vallejo Police Department's handling of the case. On March 26, Quinn's attorney Dan Russo said his client had been drugged and submitted to tests to verify it. Later that day, Rapport held his own press conference, saying Huskins “was a victim of a very serious assault.” He said the incident made her to come forward, but “has fully cooperated with law enforcement with the hope of clearing her name.”
Huskins' uncle echoed in a March 26 text message what he told CBS13 in an exclusive interview the night before: “I predict that by tomorrow the police will have changed their tune entirely and maybe even apologize if they have any professionalism whatsoever.”
The Vallejo Police Department declined to comment on Monday's developments, referring all questions to the FBI.
Monday's report describes the suspects refer to themselves as “Ocean's 11-type gentlemen criminals.” They also claim they never used a gun, but instead a water pistol painted black with a laser attached.
Evidence gathered in the Muller arrest included goggles in his South Lake Tahoe home with blonde hair still attached. Huskins, who has blonde hair, says she was forced to wear goggles the entire time she was being held.
Emails in the affidavit detail the number of crimes the suspects' allegedly committed against people living on Mare Island. They had several exceptions for targets, including those with children, medium to large dogs, those who are over 55, a member of the military or a military veteran.
Anyone with information is urged to call the FBI at 1-800-CALL-FBI.
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg joined the chorus of political leaders and economists pointing out the absurdity of the Clinton/McCain/RNC gas tax holiday idea:
“It's the dumbest thing I've heard in an awful long time from an economic point of view. I don't understand why you think there's any merit to it whatsoever. We're trying to discourage people from driving and we're trying to end our energy dependence. We don't do that — oh, and incidentally, we're trying to have more money to build infrastructure. All three of those things go fly in the face of giving everybody $30 a year. The $30 bucks is not going to change anybody's lifestyle. The billions of dollars that we would otherwise have in tax revenues can make a big difference as to what kind of world we leave our children.”
(…)
UPDATE: Joe Bruno's spokesman, Mark Hansen, responsds: “The vast majority of New Yorkers, especially Upstate, must rely on their cars to get to work and school and do not have any mass transit. The rising price of gas is costing them $10 to $20 more every time they fill up their tanks. The Senate, like John McCain and Hillary Clinton, support cutting gas taxes because it is the right thing to do to give New Yorkers relief.”
Immediately after the horrific attacks on America on September 11, 2001, President Bush and Congress went to work enacting laws they said would make us safer from such attacks in the future. That was not a shocking reaction — and their intentions were understandable. After all, even those of us who advocate the smallest government possible agree that the federal government has a fundamental and constitutional duty to defend us from harm.
But when politicians decide to make us safer, they too often get it really wrong. It is the very nature of government to solve a problem by making itself bigger and more intrusive, and to increase its power at the expense of our freedom and, yes, the very same rights that our elected officials are sworn to protect.
After 9/11, the president and Congress “protected” us with the Patriot Act, expansions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, an overreaching NDAA, and a host of other measures — both legislative and executive — that gave the federal government powers over our daily lives that would have been unimaginable to the Founders. Our library cards, our cell phones, our computers, our travel, and even our bank accounts became the business of bureaucrats and federal law enforcement.
It became OK to let the government put us on “no-fly” lists, to grope us at airports, and to be notified if we happen to move too much money around. Privacy? Well, that's pretty much gone. And as laid out in a memo that surfaced in recent days, it even became OK for the government to assassinate American citizens who that same government had labeled as terrorists.
Today, in the wake of more horrific attacks — this time in the form of senseless shootings at schools and a movie theater — the politicians are once again rushing to protect us with more laws and more executive mandates. And once again, their “protections,” if adopted, will come at the expense of our rights and freedoms. That, sadly, is what government does.
We've seen this movie before. Violence and tragedy at the hands of gun-toting criminals begets a rush to make it harder for non-criminals to buy, sell, or even own a firearm. That pesky Second Amendment — the one about keeping and bearing arms — gets dismissed with claims that it doesn't really mean what it says, and that the Founders never envisioned high-capacity magazines.
To be sure, it is difficult to find a politician who will say outright that we shouldn't be allowed to own a gun. They all claim to have no problem with law-abiding citizens having a shotgun in the closet, and many even have photos of themselves engaging in shooting “sports.” Those are the same folks who say they respect our privacy while authorizing drones to fly over our homes and assure us we are free to fly on planes, as long as we don't mind dealing with the TSA and showing a government-approved ID.
It is government's very nature to react to problems. But just as the War on Terror has resulted in the shredding of our civil liberties, today's rendition of the War on Guns threatens to demand that we shelve a few more of our rights in the name of our own safety. But someone has to ask the tough questions: How can “universal” background checks be feasible without first having a “universal” database — something that should make all Americans cringe? How can a “mental health” standard be imposed for gun ownership without the government somehow deciding who among us is healthy — or not?
And how can the government get around the fact that even the Supreme Court has affirmed that the Second Amendment really does mean what it says: That the right to keep and bear arms is not some outdated reference to state militias, but rather an individual right not to be taken away by the government?
Whether it is the First Amendment right to speech or the religious freedoms granted in the Constitution, we may all find the exercise of rights to be uncomfortable, painful, and occasionally even harmful. But our nation is founded — uniquely so — on the idea that individual rights are to be protected and shielded from government control. And just like the rest of the Bill of Rights, the Second Amendment doesn't give anyone permission to commit murder. That is covered by a lot of others, perfectly constitutional, laws.
Let us hope, and let us work, to make sure that the politicians don't decide to make us “safer” from gun violence by taking away even more of our freedoms. There are plenty of countries around the globe where people are denied individual liberties in the name of the state and their own government-provided well-being, and those same countries are full of people who would come to America in a heartbeat if they had the chance.
That is a reality we must not forget.
Gary Johnson, a former two-term governor of New Mexico and the Libertarian Party's 2012 presidential candidate, is the chairman of Our America Initiative.
John Cho, Parker Posey, Haley Lu Richardson, Michelle Forbes, and Rory Culkin are starring the Indiana-set drama “Columbus.”
“Columbus” marks the feature directorial debut of Kogonada, who has been noted for his visual work and film criticism commissioned by the Criterion Collection and Sight & Sound.
The movie is being produced by Superlative Films and Depth of Field in association with Nonetheless Productions. Chris Weitz, Andrew Miano, Danielle Renfrew Behrens, Aaron Boyd, Ki Jin Kim, and Giulia Caruso serve as producers. Superlative Films is financing the pic.
The film is currently shooting in Columbus, Ind., which the director said inspired him due to its modern architecture.
“After visiting the town, I felt an immediate sense for a film that would take place there, which would implicitly explore the promise of modernism (an ongoing quest for me),” he said. “The story revolves around a man and young woman from opposite sides of the world, each mourning the potential loss of a parent.”
Cho plays the estranged son of a prominent architectural critic. Richardson is the daughter of a recovering addict, who finds solace in the architecture that surrounds her. Forbes portrays her mother. Posey plays a former student who's dating Cho's character's father.
Related John Cho, Alan Yang Team on Drama 'Tigertail' for Netflix HFPA President Weighs in on Oscar Changes: 'They Have to Do Something to Keep the Viewers'
“I initially fell in love with ::kogonada's work through the exquisite montages he did for Criterion and the BFI,” Weitz said. “He was clearly a filmmaker with exacting taste and an impeccable vision.”
Cho stars in “Star Trek Beyond” and Posey is in “Cafe Society.” Richardson stars in “The Edge of Seventeen” and Forbes stars in “Orphan Black.”
Renfrew Behrens launched Superlative Film in January as an equity fund and strategic partner for independent films and documentaries. Its other titles include: “Lucky,” starring Harry Dean Stanton and David Lynch, “Humor Me,” with Elliott Gould and Jemaine Clement, and “The House of Tomorrow,” toplined by Ellen Burstyn, Nick Offerman, Asa Butterfield, Alex Wolff. and Maude Apatow.
Depth of Field was founded in 1999 following brothers Chris and Paul Weitz's breakout directorial debut, “American Pie.” Their credits include “About a Boy,” “In Good Company,” “A Single Man,” “Grandma,” and Judy Greer's directorial debut, “A Happening of Monumental Proportions,” currently in post-production.
Cho is represented by UTA and 3 Arts; Richardson is repped by Gersh and 3 Arts; Posey is represented by Gersh; Forbes is represented by UTA; and Culkin is represented by Paradigm.
As expected, the Eagles are following their appearances at the Classic East/West festivals with tour dates, four of which were announced Monday (with more likely to follow). “An Evening With the Eagles” will kick off Oct. 17 in Greensboro, North Carolina, then move on to Atlanta (Oct. 20); Louisville, Kentucky (Oct. 24); and Detroit (Oct. 27). Tickets will go on sale to the general public at 10 a.m. Saturday through LiveNation.com.
The reconfigured group – billed officially as “Don Henley, Joe Walsh & Timothy B. Schmit, with Vince Gill and Deacon Frey” – is taking a measured approach to regaining altitude after the death of co-founder Glenn Frey, Deacon's father, in January of last year, both in terms of timing and filling Frey's enormous role.
Variety wrote of the first concert: “If this was a test run for whether a post-Glenn Frey version of the Eagles could pass muster, it augured well on that front, thanks to some smart choices about fill-ins for the late co-frontman. The most obvious live ringer was Frey's 24-year-old son, Deacon,…looking and sounding spookily like the family patriarch in his most heartthrob-ish post-Troubadour days — and also put on some of the rowdier, earlier songs his father sang….Country great Gill provided as assured a recreation of Frey's slick soulfulness on ‘Tequila Sunrise,' ‘Lyin' Eyes' and ‘New Kid in Town' as anyone could.”
American Express Card Members will have the exclusive opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public beginning 10 a.m. Tuesday through 10 p.m. Friday. A limited number of VIP ticket packages will be also be available, including premium tickets, preshow VIP lounge, exclusive merchandise and more.
A new research carried out by the Department of Psychology of the Barnard College in the USA, in publication on the journal Behavioural Processes used a sniff-test to evaluate the ability of dogs to recognize themselves.
The experiment confirms the hypothesis of dogs' self-cognition proposed last year by Prof. Roberto Cazzolla Gatti of the Biological Institute of the Tomsk State University, Russia (Cazzolla Gatti, R. (2016). Self-consciousness: beyond the looking-glass and what dogs found there. Ethology Ecology & Evolution, 28(2), 232-240.).
Dr. Alexandra Horowitz, the research's leader, wrote in her report: "While domestic dogs, Canis familiaris, have been found to be skillful at social cognitive tasks and even some meta-cognitive tasks, they have not passed the test of mirror self-recognition (MSR)."
She borrowed the pioneering ethological approach, called the "Sniff test of self-recognition (STSR)" proposed by Prof. Cazzolla Gatti in 2016 to shed light on different ways of checking for self-recognition, and applied it to thirty-six domestic dogs accompanied by their owners.
This study confirmed the previous evidence proposed with the STSR by Dr. Cazzolla Gatti showing that "dogs distinguish between the olfactory 'image' of themselves when modified: investigating their own odour for longer when it had an additional odour accompanying it than when it did not. Such behaviour implies a recognition of the odour as being of or from 'themselves'."
Prof. Cazzolla Gatti firstly suggested the hypothesis of self-cognition in dogs in a 2016 pioneering paper entitled after the novel by Lewis Carroll "Self-consciousness: beyond the looking-glass and what dogs found there."
As the Associate Professor of the Tomsk State University anticipated: "this sniff-test could change the way some experiments on animal behaviour are validated." Soon, the study of Dr. Horowitz followed.
"I believe that dogs and other animals -- declared prof. Cazzolla Gatti last year in an interview for the Daily Mail, UK -- being much less sensitive to visual stimuli with respect to what, for example, humans and many apes are, cannot pass the mirror test because of the sensory modality chosen by the investigator to test the self-awareness and this in not, necessarily, due to the absence of this cognitive ability in some animal species."
Prof. Cazzolla Gatti's idea, as recently confirmed by Dr. Horowitz on a larger sample of dogs, shows that "the sniff test of self-recognition (STSR) even when applied to multiple individuals living in groups and with different ages and sexes, provides significant evidences of self-awareness in dogs, and can play a crucial role in showing that this capacity is not a specific feature of only great apes, humans and a few other animals, but it depends on the way in which researchers try to verify it."
The innovative approach to test the self-awareness highlighted the need to shift the paradigm of the anthropocentric idea of consciousness to a species-specific perspective.
As the Italian biologist of the Tomsk State University anticipated last year in his paper: "We would never expect that a mole or a bat can recognize themselves in a mirror, but now we have strong empirical evidences to suggest that if species other than primates are tested on chemical or auditory perception base we could get really unexpected results."
This new study published in the journal Behavioural Processes, validating the sniff test of self-recognition (STSR) and the hypothesis of a self-awareness in dogs and other animals developed by Prof. Roberto Cazzolla Gatti, pushes furthermore ethologists to move "beyond the looking-glass to see what other animals can found there."
COMMENTARY
I know the hood when I see it, but I had not planned to photograph it.
When I came to Harrisburg from Memphis, Tenn., The Patriot-News had just won the Pulitzer Prize, which for newspapers is like winning the Super Bowl.
28 Galleries: Portraits of Harrisburg
I realized that I had to get my act together, because these guys were the truth. I made up my mind that I would find a portfolio-quality personal story to photograph this summer.
My first week's assignments took me around the city, and my first impression was that Harrisburg appeared to be a smaller version of Detroit: a once-thriving city fallen on hard times. There's dilapidated housing, trash everywhere, limited franchise establishments and potholes galore.
Photo essay: "Culturally Diverse" »
Photo essay: "Portraits of Harrisburg" »
The housing and property maintenance I saw were below standard, in my experience. Occupied units were next door to abandoned homes with filth and rodents. There were broken windows, graffiti on the walls and bedsheets for curtains.
I visited Allison Hill -- later learning that the people who live there simply call it "The Hill."
I saw people in the city who had that "just trying to survive" feel to them.
I witnessed a diversity I had never seen before. Memphis is pretty segregated, at least in the $75,000-and-below housing areas. In Harrisburg, behind the abandoned housing, trash and crime statistics, there is a melting pot of cultures and a treasure of hope, determination, love and pride.
Puerto Ricans, blacks, whites, Mexicans and Africans all have in common their struggle for a better life. In the midst of their struggles were the simple things that bring joy: pool parties, block parties, friendships, cultural integration, purchasing a taco from the Taco Truck.
I decided to start shooting photos.
At first, when I approached people to tell them my story and asked permission to photograph them, they would say, "Naw, man. No, thank you."
I kept going back. I talked with people, and I kept asking.
One woman sitting on her front stoop had a "look" about her.
Mindi was reluctant to let me photograph her. The mother of one and grandmother of two told me, "The majority of the city's violence stems from no work. The economy has affected Harrisburg in a powerful way.
"Kids grow up poor and become what they see," she said. "There's nothing here for kids to do, so they turn to crime."
25 Galleries: Culturally Diverse
If they invest in the schools and stop investing in downtown, the city's situation could get better, she said.
At first glance, some parts of this city might appear to be violent, run-down, poverty-stricken and helpless.
The story is more complicated.
There's joy.
There's also generational frustration.
As I continued to shoot, it was clear that people here were facing the same issues as people in Memphis and in Lima, Ohio; Bowling Green, Ky.; Nashville; and New Orleans.
People can't find work. Cities are cutting recreational budgets. There's less to occupy youths' minds, so they get creative with mischief, pregnancies and drugs.
Some are cool with that. Others want out, but it isn't easy.
They look for jobs but can't find them. They have rent to pay and kids to feed, and resort to a "by any means necessary" mindset to survive. They get caught and end up back where they started: trying to find a job, but with a record.
It becomes a cycle.
I asked people on The Hill how they felt about their city.
"It ain't no jobs here," was the common answer. "The city's broke ... and the mayor doesn't know what she's doing."
People feel their politicians have failed them.
In spite of the problems I saw, I also saw hope and fun, old-fashioned horseplay and people just hanging out in the neighborhoods.
A birthday is a birthday -- whether it's in a $250,000 house or in Section 8.
Family is family.
In the end, Mindi let me photograph her.
So did many others.
Their stories -- their lives -- are an integral part of this city, its challenges and its dreams.
See more:
Photo essay: "Culturally Diverse" »
The workers who operate the scoreboard and video display for Minnesota Timberwolves and Lynx games at Target Center are eligible to unionize, the National Labor Relations Board has ruled.
In a decision issued Aug. 18, the NLRB – the agency that oversees worker rights in private sector workplaces – rejected the Timberwolves' claim that the workers are independent contractors.
The ruling means the workers are free to pursue union representation if they choose.
On Feb. 8, 2016, IATSE – the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees – filed a petition to represent the appx. 50 people on the roster who operate the four-sided video display hung over the Target Center basketball court. They include camera operators, replay and audio/tape operators, engineers and directors.
While the Target Center is owned by the City of Minneapolis, the Timberwolves operate the arena and employ the scoreboard workers.
In 2016, the NLRB's regional office dismissed the union petition, saying the workers are independent contractors. The union then appealed to the board in Washington, D.C.
In a 2-1 decision by NLRB Chairman Philip Miscimarra and members Mark Gaston Pearce and Lauren McFerran, the board said the Timberwolves function as an employer in several respects, including scheduling work, providing most of the equipment needed, setting a script to be followed and exerting “significant control” over the crewmembers' work.
Unlike situations involving independent contractors, “the Employer holds and exerts control far exceeding that possessed by crewmembers themselves over when and how a crewmember will perform video-production work for it, as well as the manner and means by which that work is accomplished,” the NLRB said in its decision.
The Board also noted that most of the crew had worked for the Timberwolves for at least five years and formed a key part of the team's operations.
“The Employer has the burden of establishing that the crewmembers are independent contractors,” the board said. “We find that it has not carried its burden.”
While members Gaston Pearce and McFerran constituted the majority in favor of the workers' right to unionize, NLRB Chair Philip Miscimarra dissented.
Interpreting many of the facts presented in the case differently, he said, “… the evidence overwhelmingly indicates that they [crewmembers] are independent contractors based on the distinct skills they possess, the fact that they are paid on a per-game basis, their freedom to take other work, and the fact that Timberwolves Basketball does not control the details of their work or supervise them.”
Miscimarra, originally nominated to the board in 2013 by President Obama, was named chairman by President Trump in April. Gaston Pearce and McFerran also were nominated to the NLRB by Obama, with Gaston Pearce serving as chair prior to Miscimarra.
Tiger Woods, on his website, apologizing for his behavior and writing about Bubba Watson's win:
Congratulations to Bubba Watson for winning. We used to play a lot of practice rounds together. If you think about it, for a lefty, that shot on No. 10 didn't sit up too badly for him. It was a hook lie, and on top of that, he's firing it into the hill, because that green goes from right to left. So whatever type of hook he hits is actually going to be killed into the slope.
Now, some of you emailed and felt that was out of line. I could go either way. Maybe because it's just nice to read some insights about the game in one of these posts.
Anyway, this was interesting:
Reston resident Zabeba Hassan jogs on a paved trail toward Lake Newport in Reston. The Reston Association wants to purchase a lakeside property to prevent it from being developed. (Greg Nash)
As development ratchets up in Reston around Lake Anne Plaza and Metro's new Silver Line, the community's homeowners association wants to snap up and preserve several lakeside acres before a developer buys the property.
But the purchase price is causing some Restonians heartburn and suspicion as the homeowners association is ready to pay $2.65 million for a property assessed by Fairfax County at $1.25 million. Concerned that the value of the land continues to decline, opponents of the sale have set up an anti-purchase Web site and created a satirical attack video, even as the issue has been put to a vote of the planned community's nearly 18,000 property owners, with the referendum ending Friday evening.
“Municipalities are doing everything they can to add and protect their open spaces. It's central to a healthy community,” said former Reston Association board president Ken Knueven, a supporter of the plan. “It's the number one reason people move here, for all of the natural open spaces.”
The association obtained its own appraisal in February, which assessed the site's value “as is” at $1.3 million. But if someone built a restaurant there, the appraisers calculated, that would add another $1.35 million in value, for a total market value of $2.65 million. That became the agreed sales price, conditioned on approval by Reston's homeowners.
Many of those homeowners are resisting, fiercely. They say the property is environmentally protected by being in a Chesapeake Bay watershed, that the association already owns a chunk of the land through easements already on the property, that no one wants to build a restaurant there, and that the price is, well, too high.
“They say they're preserving something,” said resident Paul Gayter, “but they don't appear to want Restonians to know what that something is.”
Activist Terry Maynard said the association kept the homeowners in the dark on the deal until it was already negotiated with Bill Lauer, the property's owner and a longtime Reston developer, who died suddenly Tuesday. Maynard said another building couldn't be built because of environmental restrictions, and “there is a price for that property, and it's about $1 million.”
[Reston gets its first look at Lake Anne redevelopment.]
Reston is the second-largest population center in Northern Virginia, after Alexandria. The Reston Association, a mandatory homeowners' group that provides recreational and environmental services for the community's 60,000 residents, first announced in January it was looking to buy the visitors center property, astride Lake Newport near Baron Cameron Avenue. The association would keep the old one-story visitors center, now offices for Lauer's Tetra Partners company, and use it for community programs and meeting space rather than allow someone to build a restaurant there.
Though the property is obscured by trees from Baron Cameron Road, it is walking distance from Lake Anne, which is set to undergo massive redevelopment in the coming years. Knueven said the association's land use lawyers felt the property was ripe for a lakeside restaurant a short stroll from Lake Anne, even as it faced a handful of houses in a quiet neighborhood, and that sharp development lawyers could work around environmental restrictions.
Knueven noted that Fairfax County has seemed unwilling to say no to a corporate property owner seeking permission to tear down Reston National Golf Course and redevelop it. A group formed to fight that move, Rescue Reston, is supporting the purchase of the “Tetra” property.
“It's a shame the developer did not give the land to [Reston Association] back in the day,” said the group's president, Connie Hartke. “If we can get it now, RA members will next have input on what it will become. Reston may never become a town, but it should have had this waterfront park. Now it can.”
Opponents of the plan have no problem with a waterfront park. But they remain baffled by the price for a property that is already partly owned by the homeowners association and that, because it's not on a main road and is hidden by trees, they say does not seem a likely spot for a restaurant.
Maynard said the $2.65 million loan would cost Reston homeowners $3.8 million over 20 years, necessitating increases in the annual dues (currently $634). He said the association “is driven by fear something commercial will be built there. But there will be no development there because of planning, environmental and easement restrictions.” He noted that a county revision of the master plan for Reston, to be voted on next month, proposes to limit the site to “existing use.” He said Tetra was “trying to accelerate this transaction before further development is precluded, and RA is doing its bidding at a huge potential cost to us all.”
Knueven said the association's land use lawyers assured him $2.65 million was a fair market price, and that properties often sell for far above their assessed values. He said it was “a rare opportunity” to add green space, that it would improve home values and enable more recreational programs for Reston.
Gluten-free diets shouldn't be promoted to prevent heart disease among people without celiac disease, gastroenterologists say after a large U.S. study.
The food industry has stimulated popularity in gluten-free diets. Recognizing this public interest, researchers at Harvard Medical School said they wanted to see whether avoiding gluten actually has health benefits for those without the disease.
To that end, Dr. Andrew Chan, an associate professor of medicine at Harvard, and his team used diet and health outcome data collected from 110,000 health professionals over 26 years to link estimates of gluten in the diet to diagnoses of coronary heart disease.
Celiac disease affects one to two per cent of Canadians, or about 300,000 people, Health Canada estimates.
The researchers recognized that celiac disease is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease, which is reduced after these individuals go gluten free.
No difference
Based on the answers to diet questionnaires, the researchers divided participants into five groups of estimated gluten consumption. Gluten, a mix of two proteins that gives dough its elastic texture, is found in wheat, rye and barley.
"There was actually no absolute difference in risk of heart disease in individuals according to their gluten intake," Chan, a gastroenterologist who treats patients with celiac disease, said in an interview.
"In fact, in those individuals that actually had low intakes of gluten, they also tended to have diets that were also low in whole grains and so subsequently because of that also had a somewhat higher risk of developing heart disease."
CBC Marketplace investigation finds many gluten-free products break Health Canada rules 2:07
In this week's issue of The BMJ, the researchers tried to disentangle the effects of higher intake of whole grains that are associated with lower risk of heart disease from gluten.
Whole grain limit
"For individuals that are looking at a gluten as a potential factor to consider in their diet, there is really no evidence that restricting the amount of gluten you take in actually has benefits for your heart and there is also this possibility that if you are overly restrictive in your intake of gluten that you may also be limiting your intake of whole grain, which actually could cause harm."
Physicians and medical researchers have an understanding of why gluten potentially causes allergy. But since those mechanisms don't occur in people without the disease, the findings aren't surprising, Chan said.
Since the study was observational and participants weren't randomly assigned to follow a specific diet, cause and effect can't be determined.
As well, the researchers didn't test for impact of gluten among people with celiac disease or determine whether trace amounts of gluten were present in some foods.
The findings in no way alter recommendations for people with celiac disease or gluten sensitivity to avoid it, Chan stressed.
While gluten-free diets are sometimes promoted for weight loss, eliminating gluten can lead to weight gain if an individual substitutes gluten-free items that are high in fat, sugar and calories, said Shelley Case, a registered dietitian in Regina. Case is a member of professional advisory council of the Canadian Celiac Association. She was not involved in the study.
"Going gluten free is not a magic bullet for losing weight and improving your health for individuals who don't have celiac disease," Case said.
Some may lose weight or feel better on a gluten-free diet not from the elimination of gluten, Case said, but because they've replaced calorie-laden items with more nutritious fruits, vegetables and lean protein foods and ended a reliance on processed, prepackaged foods.
Celiac disease is diagnosed with both a blood test and biopsy. In one Canadian study, the average delay between symptoms starting and diagnosis was up to 12 years, Case said.
The new findings aren't likely to end the debate, Case said. "Hollywood celebrities, athletes, personal trainers and others will continue to tout the benefits of the gluten-free diet for those who do not have celiac disease."
The researchers are funded by the American Gastroenterological Association, Massachusetts General Hospital and U.S. National Institutes of Health.
Pittsburgh Underwear Ride Attracted 400+ Riders in May
Biking in one's skivvies has become a regularly scheduled event thanks to the Pittsburgh Underwear Bike Ride. Now in its fourth year, hundreds gather on the last Thursday of every month to celebrate life in all of its ridiculousness by riding in their underwear. The Undie Ride has been an important addition to the set of biking events Pittsburgh has to offer.
Not convinced? The Underwear Bike Ride received a prominent mention in Pittsburgh's blurb within Bicycling Magazine's 2014 article on America's top 50 bike-friendly cities. The ‘Burgh was ranked 21st – jumping 12 spots from 2012.
Furthermore, the event exposes new people to the joys of riding. Many participants have had their bikes tuned up, or have bought bicycles specifically to be a part of this offbeat gathering. Stripped down, the well organized and slow-paced, Underwear Bike Ride is just another great way to showcase how fun it is to bike in Pittsburgh.
We caught up with Virginia, the ride's organizer, to have her tell us a little more about it.
How did it all start?
A friend of mine in Milwaukee had been doing an underwear ride for two years and I really loved it. When I moved to Pittsburgh in 2012, I didn't know anyone in the city so I decided to organize this ride to meet people. I also couldn't imagine going a whole summer without riding my bike in my underwear with a huge group of people.
Plus, the ride helps boost the cycling community in a unique way. By putting people in a more vulnerable state, everyone is more apt to make new connections.
What is the most rewarding part of leading the Underwear Bike Ride?
Seeing the diversity of the people who come out for the ride. Weekend warriors, hipster bike punks, and people who rarely ride have borrowed bikes to participate in the ride every month.
What were some unexpected results of brining the Underwear Bike Ride to Pittsburgh?
Having 450 people show up on the first ride this year was pretty unexpected.
How can folks get involved?
Volunteers are always needed the day of the ride. You can contact us through the Facebook page.
Anything else you want to add?
I want to offer a sincere thanks to everyone who has participated in the ride and helped out in previous rides!
The next Underwear Bike Ride is Thursday, June 25 at 8:00pm. Check out other biking events in our Cycling Events Calendar.
Sign up for Bike Pittsburgh's newsletter, The Messenger, to get the latest news on events, bike and pedestrian infrastructure, and fun, delivered straight to your inbox. Twice monthly emails, no spam.
A House subcommittee signaled Tuesday that it will move forward with legislation to legalize some forms of online gambling.
Rep. Mary Bono Mack (R-Calif.), chairwoman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee's Manufacturing subpanel, said the committee would deliberate before acting on any legislation.
ADVERTISEMENT
But lawmakers and industry players at a Tuesday hearing on Internet gambling seemed to be in broad agreement that the time has come to let the nation's casinos, cardrooms and racetracks operate online as a regulated industry.
Bono Mack noted that some form of gambling is already legal in every state except Hawaii and Utah.
“I learned to play poker, believe it or not, in the Boy Scouts,” said Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas), who introduced legislation this summer that would legalize and regulate online poker. “If you learned something in the Boy Scouts, it has to be a good thing,”
Lawmakers at the hearing pointed to statistics that show millions of Americans gamble online, sending as much as $6 billion to illegal offshore gambling sites each year.
Several members said regulating and taxing the industry could provide a steady stream of revenue to help close the federal deficit.
Ranking committee member G.K. Butterfield George (G.K.) Kenneth ButterfieldDems mock Trump's pitch for Fourth of July celebration Winners and losers in the border security deal Pelosi runs tight ship as more stormy waters await MORE (D-N.C.) said games like poker and bingo “are as ubiquitous in the U.S. as baseball and football” and said Congress's inaction on the issue has driven millions of Americans to offshore sites where they can easily be scammed.
Several lawmakers and witnesses argued the 2006 law that banned U.S. financial institutions from processing payments for online gambling sites has failed. Barton called it “unenforceable.”
Barton reiterated his longstanding argument that poker is a game of skill, adding that President Nixon financed his first congressional campaign partially through his poker winnings. He also noted that President Obama is known to be an excellent card player.
Barton said the broad support in the House for his poker bill — libertarian Ron Paul (R-Texas) and liberal Barney Frank (D-Mass.) are co-sponsors — shows the idea has merit.
“If you've got a bill they are all for, who can be against it?” Barton asked.
Poker Players Alliance chairman and former Sen. Alfonso D'Amato (R-N.Y.) said the Obama administration's crackdown on the industry earlier this year has only served to drive the game underground, where players have no assurances that games are fair or that they will be paid if they win.
“The status quo is badly broken and benefits no one,” D'Amato said. “Internet poker has not gone away and it's hard to envision a scenario where it will.”
D'Amato also noted that the Wire Act, which banned interstate financial transactions related to gambling, was intended to prevent sports betting, and it remains unclear whether online poker is illegal.
Opposition to online gambling has emerged from the organizers of state lotteries, which argue that legalization would drain dollars from state coffers that are often earmarked for education.
D'Amato argued that online poker sites serve a different customer and would have minimal impact on lotteries if the game were legalized.
“We believe that people who buy lottery tickets are generally not the same people and we don't believe they really compete,” D'Amato said.
Several witnesses at the hearing pushed for enhanced age verification to prevent children from gambling online. Others called for funding to help address the social costs of gambling addiction.
ADVERTISEMENT
National Council on Problem Gambling executive director Keith Whyte said at least $50 million should be set aside to deal with gambling addiction. He noted that minorities, young men and veterans are particularly prone to addiction, which can lead to bankruptcy and criminal acts.
Whyte said his organization is neutral on legalizing gambling but noted that the online form may exacerbate addiction problems due to the speed of the games, the relative anonymity and the reliance on credit instead of cash.
D'Amato argued it would be possible to include safeguards that would prevent problem gamblers from being able to log onto the websites.
—This story has been updated.
Law requiring women to space children three years apart in areas of high population growth seen as targeted at minorities such as Rohingya Muslims
Burmese women could be forced to have fewer children under new law
Burma's president has signed off on a law requiring some mothers to space their children three years apart despite international objections that it could be used to repress women and minorities such as the Rohingya Muslims now fleeing the country for other parts of south-east Asia.
The population control health care bill — drafted under pressure from hard-line Buddhist monks with a staunchly anti-Muslim agenda — was passed by parliamentarians last month.
US deputy secretary of state Anthony Blinken said he warned Burma's leaders during face-to-face talks last week about the dangers of the bill. On Saturday, hours after the diplomat left, state-run media announced president Thein Sein had signed it into law.
As predominantly Buddhist Burma started moving from dictatorship to democracy four years ago, newfound freedoms of expression lifted the lid on deep-seeded hatred for minority Muslims — including Rohingya now arriving on south-east Asian shores in crowded, rickety boats.
Many are fleeing persecution and violence that has left up to 280 people dead and forced another 140,000 from their homes in western Rakhine state. They are living under apartheid-like conditions in dusty, crowded camps, with little access to education or adequate medical care. They also have little freedom of movement, having to pay hefty bribes if they want to pass police barricades, even for emergencies.
The population law — which carries no punitive measures — gives regional authorities the power to implement birth-spacing guidelines in areas with high rates of population growth.
Though the government says the law is aimed at bringing down maternal and infant mortality rates, activists argue that it steps on women's reproductive rights and can be used to suppress the growth of marginalised groups.
Hard-line Buddhists have repeatedly warned that Muslims, with their high birthrates, could take over the country of 50 million even though they currently represent less than 10% of the population.
“It's very disappointing,” Khin Lay, a women's rights activist, said of the president's decision to sign off on the law. “If the government wants to protect women, they should strengthen laws already in place to do that.”
Blinken, who met with Thein Sein, the army's commander in chief and other government officials during a two-day visit to Burma, said he expressed “deep concern” about the law and three others in the assembly aimed at protecting race and religion.
“The legislation contains provisions that can be enforced in a manner that would undermine reproductive rights, women's rights and religious freedom,” Blinken told reporters Friday. “We shared the concerns that these bills can exacerbate ethic and religious divisions and undermine the country's efforts to promote tolerance and diversity.”
A new historical novel about Thomas Jefferson is raising eyebrows.
Stephen O'Connor's Thomas Jefferson Dreams of Sally Hemings, which came out on Tuesday, is about our third president's relationship with Sally Hemings, his slave. DNA evidence has proved that Jefferson and Hemings had six children together while Jefferson kept Hemings enslaved — and Jefferson also enslaved their children, freeing them one by one as they came of age. To further complicate matters, Sally Hemings was a half-sister to Jefferson's late wife, the product of a relationship between Jefferson's father-in-law and one of his slaves.
By all accounts, Jefferson's sexual relationship with Hemings spanned several decades, beginning when Hemings was a teenager and Jefferson was in his 40s. It was not, in any sense of the word, consensual: Hemings was a child, and Jefferson literally owned her; she was not in any position to give or withhold consent. What Jefferson did to Hemings was rape.
But Thomas Jefferson Dreams of Sally Hemings, judging from early reviews, is most interested in exploring potential ambiguities of their relationship. The book wonders: Did Hemings perhaps enjoy it? To what extent was she complicit?
According to Kirkus, in this novel Hemings enthusiastically consents to the relationship: "And so, when some half hour after Sally Hemings arrives late at the upstairs parlor, and Thomas Jefferson confesses breathlessly that he would very much like to lie with her as a man lies with his wife … she whispers that she would like that, too. …"
NPR quotes a passage in which she whispers ecstatically to Jefferson, "I want us always to be as we are here … where we are only our eyes, our hands, those parts of us made for each other by nature, where our only words are the ones we whisper in the little caves we make between pillow, cheek and lips."
The Washington Post cites O'Connor's assertion in the afterword that "Hemings's feelings for Jefferson might well have fallen somewhere along the spectrum between love and Stockholm syndrome."
These early reviews are, by and large, positive. The book shows "The agonizing crashing together of love and slavery," writes NPR, observing that "O'Connor has the insight to put them side by side, and the result is searing and even sometimes beautiful." The Washington Post, which acknowledges that the book's treatment of Hemings leads to its "most troubled and troubling chapters," concludes that "O'Connor's deeply humane treatment of Sally, whose actual thoughts will never be known to us, is the novel's most haunting accomplishment."
And Kirkus — though it declares the book's treatment of Hemings "problematic" — decides that in "fully acknowledging the tragedy of slavery, O'Connor produces a tale that is overflowing with the range of human emotion; in its depiction of feeling, the novel is often brilliant, dense in poetry and light on unearned sentimentality."
Twitter is less enthusiastic, however.
"Thomas Jefferson was a rapist," writes Bad Feminist author Roxane Gay:
Thomas Jefferson was a rapist. Why can't y'all just accept that? He's been dead for a minute. It's okay to admit the truth. — roxane gay (@rgay) April 7, 2016
Says Kate Harding, the author of Asking for It:
"We can't know what Sally Hemings really wanted." GONNA GO AHEAD AND GUESS "FREEDOM" WAS HIGH ON THE LIST — Kate Harding (@KateHarding) April 7, 2016
And one more:
I'm sorry, but "maybe she wanted it, maybe she liked it" is not a new insight. https://t.co/HvJxj8g07N — Betsy Phillips (@AuntB) April 7, 2016
It is the fantasy of a lot of rapists, the fantasy of a lot of slave holders--that the destructive thing they do isn't really. — Betsy Phillips (@AuntB) April 7, 2016
This controversy is merely the most recent example of Jefferson being pushed off his pedestal as the formerly unassailable father of American progressivism. As it becomes more and more difficult to ignore the fact that he repeatedly raped a child whom he owned, he's gone from American demigod to American demon. Thomas Jefferson Dreams of Sally Hemings is unlikely to change that view.
Victorian MP pushing to end Family Court cross-examinations by abusive ex-partners
Updated
A push to end the practice of abusive ex-partners cross-examining their victims in family law cases is being launched in Federal Parliament.
Under Family Court rules, people without legal representation can cross-examine their former partner; an ordeal that victims have described as extremely traumatic.
Victorian Independent MP Cathy McGowan will introduce a private member's motion calling on the Federal Attorney-General to amend the law to protect victims.
"Particularly women who have already experienced massive examples of domestic violence and family violence," she said.
Ms McGowan said she was made aware of the practice by one of her constituents, "Eleanor", after she endured the process.
"It just sounded horrendous what she'd gone through... but it's a much bigger problem than we thought," she said.
An ongoing survey by Women's Legal Services Australia identified 270 women who had been through a similar ordeal since September.
Ms McGowan said her motion would give the major parties a chance to debate the issue and suggest a way forward.
'I just wanted the trauma to end': victim
Eleanor fled a sexually and physically abusive relationship with her ex-husband, but he was still allowed to cross-examine her in court.
Family violence support services: 1800 Respect national helpline 1800 737 732
Women's Crisis Line 1800 811 811
Men's Referral Service 1300 766 491
Lifeline (24 hour crisis line) 131 114
Relationships Australia 1300 364 277
"At the end of the day all I wanted to do was throw myself in front of the first bus, I just wanted the trauma to end," she said.
She said the experience took months to recover from.
"If we say that it's un-Australian to commit violence against women, then why do we have a system that puts the power back in the perpetrator's hands?" she said.
The Productivity Commission recommended the law be changed, in a report examining access to justice last December.
Ten months on, Attorney-General George Brandis is yet to respond to the recommendation.
He said the Federal Government was continuing to look at ways to improve the system.
Ms McGowan plans to introduce a private member's bill if the Attorney-General will not change the laws.
Topics: domestic-violence, community-and-society, government-and-politics, federal---state-issues, federal-government, federal-parliament, law-crime-and-justice, family-law, australia
First posted
Debate rages over whether being Jewish could make student government member 'biased', in shocking display of anti-Semitism.
A student's Jewish affiliation became the subject of a heated debate at University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA) earlier this month, after the student government nearly scrapped her acceptance due to her background.
Student Rachel Beyda applied to be a member of the UCLA Judicial Board in February, and presented herself as a candidate in front of the Board.
However, the meeting quickly dissolved into a debate over whether her Jewish background and affiliation with Jewish life on campus is a "conflict of interest," as can be seen in the video below. The debate begins at 47:30.
After some 40 minutes of debate and an intervention by a faculty member, Beyda was eventually voted in in a 9-0 vote. Four students who opposed her candidacy - Fabienne Roth, Manjot Singh, Negeen Sadeghi-Movahed and Sofia Moreno Haq, as named by student newspaper the Daily Bruin - also made a public apology following their comments.
Roth had begun the debate by asking whether Beyda could have an "unbiased" view.
“Given that you are a Jewish student and very active in the Jewish community,” Roth asked Beyda, “How do you see yourself being able to maintain an unbiased view?”
Beyda was then asked to leave the room, wherein a long debate ensued over the issue.
“I feel like we should be working on a way to make sure that we make things better at USAC, and we have a legacy that's not being more divisive towards things,” Roth then said. “She's part of a community that is very invested in USAC and in very specific outcomes that Judicial Boards make decisions on every year.”
Sadeghi-Movahed added that “I'm not 100 percent comfortable; I don't know why. I'll go through her application again. I've been going through it constantly, but I definitely can see that she's qualified for sure.”
However, other student board members - including president Avinoam Baral - argued that Beyda's Jewish identity has no bearing whatsoever on her qualifications to make student policy decisions.
The issue was only resolved after a faculty member intervened, noting the difference between "conflict of interest" and "perceived conflict of interest," according to the Jewish Journal - and noted that a "perceived conflict of interest" could apply to any member of the board.
Backlash
The incident garnered a significant backlash from the Jewish community on campus.
Baral later stated to the Daily Bruin, “It was definitely very difficult for me to sit there as they were discussing the appointment and were quite clearly biased against her because of her Jewish identity and her affiliation to the community."
“As a Jewish student, this for me echoed a centuries-long sort of connotation of Jews being unable to be truly loyal," he said, adding that he is working on a draft resolution against anti-Semitism on campus.
Fallout over the incident was so strong that UCLA's Chancellor issued a letter over the debate, noting that the interrogation was "unfair" and that "no student should feel threatened that they would be unable to participate in a university activity because of their religion.”
On Tuesday, UCLA Hillel's incoming executive director, Rabbi Aaron Lerner, expressed alarm to the Journal over the apparently brazen show of anti-Semitism. Lerner noted that this is not the first time the student government has engaged in virulent anti-Semitic activity; in May 2014, it debated heatedly over whether the votes of two Jewish members who had visited Israel should be disqualified during a vote on whether to adopt Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) measures on campus.
“The same group of elected student leaders who were instrumental in bringing an anti-Israel resolution to campus earlier this year felt it was appropriate to publicly question a fellow student's qualifications as a candidate because of her ethnic and religious identity,” Lerner stated.
While Lerner praised the offending students' apology, he indicated that the issue is ongoing, "especially given the way it has allowed itself to become polluted by an inability to distinguish between advocating for Palestinian rights versus freely mingling with and even sponsoring anti-Semitic speakers and events.”
The incident made headlines less than 24 hours after a landmark study by Trinity College revealed that 54% of Jewish American college students experienced anti-Semitism on campus in 2014 - and 10% specified that discrimination had been levied against them in student organizations.
UCLA was named Tuesday as one of the "Top Ten" colleges in the US for anti-Semitic activity by the David Horowitz Freedom Center, a conservative think tank based in Southern California.
The Guardian ran a story Wednesday featuring an obviously fake quote from George Orwell's famous book 1984 that purported to presage the supposed “post-fact” era of President Donald Trump.
The Twitter account Pixelated Boat posted Jan. 23 what appeared to be an excerpt from 1984 that displayed a back-and-forth dialogue between Winston, the central character of the story, and “Big Brother.”
Chilling. This passage from Orwell's 1984 perfectly predicted the Trump era: pic.twitter.com/869PtRSRUW — Pixelated Boat (@pixelatedboat) January 24, 2017
But the problem, of course, is that the quote was completely made-up, and much to Pixelated Boat's surprise, The Guardian's Brigid Delaney decided to nevertheless run with it in a story Jan. 25, likely thinking the quote was perfectly genuine, with the express purpose of taking a swipe at President Donald Trump.
Holy shit. This made it into this (now corrected) Guardian article: https://t.co/3NLDnLTA63 (Hat tip to @LorneFranks who screencapped it) pic.twitter.com/Gbh6q4MOwC — Pixelated Boat (@pixelatedboat) January 25, 2017
The above screenshot shows two pictures of the Guardian article: one before the paper corrected the piece and one after.
Brigid Delaney, writer of the article, said that 2017 belongs to Orwell and noted that sales of the book increased on Amazon, following the inauguration of President Donald Trump and the emergence of the phrase “alternative facts.”
Delaney also saw fit to point out that 1984 was “published under the shadow of fascism in 1949.”
To make her point, she cited Pixelated Boat's fake quote on Twitter, prefacing it with, “Orwell – the most lucid essayist of the 20th century – writes of truth, language and politics in a way that is eerily, and unwelcomingly fresh today.”
The Guardian has since removed the fake quote and appended this message to the bottom of its story.
“This article was amended on 26 January 2017 to replace an incorrect quote from 1984.”
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Send tips to jonah@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
In his annual summer media briefing, Miami Heat President Pat Riley spoke Monday in an intimate setting in his bayfront office at AmericanAirlines Arena with the team's beat writers.
On the start of the Heat's offseason approach, "The pursuit of Gordon [Hayward] was a no-brainer. We felt the need to pursue that."
On returning his 2016-17 core, "We were all geeked, happy, really about the team that we put together."
On how it came together, "As soon as we found that Gordon was not going to be with us, we moved very quickly on all of them."
But he sid last season's 41-41 and no playoffs should not be accepted as acceptable, "As good as we were in the second half of the year, we didn't finish the job."
On now moving forward, "It'll be very interesting when we go to camp to see where their heads are."
On going after Hayward first and then cycling back to his players, "In this game you have to try to stay one step ahead of the posse, and in this game, the posse is Cleveland."
On the Heat moving immediately on Kelly Olynyk once he became unrestricted, "From 35,000 feet we made contact with his agent."
On going with a big man in Olynyk instead of a wing, "We have eight perimeters right now."
And, "The one area that we really felt the need to shore up . . . are stretch four, fives that are highly skilled. And that's where Olynyk came into the equation."
On Olynyk's fit, "He's a perfect fit with Hassan [Whiteside]. . . He and Bam [Adebayo] can play. Kelly, to me, is sort of the hybrid for all of us."
On locking up Olynyk and so many players on long deal, "I look at him as part of the group . . . of young guys approaching their prime."
Riley said going for a big in Olynyk made too much sense, "The next thing for us was to get some help for Hassan and J.J. [James Johnson]."
Riley said Olynyk's hairstyle will be left to the player, "Man bun vs. long hair, I don't give a damn."
On what's next, "We hopefully will get Udonis [Haslem] back."
Riley on Luke Babbitt, "We're still talking. Luke did a good job for us last year."
Riley said Willie Reed likely will move on elsewhere in free agency, "Right now, with our front line . . . I hope he gets something that he deserves."
He said A.J, Hammons will get a roster chance, "Getting Hammons in the trade . . . we want to take a good look at him also."
On moving quickly on Waiters, "I wanted to tie up our young guys. Dion, I'd like to see him play 70 to 75 games."
On the next step with Waiters, "We just want to make him more efficient." He said offseason training is critical.
On Wayne Ellington, "We fought very hard to keep Wayne as our shooter."
On trading Josh McRoberts: "We love Josh . . . He just had some horrific bad luck. We loved him as a player."
More Riley on McRoberts, "I had great compassion for Josh. It was time probably for him to find another place and also for us to move on."
Riley joked that McRoberts will be a free agent again next summer, "And guess what, we can go after him again." [Followed by laughter]
Riley on the Heat's lack of a true backup point guard behind Dragic, "This is becoming a combination-guard league."On if he's looking for a point guard, "We don't need a prototypic point guard."
On the Heat's remaining $4.3 million exception, "We'll probably hold on to the room mid-level."
Riley said he's not sure that his roster isn't already full, "I'm going to be adding another room mid-level guy who's going to be fighting for 10 minutes?"
Riley said the $4.3 million exception still would be spent on the right free agent, "But we have it in hand and I think that's really good."
On the Heat's flexibility, "The whole concept of position-less has to do with the offense."
On Justise Winslow, "Justise is going to compete like crazy to start. And Josh [Richardson] will, Dion all of them. When we come into training camp it's open, wide open."
On whether any cap space remains, "We have used every last dollar."
On Justise Winslow, "Justise is going to compete like crazy to start. And Josh [Richardson] will, Dion all of them. When we come into training camp it's open, wide open."
On letting what the Heat have grown, "I think the team deserves a chance to grow organically."
He said homecourt in the first round of the playoffs is a goal, "There are other teams in the conference but we feel good."
On Bam Adebayo, "I think we have seen exactly what we saw and why we drafted him. He's super-athletic."
But he warned no one should feel too comfortable, "If something comes along along the way, there are assets."
On possibly signing a player to a two-way contract soon, "I do think there is a possibility that this week or next week we might sign one."
CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns.
iwinderman@sunsentinel.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
For daily Heat mailbag go to sun-sentinel.com/askira
Collection GratefulDead
Set 1
Alabama Getaway > The Greatest Story Ever Told > Sugaree, Me & My Uncle > Mexicali Blues, Shakedown Street, Little Red Rooster, Althea, Looks Like Rain > Deal
Set 2
Samson & Delilah, Ship Of Fools, Estimated Prophet > He's Gone > The Other One > Drums# > Not Fade Away* > Wharf Rat* > Around & Around* > Good Lovin'*
E: One More Saturday Night*
The Who Opened
* - w/ Pete Townshend
# - w/ The Flying Karamozov Brothers
Notes
ep 2016
A fresh 2016 rip from original off-air master. Taken from the UK live broadcast, includes descriptive DJ comments over 'Drums' as the Karamazov Bros take the stage, and over the intro
to 'Not Fade Away' as Townshend comes on stage.
Similar to a previous upload, improved upon by 24-bit transfer, lack of "Some glitches, FM statics and clicks throughout",
and recorded at 7.5ips as opposed to 3.75
Identifier gd1981-03-28.136977.FM-UK.flac24 Lineage FM broadcast -> Master Reel on Revox B77; Playback Lineage: Master Reel on same Revox B77 -> Alesis Masterlink ML9600 @ 24/88 -> AIFF -> Foobar2000 to FLAC Location Essen, Germany Run time 192:57.964 Source Recording Type sound Venue Grugahalle Year 1981
BEIJING (Reuters) - A North Korean envoy told China's president on Friday that his reclusive country was willing to take “positive actions” to ensure peace and stability on the Korean peninsula, as China steps up diplomatic efforts to bring Pyongyang back to talks.
Choe Ryong-hae (C), director of the General Political Bureau of the Korean People's Army (KPA) of North Korea, walks with Chinese Ambassador Liu Hongcai (2nd R) before departing Pyongyang airport for China, in this May 22, 2013 picture released by the North Korea's KCNA news agency in Pyongyang. REUTERS/KCNA (
But Choe Ryong-hae, a special envoy of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, made no offer to abandon North Korea's nuclear program. The United States insists North Korea takes meaningful steps on denuclearization before there can be dialogue.
Choe met Chinese officials, including President Xi Jinping, in the highest-ranking visit by an official from Pyongyang in about six months.
Chinese state media said Choe presented a hand-written letter from Kim to Xi at Beijing's Great Hall of the People. Media provided no details of its contents.
“North Korea is willing to make joint efforts with all parties to appropriately resolve related issues through multilateral dialogue and consultations like the six-party talks, and maintain peace and stability on the peninsula,” the official Xinhua news service cited Choe as telling Xi.
“To this end, North Korea is willing to take positive actions,” Choe added.
Xi told Choe that the denuclearization of the peninsula was an aspiration of all peoples and an inevitable trend, saying problems should be resolved through talks.
“China hopes all sides exercise calm and restraint, push for a lessening of tensions, restart the six-party talks process and make unremitting efforts ... for long-lasting peace and stability,” Xi said.
China has repeatedly urged North Korea to return to the so-called six party talks process, aimed at denuclearization.
The United States and its allies believe the North violated a 2005 aid-for-denuclearization deal by conducting a nuclear test in 2006 and pursuing a uranium enrichment program that would give it a second path to a nuclear weapon in addition to its plutonium-based program.
The six-party aid-for-disarmament talks, involving the two Koreas, the United States, Japan, Russia and host China, collapsed in 2008 when the North walked away from the deal.
China, North Korea's only real ally, has been pushing for a return to talks after weeks of bellicose words from Pyongyang following new United Nations sanctions after the North's third nuclear test in February.
Russia welcomed North Korea's declaration of readiness to return to talks and said it deserved a “a positive assessment”, the Interfax news agency quoted Russian Foreign Ministry special envoy Grigory Logvinov as saying.
China has looked on nervously at the ratcheting up of tension, fearful a misstep could plunge the peninsula into war which could envelop northeastern China.
IMPATIENCE
Fan Chonglong, vice chairman of China's Central Military Commission, expressed that worry in a meeting with Choe.
“In recent years, the state of affairs around the Korean peninsula nuclear issue frequently turns into one escalation of tensions after another,” China's Xinhua state news agency quoted Fan as saying.
“The conflicting strategies of all parties have intensified, jeopardizing peace,” Fan said.
China has increasingly expressed its impatience with North Korea, signing up for the new U.N. sanctions and curtailing Chinese banks' contacts with their North Korean counterparts.
Choe told Fan that peace could not be assured although North Korea wanted it in order to build the country, and it was willing to work with all sides in solving problems, Xinhua said.
“The situation on the Korean peninsula and in Northeast Asia is complex and extraordinary, and there is no guarantee of peace,” Choe was quoted as saying.
Cai Jian, a North Korean expert at Shanghai's Fudan University, said that while such high-level contact between the two countries was important, especially following the chilling of ties, he did not see a quick resumption of six-party talks.
“The U.S. says if North Korea doesn't clearly renounce its nuclear program, it won't return to the six-party talks. But if the international community doesn't hold peace talks with North Korea, then North Korea will use that time to develop its nuclear weapons and missiles,” Cai said.
Choe and his entourage spent three days in Beijing in full military regalia, in contrast to the mostly civilian leaders he met, though he changed out of his uniform to meet Xi.
“Sending Choe in military uniforms as an envoy to China means North Korea still wants to stick to their right to have a nuclear arsenal,” said Chang Yong-seok, a senior researcher at the Institute for Peace Affairs at Seoul National University.
Choe was dispatched at this time because North Korea is mindful of Xi's talks with U.S. President Barack Obama in early June, Chang said.
Related Coverage Russia welcomes North Korea's readiness for dialogue
Xi is due to hold his first meeting with Obama in the United States and North Korea is expected to be high on the agenda.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye plans to make a state visit to China at the end of June, presidential spokeswoman Kim Haing said on Friday.
“Though China says it can't do everything alone, China still is a country that can exercise considerable influence” over North Korea, Park said during a meeting with U.S. security experts on Thursday.
The World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Margaret Chan has pledged to continue to uphold the one-China principle, as she met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday at the WHO headquarters in Geneva.
Xi commended the WHO for adhering to the one-China principle. The principle holds that there is only one sovereign state of “China” encompassing both mainland China and Taiwan, though neither government recognises the other as legitimate.
Since 2009, Taiwan has been an observer at the WHO under the name “Chinese Taipei” under an agreement between then-Taiwanese president Ma Ying-jeou, the Chinese government, and the WHO under Chan's leadership. Last May, its decision-making body, the World Health Assembly, mentioned for the first time the one-China principle in its invitation to Taiwanese delegates.
Chan said the WHO will strengthen cooperation with China and continue to firmly pursue the one-China principle. She also noted that China's health care reform serves as a role-model for other countries in achieving Universal Health Coverage, a cornerstone for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals, the WHO said in a statement.
Xi also welcomed the organisation's participation in China's “One Belt, One Road” initiative, promising to build a “healthy silk road” together with the UN agency. He presented as a gift a statue highlighting acupuncture, a form of traditional Chinese medicine.
Meanwhile, Xi's wife Peng Liyuan received awards from the WHO and the Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS for her advocacy work on HIV and tuberculosis prevention.
This is the first time a Chinese president has visited the WHO headquarters, RTHK reported. Chan met Xi in Beijing last July.
Chan is a Hong Kong-Canadian physician and has been serving the WHO as the Director-General representing China since 2006. Her term ends in June.
Chan headed the Hong Kong Department of Health between 1994 and 2003. During her tenure as health director, she attracted heavy criticism from lawmakers, SARS victims and their family for believing in misleading information from the Chinese authorities, and for not acting fast enough.
An expert report commissioned by the government concluded that Chan was not at fault but rather Hong Kong's health care system was to blame.
Ex-Oklahoma lawmaker Ralph Shortey has agreed to plead guilty, and is expected to admit seeking sex from a teenage boy. In exchange, three child porn charges will be dropped, his attorney Ed Blau told KOCO5 in a Saturday report.
On March 8, he started chatting with an underage boy on the instant messenger app Kik, according to his federal indictment.
“I need money for spring break,” wrote the boy, identified in court docs as John Doe.
“I don't really have any legitimate things I need help with right now,” Shortey wrote, according to the indictment. “Would you be interested in ‘sexual' stuff?”
They set up a meeting for sex at a Super 8 Motel. The teen's father called cops about his son being missing, and being seen entering a hotel room with a man. Cops discovered the boy and the Republican lawmaker at a room, said court docs. There, police discovered Shortey's backpack containing an opened box of condoms and a laptop computer.
The ex-politician, who resigned from office shortly after his arrest, is expected to admit to one count of child sex trafficking. In exchange, federal prosecutors will drop one count of production of child pornography and two counts of transportation of child pornography. The indictment said Shortey got at least one picture of the teen boy's genitals, and he emailed illicit videos depicting other minors.
[Screengrab via KOCO5]
Share. How No Man's Sky is opening up a once-niche genre to a new breed of space jockeys. How No Man's Sky is opening up a once-niche genre to a new breed of space jockeys.
It feels a smidge strange to describe Star Citizen as niche. The long-gestating rebirth of the Chris Roberts-style space simulator crossed the $100 million mark late last year. That “mark” is crowdfunded dollars, too, meaning there's $100+ million of demand from a PC-exclusive audience eager to return to the stars with Roberts at the helm.
If you sit Hello Games' similarly themed indie title next to Star Citizen, it somehow feels more ambitious than Roberts' offering, if only in terms of a very simple distinction: No Man's Sky is targeting mainstream audiences.
Put simply, the space simulator isn't a mainstream genre. Hell, the term ‘simulator' is synonymous with a high barrier of entry, steep learning curve, and games from the genre are aimed at a technically minded player base looking to experience what it feels like to fly a jet. Pilot a chopper. Control a submarine. Launch into space.
You get the gist.
To give you an idea of how hardcore simulators can be, I recall being a stupid kid and testing my printer's half-life in a single job by churning out a 534-page manual for attack-chopper simulator DCS: Black Shark. To this day, I still can't look at a tree without feeling guilty.
Unlike Black Shark, Star Citizen doesn't require you to memorise 30-odd command inputs to get your ship off the ground, but it's still hardcore in terms of the manual control a player can exert over a spaceship. Add first-person shooting, trading, a persistent world, and the ability to seamlessly enter and leave the surfaces of planets, and Star Citizen ups the ante in terms of what it has to offer in terms of an as-realistic-as-it-can-be sci-fi experience.
Step over into the No Man's Sky universe, and you can have a similar experience, albeit in an infinitely more accessible way. For starters, it's multiplatform and, at least as far as Sony is concerned, it's something of a flagship indie product for the PlayStation 4 (sorry Xbox owners: no No Man's Sky for you). PC players can get lost in the sim-lite game on the birthplace of simulators, while PS4 owners can also have a taste of space-simming, too.
Players searching for depth in terms of nuanced control over spaceships should definitely warp over to the Star Citizen galaxy, or the Elite: Dangerous universe on PC. Granted, Xbox One players can get their hands on the joystick of Elite: Dangerous, but it's at the expense of a greater level of manual control. Let's take a moment to break that down.
In Star Citizen, you need only look as far as the default key bindings for an idea of how overwhelming that level of control is for a first-time pilot. Out of 99 potential keys on a standard keyboard, only 27 are left without a particular function. Oh, and that doesn't include mouse input and buttons, as well as the reality that left ‘Ctrl', right ‘Alt' and ‘Caps' are modifier keys that extend keystroke functionality beyond those initial 72 keyboard input options.
To aid in making that somewhat less intimidating, players can learn a list of basic voice commands to help make that depth of control more intuitive. The same is true of Elite: Dangerous on PC. Short of investing in expensive and near-comprehensive flight sticks, players can make use of hardware they likely have lying around. In terms of a practical example, a game pad's joysticks can be used for pitch, yaw and thrust controls, while the triggers and buttons can be used for dogfighting. Keyboard and mouse is useful for having access to deeper systems control, as required, and a microphone can be used for basic commands.
For No Man's Sky, the execution of its accessibility is in the simplicity of how it plays, which isn't to say there's a lack of depth beyond this. From what I've played, the controls are incredibly intuitive, whether flying, dogfighting, or traversing the surface of a mathematically spawned planet. It all controls like a straightforward shooter, even if the depth of the design goals err closer to hardcore than mainstream.
The lay-gamer might accuse simulated experiences of being boring, particularly if, say, the concept of flying a commercial plane across continents in real-time reads like a yawn-worthy affair. In No Man's Sky, by design, about 90% of what you encounter should be relatively rudimentary. In my experience, this translated to two out of the three planets I visited being covered in pea soup fog, which made aerial reconnaissance for points of particular interest damn near impossible.
By embracing the mundane, Hello Games hopes to dazzle with the remaining 10% of planets that it promises will be truly special. Still, when dealing with trillions of potential planets, that leaves a lot of space for billions of locales to be less than stellar. Where No Man Sky differs in comparison to Elite: Dangerous and Star Citizen is in its unique and stylised visual presentation. While Star Citizen seeks to create realistic graphics in CryEngine, No Man's Sky looks to mimic the inherent visual appeal of vintage sci-fi novel covers to create spaces that demand to be explored.
Like Star Citizen and Elite: Dangerous, pilots in No Man's Sky are able to seamlessly travel from space to planet surface, and back out again, without dealing with loading screens. Where No Man Sky differs from those two former titles though, is its depth comes from a gameplay loop that revolves around player curiosity and linking game mechanics across four core pillars.
In basic Hello Games terms, these pillars translate to trading, fighting, exploring and surviving. It's a deliberate oversimplification that's designed to paint a picture for an eager player base that's still trying to figure out what No Man's Sky is all about. Even after half an hour of hands-on time with it, I am still trying to figure that out in many respects.
That said, it's clear that Hello Games has put a lot of time into creating a game that's simple to learn and fascinating to plumb. Even breaking down those four pillars in terms of my experience reveals a surprising amount of complexity.
For instance, trading could be interpreted as exchanging items with a variety of alien races for mutual benefit. In No Man's Sky, however, trading with an alien merchant isn't as straightforward as browsing wares in a Fallout fashion. Instead, you'll have to either spend time learning individual words of alien dialect to make sense of what's being said, or guess the correct response to something that might be deemed culturally inappropriate and result in you missing out on a sweet terrain-deforming firearm that's ripped straight out of the Red Faction weapon design manual.
In terms of exploration, this can take place on any number of trillions of planets. Or in space. Or in the elusive cave networks that undermine the surface of particular planets. Fighting could mean aggressively attacking defending planetary sentinels and dealing with the consequences of a GTA-like renown system. Alternatively, it could mean inadvertently attracting the wrath of those same sentinels because you were forced to mine planetary resources key to your survival.
Fighting could also mean defending yourself against an interstellar interloper who attacks you upon leaving a planet's surface, and must be destroyed before you can warp away to your next destination. It could also mean attacking a fleet of space traders. Within these combat systems, survival is implied, but survival is a component that's also faced every time you land on a planet that's too hot, too cold, or too hostile in terms of its procedurally generated fauna.
“ No Man's Sky shoots traditional simulator tropes out of the airlock in favour of a gameplay loop that revolves around encouraging and rewarding player curiosity.
On top of this, as far as I'm aware, there's not even a core storyline: simply a Journey-like motivation to travel from the edge of space to the centre of the universe. Except Hello Games doesn't want you to do that, which is why, if you allow it to happen, you'll be distracted a trillion times along the way. This is the whole point of the game: sating the fundamental curiosity of knowing what's over the next hill, on the next planet, or orbiting the next sun.
Sure, this exploration is part of the gameplay formula for Star Citizen and Elite: Dangerous, but it's almost the entire point of No Man's Sky. Where Star Citizen and Elite: Dangerous provide simulated space adventures, No Man's Sky shoots traditional simulator tropes out of the airlock in favour of a gameplay loop that revolves around encouraging and rewarding player curiosity.
If players find that No Man's Sky is lacking in terms of the technical component, there are multiple options in Star Citizen and Elite: Dangerous. But for those curious about what it's like to travel the stars without having to feel like they have to go through flight school first, there's No Man's Sky.
Nathan Lawrence is a freelance writer based in Sydney. Track him down on Twitter.
A young man was found murdered in Orlando. The man's body was found close to a bike trail near Messina Avenue. He had been shot and set on fire. Bob Kealing (@bobkealingwesh) has the latest update.
Advertisement Police: Body found along Orlando bike trail was set on fire Detectives need help identifying homicide victim Share Copy Link Copy
Detectives are asking for help identifying the man whose body was found burned along an Orlando bike trail early Monday.Officers were called to the 1700 block of Messina Avenue to investigate a report of gunfire around 2 a.m., but police couldn't find a crime scene.Around 4:30 a.m., someone reported a body along a nearby bike trail, northeast of Eagle Nest Park.Susan Jonathon jogs the stretch of trail where the man's body was found. Upon hearing the news, Jonathon said this is a reminder of why she is never on the isolated stretch after dark."I pray for whoever was sick enough to do this and I hope they get help," Jonathon said.Another resident, identified only as Nica, said she awoke to the sound of her dogs barking around 2:15 a.m. She then heard a volley of gunshots around 2:30 a.m. coming from beyond her fenced in backyard."It sounded like six to seven. I saw my life flashing in front of me. I saw my children's lives flash in front of me, due to the fact that it was so close to the home," Nica said.Nica said she could not see anything because it was very dark beyond her yard along the trail. She said she did not see anything, but her husband spotted something when he left around 4 a.m. to ride his bike to work."On his way to work, he takes the back trail and he noticed a body was on fire. He was freaking out. I said, 'Are you coming home?' He said, 'No,' and told me to call 911," Nica said.Police confirmed the victim was shot. Police said on Nov. 8 there was another shooting incident not far away from where the man's body was found. Nica said frequent gunfire, and now this murder, has shaken her sense of security."Called 911. I'm not feeling safe here at all right now," Nica said.Police, who have yet to identify the man, are appealing to the public for help figuring out who he is. The victim was described as a black man, about 5 feet 10 inches tall, thin and muscular, and about 20 years old.Authorities wouldn't say whether they're searching for any suspects, but they are treating this as a homicide investigation.14277264
President Obama on Friday took a shot at the NFL for failing to confront domestic violence and other controversial issues quickly enough, saying pro football has been plagued by an “old boys network” that has kept the league from making necessary progress on some social issues.
Speaking on “The Herd with Colin Cowherd” on ESPN Radio, the president praised NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell for instituting new policies on domestic abuse on the heels of the Ray Rice controversy and other recent incidents.
But overall, Mr. Obama said, the NFL has a long way to go.
“The way it was handled also indicates the NFL was behind the curve, as a lot of institutions have been behind the curve in sending a clear message. You don't want to be winging it when something like this happens. You want to have clear policies in place,” the president said on Mr. Cowherd's show, the first of three radio interviews Mr. Obama will participate on Friday.
“There has been a little bit of an old boys network in terms of how it operates,” Mr. Obama continued, speaking of the NFL. “There have been some blind spots that are rooted not just in pro football but dating back to college football and certain behaviors have been tolerated historically that really should not have been tolerated. Hopefully this is a wake-up call.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
UCLA takes a 59-0 blow
BYU's Hall throws seven touchdown passes and Bruins take a big step backward, suffering their worst loss since 1929.
"We're going to test 'relentlessly optimistic,' " Neuheisel said after UCLA's worst loss since 1929. "But we knew it would be tested."
An embarrassing 59-0 loss to Brigham Young was a big indication of that, and left first-year Coach Rick Neuheisel offering up his favorite catch phrase in a different light.
There may come a day when the football monopoly in Los Angeles is over, but for now UCLA has enough trouble passing "Go."
It was Saturday.
Tested and failed.
Brigham Young's Max Hall passed for six touchdowns and UCLA turned the ball over three times and had a field-goal attempt blocked.
And that was only in the first half.
By the time the 18th-ranked Cougars (3-0) had put on the finishing touches at LaVell Edwards Stadium, Hall had a school-record-tying seven touchdown passes, and the Bruins had quite a long must-improve-on-this list.
"We have to really work on the faults we had in this game," defensive end Korey Bosworth said. "This game is past, it's over, we can't dwell on it."
It was hardly the ideal bounce the Bruins (1-1) needed heading into conference play next week against Arizona. UCLA coaches and players will dissect the game film over the next couple of days, but they were already certain what they were going to see.
"A butt whoopin'. We got our butts whooped," linebacker Reggie Carter said. "I'm going home, go to sleep, and tomorrow forget about it. It will be on my mind a little bit because we'll have to watch film. After that, we have to get ready for Arizona."
Saturday's game was a chance for UCLA to show that its 27-24 season-opening upset over Tennessee was more than an anomaly. Instead, the Bruins showed that they haven't improved much since taking a 44-6 drubbing at Utah last season.
That game was the harbinger for a disappointing season that cost Karl Dorrell his job.
Neuheisel arrived and has preached relentless optimism in his first season.
There was little of that to be found in the rubble of the Bruins' worst defeat since losing to USC, 76-0, 79 years ago.
"We always strive on trying to keep people out of the end zone and that didn't happen today in any stretch of the imagination," defensive coordinator DeWayne Walker said. "It was a very humbling experience."
The message written on the board in the Bruins' locker room afterward read: "Adversity builds character."
There was plenty to build on.
The defense was picked apart by Hall. The offense gained nine yards rushing and turned the ball over three times. The special teams lost a fumble and had a field-goal attempt blocked.
Greetings, Cryatists! Sorry that we missed the second bus last month and early this one, but we wanted to make an announcement, amidst all this demo talk. This update is going to be pretty informational, but we'll try and keep it as brief as possible.
Current Developments!
So a lot has been whipped up since the last update. Let's go down a really quick list really quick:
Weapons! They're being tested accordingly. We have the Spear and Matchlock Pistols in the build right now and we're tweaking them so they feel great in combat, and we're going to be tossing in the Fists, Crossbow, and Axe next.
Bosses! Our boss system is in and we're testing boss patterns, sequences, and attacks. We're essentially at a state where we can just drop in the boss sprite assets, set up the sequences, and tweak accordingly.
Gameplay! Right now we're concentrating very hard on the core gameplay experience. Our test sessions have led to us agreeing that some aspects are kinda monotonous, specifically with the combat. Of course, we don't have all of the abilities in so we may not be seeing the big picture here, which is going to be the main driving force of the gameplay. We want you to be able to slam a Rock Fist into a shielded enemy breaking its defenses while launching Wind blades towards another putting offensive pressure on you, and feeling really good. So you're going to start seeing more ability play soon. We don't want to share everything, of course, but you will definitely get a feel for the flow of gameplay in that upcoming demo.
So still a lot to do, but it's safe to say that we're sitting pretty good over here. We're continuing to go over the entirety of the game and cut out anything that seems excessive and dull, and polish, polish, polish. There are a lot of changes going on under the hood in reference to the quest aspect of the game, too. We don't want too much backtracking, ultra-tedious puzzles, and an overwhelming amount of things to collect. We'll comment more on the specifics of that in a later update, but for now we'll just share a short video showcasing some of the “upgrades” since the last one.
(Please note that everything you see is all part of testing things out. So for example, when you see Bliss running the Inn, note that she's technically not supposed to be there. This goes for animations and everything else.)
A Recap, and Looking Toward the Future
Let's give a recap of development: In March 2013, we were funded, and development started full-on. It was a momentous occasion! One year later, in March 2014, we announced that we had to move the game's targeted release date to “TBD”. This meant that we had to start watching our remaining financial resources carefully, since at that time we'd been in development for a full year, and we grossly miscalculated our completion date. Even though a few of us on the team shipped games before, this is our first commercial development outing collectively, so we were a bit too bright-eyed, to say the least. Around this time, we also were forced to cut back and work on the game part-time, as we only had a bit of funds left for development time, and the rest was reserved for reward fulfillment.
Some of the general public were not pleased that we had to change our release date, but the reality is, the ins and outs of indie game development are tricky to navigate. Balancing cost and scope, not to mention PR and production, we were able to keep afloat for almost two years off our initial funding… However, we knew we needed to do something before the funds ran out! As such, since May 2014, we have been maintaining correspondence with a fantastic publisher, one of which everyone on the core team has had a personal experience with for many years. They had initially reached out to us, in fact, and expressed interest in helping us finish the game, and as the courting process played out, we knew we had found our publisher:
As of this moment, we are thrilled to announce that NostalgiCO has partnered up with Atlus to ensure Cryamore will be released summer 2016, as previously stated a few months back.
What Does This Mean?
We're sure you have a bevy of questions (we did too when we were first approached!), so let's break it down. First, the perks:
Quality Assurance! It's probably the biggest perk. We want Cryamore to be the best product it can be. Before they contacted us, we hadn't even made plans for game-testing, and they had already proven to be very resourceful when it came to giving us feedback and suggestions on heavy build-testing and bug reporting. And they do it fast!
It's probably the biggest perk. We want to be the best product it can be. Before they contacted us, we hadn't even made plans for game-testing, and they had already proven to be very resourceful when it came to giving us feedback and suggestions on heavy build-testing and bug reporting. And they do it fast! Marketing and PR! They will take care of all the important public news stuff, outside of what we share here on Kickstarter and our dev blog/Twitter account. This will help boost Cryamore's visibility, give the title access to more featured news portals and sites, and give us more time to focus on development!
They will take care of all the important public news stuff, outside of what we share here on Kickstarter and our dev blog/Twitter account. This will help boost visibility, give the title access to more featured news portals and sites, and give us more time to focus on development! Distribution! They're already connected with Steam, GoG, and first-parties (Nintendo, Microsoft, Sony), which alleviates a major burden from us!
It has been a blast working with them so far, and we look forward to wrapping this up with them! And now, let's try to deal with any concerns you might have:
“Oh no, does this mean that the game is getting gutted/losing original vision/will be taken over now!?” Not at all! We retain full control of our IP and the development process. The entire reason Atlus reached out to us in the first place was because they liked the property, not because they wanted to overhaul it! Rest assured, this is purely a publishing deal.
Not at all! We retain full control of our IP and the development process. The entire reason Atlus reached out to us in the first place was because they liked the property, not because they wanted to overhaul it! Rest assured, this is purely a publishing deal. Platforms Will Change Though! Because we are now releasing in 2016, it was mutually agreed upon that we need to rethink our release platforms. As such, Cryamore will be released on PC, Mac, Linux, Xbox One, PS4, and the Wii U. You will be free to switch your initial platform preference to whichever choice you like. Also, we are finding that the title is a bit too complex for touch devices, so the iOS and Android versions are likely to be cut from the initial release, so we can focus on the primary platforms.
Because we are now releasing in 2016, it was mutually agreed upon that we need to rethink our release platforms. As such, will be released on PC, Mac, Linux, Xbox One, PS4, and the Wii U. You will be free to switch your initial platform preference to whichever choice you like. Also, we are finding that the title is a bit too complex for touch devices, so the iOS and Android versions are likely to be cut from the initial release, so we can focus on the primary platforms. “What is going to change about the project here on Kickstarter?” Nothing at all. We're going to do our best to keep up and give you information involving the game's development right here, as always.
Nothing at all. We're going to do our best to keep up and give you information involving the game's development right here, as always. “What about my rewards?” Everyone who backed the game for a specific reward (for example, the game itself) is still going to receive their reward! You will not have to pay again (unless you want to pay for another copy, which we wouldn't mind). This also does not change anything regarding physical rewards, such as the art book, figurines, etc. DRM-free will still be an option, as well.
Why did we choose Atlus?
Well, we collectively feel that Cryamore fits right at home with Atlus' core demographic, and Atlus felt this way too. As hinted previously, we have been fans of their catalog of games for decades, so it seems only natural to choose them. We've been contacted by many other publishers during the past 2 and a half years, but their enthusiasm and mutual respect made them feel like the right fit for our team.
Are we still considered “Indie"?
Very much so! They are not giving us an extra army of staff and a corporate-friendly coffee machine for our office break room (though a coffee machine would be nice… even a break room would be nice!). We are still working the same as we were; just back to full-time and without the headache of worrying about those publishing pitfalls that Atlus is better suited to handling for us! This benefits us just as much as it do you guys! Cryamore will, indeed, see the light of day!
In short, this has been and continues to be a thrilling experience, ups and downs included, with you guys here on Kickstarter, and we will continue to do our best to make the final version of Cryamore as good as it is in our heads and in your expectations. We thank you all so much for your continued support, your patience, and your faith in us. We promise that when the dust settles, it will all have been well worth the journey! And we want to thank Atlus for throwing in an extra helping hand!
(Also, Atlus will put up their own official statement at some point… We just couldn't resist sharing our excitement with our fans! Expect to hear a lot more about this partnership, from both parties!)
So That Demo…
We are going to polish the playable demo up further and release it in October. We're sorry for continuing to push it back! We just want to make sure when you finish it, you'll crave more of it.
And on that note, we shall get back to work. Until next time!
-NostalgiCO Crew
RALEIGH, N.C. — Throughout December, the LGBT Center of Raleigh has been promoting a special end-of-year giving campaign to support the work of its Transgender Initiative. The program provides support, education, activism, awareness and health and wellness resources, among other assistance, to transgender community members.
Raising awareness has also been a touchstone of the giving campaign, as it shares the stories and experiences of community members like Paige.
- - - advertisement - - -
“Even after I moved to the Raleigh-Durham area, it was not easy for me to come out and transition,” Paige writes in the center's latest installment. “While I found sympathy in new friendships, finding other people like myself was a challenge. I worked for some major companies with internal LGBT employee groups, but few, if any out transgender people participated. I found a small support group in the local area, but so few people participated, it was hard to get the support that I was looking for. In part, it wasn't much better than being back home and communicating with people online.”
Paige says the LGBT Center of Raleigh has helped to build “a vibrant and visible transgender community in the Triangle,” and says the group's Transgender Initiative provided that foundation.
- - - advertisement - - -
“We can be a beacon of hope to the transgender community both locally and nationally,” Paige writes.
All of the funds donated to the Center before the end of the year will be directed to the Transgender Initiative. Donations are tax-deductible. To learn more and read more community stories, visit lgbtcenterofraleigh.com/about-the-center/center-stories.html.
56 SHARES Facebook Twitter
- - - advertisement - - -
Posted by Matt Comer is a staff writer for QNotes. He previously served as editor from October 2007 through August 2015.
No real-world human being brings to the U.S. presidency the range of attributes necessary for full success in the job. In principle a president should be great at: formal oratory before vast audiences; informal persuasiveness in small groups; high-speed fact-absorption and analytical intelligence; slow-paced, unhurried deliberation; understanding both the past and the future; exercising both IQ and EQ; delegating duties; maintaining physical and emotional stamina; knowing and managing his or her own impulses; and on through a nearly infinite list. No one has all these skills. Therefore the best we can expect from the real people who hold the job is that they recognize their limits and try to address or offset them.
Yesterday I argued that George W. Bush's combination of traits was particularly unfortunate for the choices he had to make in the 18 months between the 9/11 attacks and the invasion of Iraq. Joseph Britt of Wisconsin, who has worked as an aide to a Republican U.S. senator, writes about one of the attributes I mentioned -- Bush's apparent desire to be decisive even in areas about which he was not deeply informed:
Per your observations on G. W. Bush's decisiveness, I wonder if you have ever noted an interesting contradiction in the Bush administration's record.
No American President, with the possible exceptions of those who faced civil (Lincoln) or global (Franklin Roosevelt) war, ever made claims for Presidential authority and prerogatives as sweeping as the last President Bush did. Yet in practice, Bush yielded more Presidential authority to selected subordinates than any President since Wilson had his stroke.
The war on terrorism was effectively run by Vice President Cheney after 9/11. Both Bush's Secretaries of Defense were left all but unsupervised with respect to war policy -- apart from the Bremer period in Iraq, when Bush gave the former ambassador a free hand to make decisions no one else wanted to make. Perhaps most striking of all was Bush's unqualified delegation of executive power to his Treasury Secretary at the end of his tenure. We might with justice refer to most of 2008 as the time of the Paulson administration.
For all the airs he put on as "The Decider," Bush was in many respects an extraordinarily weak President. The ignorance and intellectual laziness you spoke of often drove his decisiveness toward finding someone else to make decisions.
Context for this discussion and some upcoming items in the queue: not Bush himself, who has been admirably low-profile since leaving office, but our general understanding of the wars America launched 10 years ago this month.
It was first reported in 2010 that the pillars of Kolkata's landmark Howrah bridge were being used as spittoons by pedestrians who chewed gutkha – a tobacco product popular with millions in India.
Engineers who surveyed the cantilever structure then reported that the struts supporting the girders of the bridge had already lost half of their metal casing: The corrosion was apparently caused by acids in the gutkha.
Soon the Lions Club of Howrah launched a “Save Howrah Bridge from Spit” campaign urging people not to spit on the bridge.
The campaign spread across the city of Kolkata, where reddish-brown gutkha stains are visible almost everywhere — pavements, streets, office staircases, business houses, and residential complexes. Prominent citizens of Kolkata joined the campaign in an effort to rid the city of the ugly stains.
Gutkha is a commercially produced pre-packaged mixture of crushed betel nut, tobacco, lime, paraffin, and other “secret” ingredients, many of which are carcinogenic and addictive.
Some brands of gutkha also contain lead, arsenic, chromium, nickel, and cadmium, which are as bad as nicotine. To make its shelf life longer, magnesium carbonate – which is used in fire extinguishers and is a known carcinogen – is also added to gutkha.
Activists reported about a year ago that one-third of men and one-fifth of women across India are addicted to chewing tobacco and gutkha was its most popular form.
Because of its candy-like flavor and dirt-cheap prices — 4 to 6 cents per sachet — gutkha has become increasingly popular among children, who chew and even eat it. An estimated 5 million of India's children are addicted to gutkha, and every day another 5,000 try it for the first time, according to reports last year by the American Cancer Society.
Research indicates that tobacco kills 1 million Indians annually and that gutkha alone leads to 80,000 cases of oral cancer every year — the highest incidence in the world. In recent years an anti-gutkha campaign has picked up steam across the country with several nongovernment organizations lobbying for a ban on gutkha.
In August 2011, India's Food Safety and Standard Authority issued a regulation declaring that no foodstuff, including gutkha, could contain tobacco. Last year some states began following the order by banning gutkha.
With Andhra Pradesh and Odisha states having banned it earlier this month, the manufacture and sale of the product has now been prohibited in 17 of India's 28 states and 3 of the 7 union territories (UTs), including New Delhi. However, reports in many local newspapers suggest that gutkha is being smuggled from other regions and is still being sold in many states.
Kolkata-based anti-gutkha campaigner Sekharesh Ghoshal said that states and union territories should cooperate and ban the tobacco in the national interest.
“Sachets of gutkha display a warning that it's dangerous for health. Yet gutkha users do not pay any attention to such health risks and keep on chewing it,” says Dr. Ghoshal.
“Unless gutkha is banned and actually made unavailable in the market, you cannot stop people from using it. A ban only in parts of the country is of no help.”
But in many states the gutkha companies are fighting the ban by taking the local government to court.
They argue that gutkha is a tobacco product that cannot be classified as a foodstuff, and therefore cannot be banned. Still, courts in most states have upheld the ban.
Bela Naskar, the mother of two child addicts in a slum in Kolkata, says she vehemently supports a ban on gutkha.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“My 10- and 13-year-old sons have been into gutkha for some years. They take several sachets of it every day. It's bad for their health. But they don't listen to my warnings.”
“We really need a ban on gutkha in our state,” Ms. Naskar says. “Otherwise I shall not be able to rid my children from this dangerous addiction.”
Stone Brewing Co looks to be celebrating 10 years of brewing their popular palate ruining hop bomb. Ruination Tenth Anniversary IPA is coming.
In June 2002, we released Stone Ruination IPA. Bigger, hoppier, & much much much more bitter than the popular beers of the day. In fact, back then it was on the outer fringe of craft brewing. So, in a bid to warn folks of the bitter impact of our ‘liquid Poem to the Glory of the Hop,” we named it Stone Ruination IPA, for its extraordinarily bitter, “ruinous effect” on the palate. People thought we were nuts. Nobody would want such a bitter beer. You see, in June 2002, only a tiny handful of breweries either had bottled a double IPA as a limited release or had one on tap at their brewpub Without realizing it, we'd made a bit of history, as our new beer proved to be the first full-time brewed e bottled double IPA on the planet How things have changed. Today, double IPAs are brewed by literally hundreds of craft breweries all off the world. Incredible. Delicious. And incredibly delicious. No, we didn't create the double IPA style. That honor's been attributed to our old friend Vinnie Cilurzo, who produced his Blind Pig 1st Anniversary IPA in 1996 in nearby Temecula, CA (the same year Stone opened]. We then picked up the double IPA baton with our successively-ever-bigger-and-hoppier Stone 2nd thru 5th Anniversary IPAs [1998-2011.] Ultimately, in 2002 we blended those recipes to create Stone Ruination IPA, if for no other reason than we simply wanted that big, hoppy character available to us all year 'round. Turned out you did, too! Today Stone Ruination IPA is one of the best selling double IPAs in the world, thanks to you, so we brewed this special version to celebrate.
Style: Imperial IPA
Arrival: June (Based on Ruination's orignal release?)
Availability: 22oz bombers, (Draft?)
10% ABV
This blog is brought to you by the folks at:
Subscribe to Love Freo
Who we are, who are we? Love Freo is the pooled musings of a collective of people living in Fremantle. We write about stuff that we like and hope that you like it too.
Categories Categories Select Category 101912 (1) Arts and Culture (404) Architecture (21) Art (50) Artists Talks (1) Craft (3) Dance (8) Design (19) Exhibitions (75) Fashion (6) Festivals (61) Film (14) Heritage (16) Literature (6) Museums (1) Music (81) Performance (10) Photography (30) Street Art (110) Talks (1) Television (1) Theatre (10) Awards (7) Competitions (12) Development (23) Drink Freo (54) Eat Freo (101) Entertainment (32) Goings On (192) Gig Guide (7) Link (2) Love Freo products (4) Love Locals (1) Media (3) News (10) Non-Profit & Charity (20) Oddities (67) Quotes (2) Shopping (78) Food (26) Markets (31) Sale (7) Sport (9) The Outdoors (76) Beach Life (27) The Enviroment (8) Weather (17) Things To Do (135) Thoughts (35)
Story highlights The suspect is identified as Abu Jundal
Investigators believe Jundal was on the phone coordinating the attack from Pakistan
Indian forces killed nine of the 10 gunmen and later put the lone survivor on trial.
A key suspect in the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks that killed more than 160 people has been apprehended, Indian authorities said Tuesday.
The Indian-born man, known as Abu Jundal, was recently arrested in New Delhi, said public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam.
"He was a key conspirator, who abetted the attack and carried out the planning," according to Nikam, who did not say when the arrest was made.
Investigators believe Jundal was on the phone coordinating the attack from Pakistan as 10 gunmen staged the bloody three-day siege throughout India's commercial capital.
"He was there in the terror control room," Nikam said. "His voice was intercepted here."
JUST WATCHED Terrorist thumbs his nose at U.S. bounty Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Terrorist thumbs his nose at U.S. bounty 02:57
While New Delhi police refused Tuesday to comment on the arrest, the Mumbai court handling the case has issued a warrant asking that Jundal appear before it.
The attacks targeted Mumbai's Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels, the city's historic Victoria Terminus train station and the Jewish cultural center, Chabad House.
India blamed the attacks on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda. The group denied responsibility.
Indian forces killed nine of the 10 gunmen and later put the lone survivor on trial.
In May 2010, Mohammed Ajmal Kasab, a Pakistani who was photographed holding an assault weapon during the siege, was convicted of murder, conspiracy and waging war on India.
Two Indian nationals accused of conspiracy in the case -- Fahim Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed -- were acquitted by the court in Mumbai.
More than 160 people were killed in November 2008, as the 10 men attacked Mumbai buildings including the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels, the city's historic Victoria Terminus train station, and the Jewish cultural center, Chabad House.
India blamed the attacks on the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda.
Authorities said Kasab was trained by the organization, which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after an attack on India's parliament.
The development derailed a fragile peace process between the nuclear-armed neighbors for about 15 months.
Under American pressure, the two arch-rivals resumed their full spectrum of dialogue last year in their bid to build trust.
The news of Jundal's arrest comes ahead of next month's meeting in New Delhi between Indian and Pakistani foreign secretaries.
Pakistani diplomats said they will continue to cooperate with India on such matters.
"Pakistan has been in the forefront in the campaign against terror," a statement from the Pakistani high commission in New Delhi said. "As agreed at the highest level between Pakistan and India, terrorism is a common concern and counter-terrorism cooperation is in the mutual interest of both countries."
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
After Sen. Ted Stevens of Alaska was found guilty on seven counts of corruption charges today, Alaska governor, and McCain running mate, Sarah Palin put out a statement distancing her from Stevens. The problem is that Palin headed up an organization dedicated to raising corporate money for Ted Stevens.
According to a September 1 Washington Post story in The Trail,the 2003 incorporation papers for the group “Ted Stevens Excellence in Public Service, Inc.,” Palin is listed as one of three directors. As one of the directors, she was able to raise money without limits for Stevens. She served in this capacity until June 2005. She built her political reputation as a reformer, but she probably would not have been elected governor of Alaska without Stevens's help. Late in the campaign, Stevens was very active with endorsements for Palin.
Then there is this campaign commercial:
In her statement today, Palin stayed in her character as a faux reformer, “This is a sad day for Alaska and for Senator Stevens and his family. The verdict shines a light on the corrupting influence of the big oil service company that was allowed to control too much of our state. That control was part of the culture of corruption I was elected to fight. And that fight must always move forward regardless of party or seniority or even past service.”
This is just about the very last thing that the McCain campaign, Sarah Palin, and the Republican Party needed right now. I would not be surprised if Stevens has his conviction overturned on appeal if some of the stories about the prosecution's conduct in the trial are true, but this doesn't do a whole lot for their prospects in this election, or Palin's reputation. It seems that Sarah isn't quite the pure as snow reformer that the campaign has been selling her as. I would say that this could damage Palin's reputation, but things couldn't get much worse from where they already are.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom (AFP)
A U.S. bid to extradite Megaupload boss Kim Dotcom from New Zealand for alleged online piracy has been pushed back again, court officials said Tuesday.
The two-week extradition hearing was supposed to start on April 14 but will now begin on July 7, a Courts of New Zealand spokesman said.
No reason was given for the delay but the hearing, originally slated for August 2012 at Auckland's North Shore District Court, has been repeatedly rescheduled amid legal wrangling over evidence disclosure.
U.S. authorities applied to extradite Dotcom after New Zealand police arrested the German national in an armed raid on his Auckland mansion in January 2012.
The U.S. Justice Department and FBI allege Dotcom's Megaupload sites netted more than US$175 million in criminal proceeds and cost copyright owners more than US$500 million by offering pirated copies of movies, TV shows and other content.
Dotcom denies any wrongdoing and remains free on bail in New Zealand, where he has launched another file-sharing venture called Mega.
He accused U.S. authorities last year of stalling his court appearance because they had a weak case and were content to allow his legal bills to rise in the hope that mounting costs would compromise his defense.
[Image via Agence France-Presse]
Put on your learning caps. John Hess is about to drop some hardcore science knowledge on you.
If you're anything like me, you have a nagging sense of curiosity about how and why things work the way they do. For me, that manifests itself in learning about things that will likely never be useful in the context of filmmaking, like the science of coffee roasting and the process of building guitars (which is actually a lot like editing a film). More usefully, though, it also manifests itself in learning about how images are captured and stored digitally, which in my opinion, is an essential set of concepts for modern cinematographers to understand. Luckily, it's not too difficult to learn.
In his latest lesson at Filmmaker IQ, John P. Hess details the complex chemistry behind how digital sensors, both CCD and CMOS, actually work. Make sure you stick around to the last few minutes of the video, because Hess also has very compelling message about why all of this is so, so, so important, even if it seems like geeky tech nerd nonsense.
Check it out:
And here's another explainer from Linus at Techquickie, which is a great YouTube channel for learning about how all of the technology in our lives actually works:
Lastly, it's important to note that sensor technology is far from static. Whether it's companies like Sony and Canon who seemingly manage to pull crazy amounts of performance out of existing sensor technology (4 Million ISO cameras, for instance), or companies like InVisage who are trying to fundamentally change the way sensors work, the sensor landscape is constantly evolving. There are so many great concepts being crafted in research labs around the world — graphene sensors and curved sensors come to mind — that there are few reasons not to think that the sensor landscape will look completely different 10 years from now.
Here's a quick look at QuantamFilm, the cool technology that InVisage is working on, which could make its way into smartphone cameras in the near future.
What do you guys think about the importance of understanding the underlying technology in our cameras? Is it essential to the art of being a cinematographer or filmmaker in the digital world, or is it just minutiae compared to things like visual storytelling? Share your thoughts with us down in the comments!
Meckler allegedly told authorities that he carries the gun because he gets threats. Tea party leader arrested with gun
A prominent tea party leader was charged with a felony Thursday after he took a gun to New York City's LaGuardia Airport and it was discovered during a pre-flight check-in.
Mark Meckler, co-founder of the conservative Tea Party Patriots group, was arrested after he tried to check in for a Delta Air Lines flight with a locked box containing a Glock pistol and 19 units of 9mm ammunition, according to a release from the Queens District Attorney's office.
Story Continued Below
Meckler, who had been in New York since Sunday, allegedly told authorities that he carries the gun because he gets threats.
The tea party leader has a permit to carry the weapon in California, but that state's permit does not allow one to carry a firearm in New York.
“He didn't have a correct understanding of the law,” said Al Della Fave, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates LaGuardia, according to the AP. “Though he has a permit to carry in California, that did not cover him in the state of New York.”
The tea party leader's lawyer argued that he was “in temporary transit through the state of New York in possession of an unloaded, lawful firearm,” and that Mr. Meckler had been fully compliant with all laws, according to The New York Times.
Meckler was arraigned on charges of second-degree criminal possession of a weapon, a felony that could carry up to 15 years in prison. He was released pending a Jan. 12 court date.
“Before leaving home, passengers should acquaint themselves with the weapons laws of the jurisdiction that they are visiting and comply with any and all legal requirements if they choose to travel with a weapon. Otherwise, they may find themselves being arrested and charged with a felony — as is what occurred in this case,” warned Queens District Attorney Richard Brown.
The Tea Party Patriots group, which Meckler helped found in 2009, has played a major organizational role in the tea party movement — particularly in the demonstrations that were held across the country to encourage government to rein in debt and to oppose President Barack Obama's initiatives on health care.
Pictured: Silver-haired Liam Neeson commands The A-Team as new-look cast seen for the first time
A silver-haired Liam Neeson was seen on the set with his co-stars for the first time as filming of the remake of the iconic television series The A-Team got underway. Neeson joined the four male leads to film scenes in Vancouver, Canada on the highly anticipated remake of the hit Eighties show. As Col John 'Hannibal' Smith he leads a group of Iraq War veterans seeking to clear their name with the U.S. military, who suspect the four men of committing a crime for which they were framed.
First look: The cast of the remake of the big screen version of The A-Team were seen together filming for the first time in Vancouver. From left, Quinton Jackson (B.A Baracus) Liam Neeson (Hannibal), Sharlto Copley (Murdock) and Bradley Cooper (Faceman)
Down to business: The group are filming in Vancouver and will soon be joined by actress Jessica Biel
In charge: Neeson is working hard on films back to back, since the untimely death of wife Natasha. He is also starring in Clash Of The Titans
Filming recently begun after final cast members including Justin Timberlake's actress girlfriend Jessica Biel, 27, were added last month.
Neeson's hair looked a shocking shade of white as he got into character to play Col John 'Hannibal' Smith, the role played by American actor George Peppard.
Hangover star Bradley Cooper, 34, was seen in a white vest getting a lesson on how to shoot a machine gun, in preparation for his role as Lt. Templeton 'Faceman' Peck, which was played by Dirk Benedict.
THE NEW LOOK A-TEAM
No planes fool: UFC fighter Quinton Jackson takes on the iconic BA Baracus role
Looking good: Hangover star Bradley Cooper is Faceman, popularised by actor Dirk Benedict
Leader of the pack: Liam Neeson takes over from George Peppard as Hannibal
Mad as hell: South African actor Sharlto Copley plays mad dog soldier Murdock
Token female: Jessica Biel will star as an Army general pursuing the team, an update of the reporter role Amy Amanda Allen, played by Melinda Culea
Biel, 27, is to be the leading lady in the feature, which has been adapted from the hit 80s TV series.
Her role is the only female lead in the boy's own action adventure series and in an update to the role she'll play an Army general pursuing the team and Patrick Wilson as a CIA operative.
In the television show the team were assisted by reporter Amy Amanda Allen (Melinda Culea).
Tough guy: Quinton Jackson strides across the set looking suitably tough as the new B.A Baracus
South African actor and District 9-star Sharlto Copley, 35, is Capt. Murdock, taking the role from Dwight Schultz. And UFC fighter Quinton Jackson plays kid's favourite B.A. Baracus, taking on Mr T's role.
Quinton Jackson in particular has been scrutinised, primarily by his UFC fans for retiring from the sport to pursue his acting career.
But he has also faced criticism from fans of the TV show, because of his lack of acting experience and the irreplaceable quality of the original B.A. Baracus, Mr.T.
This is how you do it: Hangover star Bradley Cooper gets an action man makeover for the blockbuster
And in another shot Quinton Jackson can be seen inside a helicopter, debunking one of the show's running jokes that the tough guy had a fear of flying. Other members of the team would come up with inventive ways to knock him out (such as a carton of milk laced with drugs), in order to get him onto a plane, usually preceeded by his catchphrase 'I ain't gettin' on no plane, fool'.
In fact, the choice of actor and the conception of the film itself has been the subject of much contention since the project was announced.
Load and cock: The actor was taking the lesson in a Vancouver car park
The -Teams iconic van, two of them were seen on set earlier last month
Fans have debated the line-up for the film, and argued over whether the series should have been remade in the first place, over the past year.
Early pictures from the film's Canadian set, showed the classic GMC van which was used in the 1980s programme.
The film is directed by Joe Carnahan and produced by the Scott brothers, Ridley and Tony. It is set for release in the UK in late 2010.
The Donation Super Credit, Have You Used It?
Many Canadians may not know that in 2013 the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) had included a special tax credit called the First-Time Donor's Super Credit in the budget. In recent reports, the CRA has stated that the take-rate of the credit has been lower than expected, so we are hoping to encourage Canadians to donate by explaining the benefits.
Here are the basics…
Some additional points to note:
For the purposes of the FDSC, you will be considered a “first-time donor” if neither you nor your spouse or common-law partner (if you have one) has claimed and been allowed a charitable donations tax credit for any year after 2007.
Only donations of money (not stocks, or other donations) that are made after March 20, 2013 will qualify for the FDSC.
The FDSC is a temporary tax credit only available for taxation years from 2013 to 2017.
The FSDC, and all charitable donation credits are non-refundable; meaning that you only benefit from the credit if you have tax owing for the year.
Want to know more? Watch this video for more details:
If you have any questions about the First-Time Donor's Super Credit or any other tax credits, please feel free to contact us.
Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., the House majority whip, is in critical condition, hospital officials said Wednesday evening, after he and three others were shot by a gunman this morning while members of Congress were practicing for a charity baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia.
Officers returned fire at the suspect, who has since died, authorities said.
In addition to Scalise, a lobbyist, a congressional staffer and a Capitol Police officer were also shot.
And an additional two individuals — a congressman and a Capitol Police officer — sustained secondary injuries.
PHOTO: People gather near the scene of a shooting at the Republican Congressional baseball team practice in Alexandria, Va, June 14, 2017. (Shawn Thew/EPA) More
Scalise's office said he was shot in the hip and underwent surgery.
"Prior to entering surgery, the whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone," his office said in a statement. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders and colleagues. We ask that you keep the whip and others harmed in this incident in your thoughts and prayers."
MedStar Washington Hospital Center, the facility treating Scalise, issued a statement updating the public on his condition Wednesday evening.
"Congressman Steve Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip. The bullet traveled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding," the statement reads. "He underwent immediate surgery, and an additional procedure to stop bleeding. He has received multiple units of blood transfusion. His condition is critical, and he will require additional operations."
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump arrived at the hospital with flowers Wednesday evening where Trump sat by Scalise's bedside and met with his wife Jennifer, as well as Capitol Police officer Crystal Griner, who was also wounded in the attack, and her wife.
Trump tweeted, "Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!"
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017
PHOTO: House Majority Whip. Steve Scalise speaks to the media, May 17, 2017 in Washington, D.C. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images) More
Law enforcement identified the suspected shooter as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois. His wife told ABC News, however, that he had been living in Alexandria for the past two months, but he had not been working and had been expected to return to Illinois in the coming days. FBI Special Agent in Charge Tim Slater said at a press conference this afternoon that Hodgkinson had been living out of a white cargo van in Alexandria.
PHOTO: James Hodgkins of Belleville, Ill., is pictured in a booking photo from the St. Clair County Sheriff's Department dated Dec. 31, 1992. (St. Clair County Sheriff) More
The shooting took place around 7 a.m. at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park, where a number of lawmakers were practicing for the annual charity congressional baseball game set for Thursday. Only Republicans were at this practice. The park is about 7 miles from the White House.
Matt Mika, who works as a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, suffered multiple gunshot wounds and is in the ICU in critical condition, his family said in a statement.
PHOTO: Matt Mika, who works as a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, was shot June 14, 2017, in Alexandria, Va., when a gunman opened fire on a baseball field where congressmen where gathered. (Tyson Foods) More
Story continues
People who wear contact lenses often acquire unwelcome microbial guests along with the convenience afforded by this eyewear. In fact, a higher diversity of bacteria lives on the eye surface of lens wearers than that of the naked-eye crowd, according to an extensive classification effort by microbiologists at New York University's Langone Medical Center. This difference may help explain why lens poppers develop eye infections up to seven times more frequently than they would otherwise.
In an effort to map the ocular microbiome, the researchers sequenced hundreds of swabs from the eyes and eyelids of 11 people who do not wear lenses and nine of those who do. Wearers had about three times the typical proportion of Methylobacterium, Lactobacillus, Acinetobacter and Pseudomonas bacteria. Although the first three bugs are typically harmless, Pseudomonas entering a scratched cornea can result in an infection, triggering redness, pain and blurred vision. Left untreated, the condition may lead to blindness. These same bacterial groups tend to hang out innocuously on our skin, says N.Y.U.'s Lisa Park. This means they most likely hitch a ride on users' fingers during the act of inserting lenses, suggesting an instantaneous shift in the regional microbiome.
Additional results from the study support such a conclusion: the researchers found that the composition of bacteria living on the eyes of people who sport disposable lenses was more similar to that of their skin than was the case among people who don't need lenses. “It's not a definitive connection,” Park says, “but it's very intriguing.” The physical characteristics of the lenses themselves, such as the pressure they place on the eye, could also foster bacterial growth.
All told, the researchers identified about 10,000 distinct strains of bacteria in their samples. Knowing the exact microbial community in a patient's eye could help doctors treat infections with targeted antibiotics, says Jack Gilbert, a microbiologist at the University of Chicago who was not affiliated with the study.
To avoid infections altogether, however, contact lens wearers should assiduously follow best practices with their eyesight enhancers: wash hands thoroughly before handling lenses, use fresh saline solution to rinse and store them, and replace cases every three months. At least that way, the welcome mat for tiny, menacing orbital guests should shrink.
“If I have it my way, you'll never see your mommy and daddy again.” These cruel words were reportedly uttered to eight-year-old Jaxon Adams by a Missouri doctor working closely with Child Protective Services. While we don't know if this statement will prove prophetic, the fact is that some children will never see their parents again — or, at least, not for a very long time — because of CPS.
And it has been alleged that many of these youngsters are essentially kidnapped — for money.
The New American reported Thursday on the plight of Cleave and Erica May Rengo, a young Washington State couple whose three children were, many say, seized from them unjustly. And far from being alone, the Rengos have now joined a legion of parents whose kids have been abducted by the state.
But these are all abused children, correct? Virtually always. There is a question, however, as to who their abusers are. Is it the parents?
Or the state?
Or both?
This clearly varies on a case by case basis, but there is one constant of which many are unaware:
Every time CPS seizes a child, it gets money from the federal government.
Lots of money.
And critics have warned that this has a corruptive effect. As New York Times best-selling author Dr. Joseph Mercola wrote in 2011:
[D]id you know that the money funneled to states and child protective services actually encourages them to accuse you of child abuse and even murder, and to take your children, even if you're not guilty, and even though they have absolutely no proof that you harmed your child?
Horrendous as it sounds, it's true: child abuse has become a business — an industry of sorts — that actually pays states to legally abduct your children and put them up for adoption!
Mercola then quotes a source informing about a California politician who pledged to expose this practice:
“Most people are not aware of how much profit many of these services provide the county," John Van Doorn told a San Diego newspaper. “These profits are hard to ignore and even more difficult to pass up.”
Counties can bring in thousands of dollars in excess revenue for each child in foster care, Van Doorn said — which means they have more incentive to remove children from their families than to keep families intact. "As such ... our county government is a major factor in the dismantling of families and/or destruction of children's lives," he said.
No one has to tell this to Michael Minkoff, a father who alleges that his children were unjustly taken by CPS. Likening many American local governments to the Chinese regime — which has been accused of stealing children to profit from selling them for adoption — he levels a serious charge: CPS standards for seizing children aren't just governed by whether they're abused, but also whether they're “marketable.” He writes:
While we were in LA fighting to get our children back, a little black boy was beaten to death by his step-father. Neighbors had called CPS six times over the course of a few months. No one ever showed up.
Do you know how many calls it took for someone to show up and take our beautiful white baby twin girls? One call. And CPS took them on the basis of one person's testimony. And we were assumed guilty from the start. Three months later, the case was dismissed and not a single claim was upheld, yet LA County got three months worth of Federal money out of our kids, and so far, they got it with impunity. In fact, if it hadn't been for God's grace and good lawyers, we might have been fighting for much longer to no avail.
While we can't know if profit was the motivation in the earlier-mentioned Rengo children's seizure, they certainly fit the profile of “adoptable” kids. They're white, young (all under a year old), seem attractive and, except for some eczema suffered by the eldest, are apparently healthy.
And many would say Cleave and Erica May Rengo fit the profile of persecuted parents. Having home-birthed their last two children, being believing Christians, and preferring alternative medicine to the conventional variety, they likely wouldn't have been in favor with notoriously liberal CPS social workers. And part of the justification for seizing their kids also raises suspicion: CPS viewed as neglect the Rengos' refusal to treat their eldest child's eczema with steroidal medication. Eczema is a skin condition that can cause itching but is not life-threatening, and the parents were treating it with natural remedies.
In contrast to the Rengo children, eight-year-old Jaxon Adams has been a sickly little boy, having been diagnosed with epilepsy and a number of food allergies, among other things. According to Terri LaPoint at MedicalKidnap.com, however, these health issues paled in comparison to what the Adamses would suffer at the hands of Dr. Amber Hoffman of Children's Mercy Hospital and her CPS allies.
After being told by hospital doctors that Jaxon's problems were all psychosomatic, his parents wanted a second opinion.
They were told they were “not allowed to do so,” reports LaPoint.
Furthermore, they were informed that they wouldn't be allowed to change pediatricians, either.
The Adamses were being accused of abuse. To be precise, “medical abuse, medical neglect, lack of nutrition, lack of supervision ... and psychological abuse,” wrote LaPoint. The lack of supervision charge was, LaPoint tells us, based on Jaxon's falling off a scooter upon fainting and was issued even though his mother, Tiffany, was with him when the accident occurred.
LaPoint quotes a therapist who told Tiffany, after learning of the impending CPS child seizure, “I cannot believe this. You guys are GOOD parents.” And of the day (Sept. 17) CPS showed up to take Jaxon, LaPoint writes, “The investigator had tears in her eyes when she admitted that she did not want to take Jaxon, ‘but they're making me.' It came down to one statement, with no charges being filed, and CPS admitting that they had not reviewed the medical records. Dr. Hoffman had called CPS immediately after the meeting with the Adams[es] where they asked for a second opinion.”
But who were the real abusers? As LaPoint tells us about what transpired when Jaxon was taken to Children's Mercy Hospital by CPS:
Dr. Hoffman came into the child's room when he was crying his heart out missing his family. She told him to suck it up and stop crying. Her words that she told him were cruel beyond belief, as he later confided to his sister:
“If I have it my way, you'll never see your mommy and daddy again.”
Because Jaxon tried to call his parents, the staff took the phone out of his hospital room.
A couple of times, he got out of his room heading for the stairwell, in a vain attempt to escape.
There were signs on his door saying, “Under CPS custody,” and “Parents Not Allowed In.” As his mother says, “He can read.”
And Jaxon's and the Rengo children's stories are just two of a multitude we can read at MedicalKidnap.com and elsewhere.
Of course, it's said there are three sides to every story: his, hers, and the Truth. Moreover, a site such as MedicalKidnap.com obviously has a tacitly acknowledged bias (note that a “bias” isn't by definition negative), and logic dictates that not every parent claiming CPS overreach has clean hands. But what of the CPS's bias? And is it reasonable to believe it's untainted by money when there's so much of it to be had? As former Oregon prosecutor Robert Weidner put it on a 2008 edition of the show “On Second Thought”:
It's a viper pit when you go into that courtroom.... And they pounce on you, and it's all driven by money, all of the taking of the children that is going on right now.... They get $85,000 from the federal government every time they take one of those little ones and put them up for adoption. So everyone's feeding off of this federal money that is coming in, and all they're focused on is getting the money — they talk about keeping their numbers up.
How many good parents have found their number was up because of this mercenary motivation?
Related article:
Home-birthed Children Seized After Parents Refuse to Use Hospital
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton meets with supporters at a campaign rally in Coral Springs, Fla., on Friday. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Hillary Clinton has confided (or bragged) that she has seen the hit Broadway musical "Hamilton" three times, including a fundraising event in which contributors could win tickets to see the more-than-sold-out show alongside her.
Now "Hamilton" creator Lin-Manuel Miranda is among the draws for a Broadway-themed fundraiser for the Democratic presidential candidate that also features actresses Sarah Jessica Parker, star of "Sex and the City" TV series, Helen Mirren, Anne Hathaway, Bernadette Peters and Julia Roberts, Angela Bassett and Emily Blunt. Plus, Hugh Jackman, Neil Patrick Harris, Josh Groban and a few other people you've heard of.
[Barbra Streisand's 'Send in the Clowns' -Donald Trump parody edition]
The master of ceremonies for the Oct. 17 event at the St. James Theater will be Billy Crystal, according to an invitation obtained by The Washington Post. Clinton will not be there, but daughter and New York resident Chelsea Clinton will speak. Of course, it's on a Monday — the night many Broadway theaters are dark for an actors' day off.
The event announced Friday is part of a stepped-up effort to raise money for both Clinton's presidential campaign and for Democratic races down the ballot as the election enters the final month.
British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan once famously explained why politics and governing was a little more complicated than a political science class might suggest. "Events, dear boy, events."
We have experienced just such a week as Canadians. Two soldiers are dead, gunned down by misguided fanatics, and also their fellow citizens. Gunshots in the Hall of Honour in Parliament are forever imbedded in public memory. We are now inured with the phrase "lock down." And Kevin Vickers, the Sergeant of Arms of the House of Commons, is a public hero for shooting a gunman down.
A lot of events for one week. Here's what we can expect in the weeks ahead:
Story continues below advertisement
The Conservatives will come back to the House of Commons with a proposal for enhanced powers for CSIS and the RCMP. Parliament should insist that fear and emotion should play no part in assessing any new laws, and that enhanced accountability and oversight should accompany any such enhancement. Jack Major in his Air India report, Dennis O'Connor in his inquiry, and the Security Intelligence Review Committee in its annual reviews have all called for such improvements. Security is not the business of CSIS alone, and robust surveillance must be matched by robust review.
Any party seeking to win the confidence of Canadians has to show they have a capacity for balance and judgment. What was splendid about the response in the House of Commons the day after the shooting was the genuine emotion and generosity of spirit in the wake of the shooting and the fear. What we know in our gut is that these moments happen rarely, and won't last very long.
All three leaders spoke well. They hugged each other, which was an important expression not only of simple solidarity, but also of the sense of sheer relief. One can only hope that their handlers did not spend hours rehearsing the event. We all thought it was genuine, and spontaneous, and were happier as a result.
The government has to listen to the concerns about balance and accountability. The opposition has to realize that the public is concerned about security, and doesn't want mere partisanship to get in the way of policymaking.
The issues raised are not easy. The Islamic State now has an aggressive stance on social media, and its recruitment and indoctrination are intense. We can't punish people for their thoughts, but we need to be able to respond to their actions. An effective strategy requires deep cultural knowledge, the engagement of many communities and their leaders, and the resources to be nimble in dealing with new groups and new threats.
If individuals are dangerous enough that their passports are seized or denied, and they are on a "watch list," Canadians are asking themselves what else can be done. Police still need probable cause to arrest and keep someone in custody. Still, there is a legitimate question: Is there more that could have been done, within the boundaries of the Charter, to prevent the two killings this past week, and to prevent other attacks?
At the same time – and we saw this in response to the government's overreach on warrantless surveillance of personal computers – the public still has concerns about privacy, and the rights of free speech and free association. These are quite rightly deeply ingrained values, and we ignore them at our peril.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
There is as well the issue of Canada's foreign and defence policy. The watchword is effectiveness. There should be no disagreement that organizations like IS need to be, in the much-used phrase "degraded and ultimately destroyed." But the way this is done, and the alliances formed to achieve it, are key to getting to the objective. We also should be aiming to achieve democratic stability in the region, respect for all national and cultural groups, and help to those who are fighting on the ground. Air power will not do it alone, although it is clearly a necessary component.
We also need policies to deal with the humanitarian consequences of these terrible conflicts, the refugees left without food and shelter. A reasoned discussion of all these issues would be welcome The debate will resume in earnest in the days ahead, as the rawness of the emotion wears off and the search for political advantage resumes. But an event has happened, and how leaders and parties respond to it will have a major impact on their – and our – political future.
I began by quoting Harold Macmillan. Let me add Winston Churchill and Tony Blair to the mix. When it was suggested to him by security forces that all theatres should be closed during the London blitz, Churchill asked simply "Why would we do that? That's what we're fighting for." After 9/11, Tony Blair famously remarked "everything has changed." No less than the Lord Chief Justice Tom Bingham in his brilliant little book The Rule of Law disagreed. The underlying values of our legal system, he pointed out, have served us well. Current issues of security and terror, as critical as they are, have to be dealt with inside the framework of the rule of law.
In Canada, the Harper government has to show that any changes to the law are fully in keeping with our democratic values. The opposition has to demonstrate that what is proposed falls outside those boundaries and in our current circumstances can't really be justified. The Charter, and a concerned public, both require our politicians to meet this standard.
The miracle is drawing closer.
Following Leicester City 's victory over Swansea City on Sunday, the Foxes need just five points from their remaining three fixtures to guarantee the league title, and that's assuming that their nearest rivals Tottenham Hotspur pick up the maximum 12 points from their outstanding fixtures.
Should Spurs slip up—and the Lilywhites do have an ominous away trip to enemies Chelsea to come on May 2nd—the title race could be over much sooner.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Of course, Leicester can take nothing for granted—particularly as they face Manchester United, Everton and Chelsea in their final three matches—but considering the relative struggles of that trio (and the Pensioners' desire not to see Spurs take their title) the EPL crown is surely within touching distance.
Claudio Ranieri insisted on Friday that it was ‘now or never' for the Foxes to win the title, and indeed, while no one can predict the fates and fortunes to follow in this made old game we love, it's hard to envisage Leicester fans finding themselves on the brink of such a carnival again.
Story continues
Indeed, never before have the club claimed a major honour, with their best achievements—apart from a trio of League Cups—being a second-place finish in the league in 1929 and a quartet of losing efforts in the FA Cup final, including 1961 loss to double-winning Spurs.
There is no debate that Leicester's campaign represents the greatest single achievement of the Premier League era—even if they were to lose every game from now until the season's end—while it will surely be debated for years to come whether Ranieri's accomplishments this year overshadow those of East Midlands rivals Nottingham Forest under the iconic Brian Clough in the late 70s.
There have been various heroes who have been highlighted for special praise throughout the campaign—with Jamie Vardy, Riyad Mahrez, Danny Drinkwater, Robert Huth, N'Golo Kante, Wes Morgan and Kasper Schmeichel all being lionised at one point or another during the year—while it's hard to know, in this season of stories, which of the Foxes' many subplots has been the most fascinating.
Is it Schmeichel's bid to emulate his legendary father Peter and lift the EPL crown?
Is it Kante's immediate impact in the division after moving from Caen and his international recognition with France?
Is it Drinkwater, once rejected by Manchester United, who made his own international debut earlier this year?
Captain Morgan, an unsung hero if ever there was one, spent a decade in the lower leagues with Forest, trying in vain to help the Tricky Trees back to somewhere closer to their former glory.
Key protagonists Mahrez, Vardy and Ranieri each boast novel-worthy narratives of their own.
The first—who impressed without truly starring in the EPL last season and established himself in the Algeria side—has scored 17 goals and contributed 11 assists so far this campaign, more than any other actor in the division apart from Vardy.
Mahrez cost less than half a million when signed by former boss Nigel Pearson. That alone is a hell of a story!
Vardy's own story arc has been more colourful…and much more ‘nuanced'. With a racist outburst in a casino at the beginning of the year—coming hot on the heels of the sacking of three youth players after footage emerged of a racial-slur fuelled orgy in Thailand during a pre-season tour—being bookended by accusations of diving and unsportsmanlike behaviour.
Talk of a film has become less and less far-fetched for this fascinating character; veering from tragedy to triumph like the greatest of Shakespearian anti-hero.
As for Ranieri, ridiculed when he arrived, coming off the back of a disastrous stint with Greece, the veteran ‘Tinkerman' not only prompted the dismissal of his one-time Chelsea successor Jose Mourinho by beating the reining champions, but he also looks set to take the title from his former employers.
If he could do it on the final day, and receive the title at Stamford Bridge, it would be a storyline worthy of Ettore Scola.
A Special Day indeed.
Amidst the various discourses of the campaign, it's perhaps little surprise that the contributions of Ghanaian pair Jeffrey Schlupp and Daniel Amartey have gone somewhat under the radar.
Schlupp courted interest from Arsenal following his contribution last season as he helped the East Midlanders avoid the drop, but was eclipsed by the likes of Abdul Rahman Baba and the Ayew brothers ahead of the campaign.
It was fascinating, on Sunday, to watch Dede struggle for Swansea, while Schlupp looked in his element for the Foxes, delivering a star turn on the left flank, contributing an assist for Leonardo Ulloa's second.
The wideman has struggled with injury, managing just 21 outings of which 13 have been starts, but he remains a valuable asset, even in light of the arrival of Christian Fuchs.
C'mon!! Another big result and another 3 points! The boys are on fire #lcfc pic.twitter.com/rktror3hZK — jeffrey schlupp (@Jeffrey_Schlupp) December 19, 2015
Schlupp's key contribution perhaps came in early October, when he added a second—ultimately the decisive goal—in Leicester's 2-1 victory at Norwich City.
Despite mooted interest from Liverpool, the Foxes signed Amartey from FC Kobenhavn during the January transfer window, a valuable utility defensive addition following the departures of Ritchie de Laet and Yohan Benalouane.
Just over a year ago, Amartey was a surprise inclusion into Avram Grant's squad for the 2015 Cup of Nations. Now, he's on the brink of winning the EPL, even if he hasn't been all that influential.
The 21-year-old has made just one start, featuring four times as a substitute and accruing only 102 minutes of playing time in the top flight.
It's a disappointing return, but understandable considering Ranieri's preference to keep a settled team throughout the year. Indeed, only the ostensible first-choice XI and Schlupp have started more than 10 league games this term.
The best for Amartey in the Premier League—and in a Leicester shirt—is surely still to come, and as one of the few players in the squad who already has European experience, he will be a valuable asset for the club next season as they embark on their maiden competition in the continent's premier club competition.
Surely in a Ghanaian setting, Leicester's biggest and best days will be ahead of them. With not just one but two players set to emulate Michael Essien's feat of winning the EPL, support for the Foxes has already been growing in the nation.
The East Midlanders' underdog status will attract one or two new supporters as they rub shoulders with Europe's elite next season, and even if Ghana's direct contribution to this year's potentially imminent title triumph hasn't been overwhelming, expect the achievements of this season to leave a lasting legacy in the Black Star state.
Xbox One will monitor users' content viewing in a number of ways.
Microsoft's next-generation console has applied for a patent offering users Xbox 360-like achievements for watching specific content and adverts, reports Gamesindustry International.
Microsoft
The console's Kinect 2 will also employ DRM measures to prevent more people than the license allows viewing the content at one go, as per another patent filed last year.
If Kinect senses too many people in the room, it will prompt the users to upgrade the license.
"Television viewing tends to be a passive experience for a viewer, without many opportunities for the viewer to engage or have interactive experiences with the presented content," the application for the achievements reads.
"To increase interactive viewing and encourage a user to watch one or more particular items of video content, awards and achievements may be tied to those items of video content."
The company has said that not all the patents they apply for will necessarily be incorporated into Xbox One.
Microsoft
"Microsoft regularly applies for and receives patents as part of its business practice; not all patents applied for or received will be incorporated into a Microsoft product," it told MCV.
However, the trade said that its UK industry sources have confirmed that the DRM system will be implemented on Xbox One.
The company claimed earlier in the week that its policies for the next-generation console were still subject to change before its launch.
Announced this week, Xbox One - described as an all-in-one "ultimate home entertainment system" - will be launched later this year.
While the system won't require an always-on connection, it must be connected to the internet every 24 hours.
Microsoft
A report suggested the firm and publishers will profit from all second-hand sales.
Xbox One will see 15 exclusive games launch in its first year, including Forza Motorsport 5 on day one.
> Follow our on-going Xbox One coverage
> Xbox One's 11 biggest features: New Kinect, controller, used games
> Pre-order your Xbox One now from the Digital Spy Store
Gallery: Confirmed games for Xbox One:Xbox One confirmed games
The effect, when the light-emitting wallpaper is 'switched on', is stunning
An enterprising young designer from the Netherlands has invented what has to be the ultimate in home illumination – light emitting wallpaper.
The luminescent wallpaper is the brainchild of Jonas Samson, who designed and submitted it as part of his final-year postgraduate degree.
Explanation
So how does it work? Well, speaking exclusively to TechRadar, Samson explained that the wallpaper actually uses existing technology, but applies it in a different way:
"The base material is made from a commercially available product that's manufactured by a number of companies. What I have done, though, is to apply that technology in a different way."
Delving deeper, Samson revealed that the wallpaper is constructed by "sandwiching" a number of layers together that combine to produce light:
"The back layer is a silver-based solution that conducts electricity, while the layer above this contains phosphorous pigments that light up. On top of this is a flexible, transparent ITO conductor layer, with regular wallpaper placed on top to act as the final, outwardly visual layer," he explained.
Off the wall
The result, when it's switched on, is a visually stunning wall-of-light that can be turned off and on, just like a regular light.
Although Samson first revealed his creation to the public last year, this year's upcoming Salone Internazionale del Mobile interior design show in Milan, where he is exhibiting, looks set to make his creation a must-have for those who can afford it.
Ah yes, the price… Well, given that everything is designed from scratch and made to order, there are no set costs for installation of Samson's light-emitting wallpaper. That said, Samson told us that 6,000 euros could be considered a basic "starting price".
UPDATE: Police say Figueroa was not licensed to carry a gun in Massachusetts. And Army says he didn't serve in the Army Reserves.
Kirk Figueroa, the East Boston man police say opened fire on officers responding to a domestic-violence call at his home, listed his occupation as founder of a private-security firm specializing in going after bad guys with heavy armament and dogs and protecting people with enough money to worry about needing protection.
Figueroa died and two officers were critically injured in what police say was a gun battle that started when Figueroa opened fire. Police say Figueroa used an assault-style rifle and was wearing body armor.
Figueroa called his company, which has an office near the Moakley Courthouse and a "Cobra Strike Team" in San Francisco, Elite Policing. The Herald reports police towed away a Crown Victoria with an "Elitepolicing.org" decal from 136 Gladstone St.
He also operated under the name Code Blue Protection Corp. In his trademark application for that name, filed in May, 2015, he described his services as:
Security services, namely, armed escorts and security personnel for celebrities, diplomats, events, in-mates, prisoners, parolees, others.
Figueroa's Web site claims eight years as an MP with the US Army Reserve, adds:
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — It's called “vaping” and an estimated 2.5 million Americans use electronic cigarettes as an alternative to smoking the real thing.
But those battery-charged electronic devices can be dangerous.
Just ask the people who've had them blow up in their hands.
Its fans are happy to switch from cigarettes to vaping, as Leslie Clark of the North Side told KDKA's Jon Delano on Monday.
“I was tired of my asthma flare-ups and I couldn't breathe. I was coughing my head off every day and every night,” says Clark.
Delano: “And with vaping?”
Clark: “I don't. It helped clean up my sinuses.”
But whatever the positives, there have been more than two dozen injuries caused by exploding devices.
That's what happened to 21-year-old Evan Spahlinger in Florida.
Victims have sustained facial fractures, broken teeth, even damaged vertebrae.
It turns out that it's not the vaping itself that can be particularly harmful.
It's the device you use and the batteries and how you charge it that can lead to trouble.
“In each one of those instances it was one of these mechanical mods,” says Anthony Edwards Dewald at the Vape Crusades Vape Loft on the South Side.
A mechanical mod — that's not the safest, says Dewald..
“A mechanical mod is a device where it is a simple push button. Your battery rides in the middle here and when you push the button on the bottom it creates a connection between the top and the bottom, creating a full circuit and letting your device create the vapor,” explains Dewald.
They're popular because they create the most vapor.
But if the battery is old or deteriorates, it can overheat risking an explosion.
“If you push the button and it gets really hot, really quick, and you continue to use it, you're asking for trouble,” warns Dewald.
The same is true with certain battery chargers that overheat, too.
The good news, says Dewald, is that vapers can buy devices and chargers that shut down automatically when they get too hot.
“This one has an internal micro-chip in it. If there are any problems with your batteries, if it's starting to get too hot, or it's an unsafe condition, it will not fire.”
But so far, it's up to the individual.
The FDA has proposed a rule to take over regulation of vaping, but it's not in effect yet.
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
My version of this started the moment I read a line by Robert Graves, who said that there is no such thing as good writing, only good rewriting. Please see the photograph below.
I found this to be doubly true, if this is ontologically possible, when I combined it with a comment from F.R. Leavis, or I think this is who it was, in an essay called "Technique as Discovery." This essay made the point that if you changed the form of what you wrote from, say, drama to poetry, you would discover something about your subject you didn't know before.
It occurred to me that if this worked when you moved from one form to another, then the same thing should happen when you changed the basic elements of a novel.
Take point of view, for example. Let's say you are writing a scene in which a man and a woman are breaking up. They are doing this while they are having breakfast in their apartment. But the scene doesn't work. It is dull and flat.
So, applying the two notions mentioned above the solution would be to change point of view. That is, if it is told from the man's point of view, change it to the woman's, and if that doesn't work, tell it from the point of view of the neighborhood, who is listening through the wall in the apartment next door, and if that doesn't work have this neighbor tell the story of the break up, as he hears it, to his girlfriend. And if that doesn't work tell it from the point of view of a burglar who is in the apartment, and who hid in a closet in the kitchen when the man and woman who are breaking up came in and started arguing.
It seems to me that each time you add a new point of view and tell the story again, you will discover something you didn't know before. And if this is true for point of view, it should hold true for structure, language, and all the other elements that go into a piece of fiction.
Of course, in the real world, in the day-to-day work, you discover a lot, and in fact it has happened to me that near the end of a book or what I thought was the end, I found some one, or something like the famous wooden leg in Flannery O'Connor's "Good Country People," or the theft of that wooden leg, which would force me to go back to the beginning and work towards it or perhaps even begin with it.
I think the basic belief behind this way of writing a novel is that the entire business is one long discovery, and no one, or no novelist I know, sits down one morning, the complete book in mind, and types it straight off. At least, with the writers I know it is one long slog through the most trying parts of the imagination and memory.
I would like to add one warning here. Or make that two. You do come to the point of diminishing returns, and at that point it is time to stop. You have what you are going to have, and that's that. After a certain point, the novel will get worse the more you write.
Yesterday, a federal district court in Massachusetts ordered the government to provide Mark Anthony Reid, a U.S. Army veteran who has spent over a year in immigration detention, with the basic due process of an immigration bond hearing. The court held that the government may not detain individuals like Reid for more than six months without a hearing to determine if they need to be imprisoned.
The decision in Reid v. Donelan adds to a growing consensus among the federal courts that long-term detention without a bond hearing is unlawful, building upon the ACLU's landmark victory in Rodriguez v. Robbins . In that case, we brought a class-action lawsuit on behalf of long-term immigrant detainees and secured a ruling requiring bond hearings after six months. Our victory benefited thousands of immigrant detainees across the Ninth Circuit, which houses 25 percent of people currently in immigration lock-up. Like the Ninth Circuit, the Massachusetts district court adopted a uniform rule requiring the government to provide bond hearings to people detained six months or longer.
As the court explained yesterday, this rule makes sense not only because six months of imprisonment is a serious deprivation of freedom, but also because it helps guarantee that the men and women in immigration lock-up— 84 percent of whom don't have a lawyer —receive a modicum of due process. Without an automatic bond hearing, detainees would have no choice but to file individual lawsuits in federal court to be heard. But as the court notes, it's unreasonable to expect immigrant detainees to navigate this "legal thicket." Many of them do not speak English; almost all lack legal training; and many are held in remote jails and prisons where they have no real access to an attorney—even if they could afford one.
Unlike most people in his situation, Reid was lucky enough to find pro bono attorneys at the Yale Law School's Worker and Immigrant Rights Advocacy Clinic to bring his case. Reid came to the U.S. at age 14 and has lived here as a green card holder for over 35 years. He served six years in the U.S. Army Reserve and was honorably discharged. Although he has a criminal history resulting from substance abuse and mental health issues, he has undergone treatment and is focused on continuing his education. Moreover, Reid has support from his two U.S. citizen children.
But for over a year, the government held Reid in no-bond immigration detention without considering his veteran status, his family ties, his rehabilitation, or any other fact about his life. Instead, it warehoused him up in a massive immigration prison system without ever taking a look at whether he needed to be locked up in the first place. This immigration prison system costs taxpayers about two billion dollars a year.
Fortunately, the courts are listening to Reid and others like him. No one should be held in long-term lock-up without a hearing to determine if he needs to be imprisoned. The Obama Administration should adopt the rulings of Reid and Rodriguez nationwide and provide bond hearings to all immigrant detainees after six months. This will ensure due process for all immigration detainees while advancing a clear, uniform national policy.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Need a lift?
Gov. Susana Martinez wants ride-booking businesses like Uber and Lyft to be welcome in New Mexico.
“New Mexico should usher in a 21st-century economy, not reject it,” Martinez said recently.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Rep. Monica Youngblood, R-Albuquerque, is sponsoring House Bill 168, which would allow ride-booking companies to operate in the state. Since they showed up here in 2014, their status has been up in the air. After a similar bill failed to make it through the Democratic-controlled Senate last year, the Public Regulation Commission adopted guidelines separate from those governing taxi companies, which contend ride-sharing businesses should be similarly regulated.
Lyft objected to the new rules and left the state, but Uber is still arranging rides between drivers and passengers in Albuquerque, Santa Fe and Las Cruces.
HB168 would require “transportation network” companies to get a state permit from the PRC and it lays out conditions for when a driver can be considered an independent contractor rather than an employee. The bill would require criminal blackground checks, zero tolerance for drug or alcohol use by drivers, vehicle insurance and disclosure of fare calculations.
Albuquerque Mayor Richard Berry is a fan of ride-sharing. He says a temporary deal with Uber to operate at the Albuquerque International Sunport generated nearly 18,000 trips in its first 4½ months. Berry says having the airport service helps the city keep up with other “forward-thinking” communities.
And that is the direction the Legislature should take. Because many New Mexicans are already using their smartphones to catch rides, the state should be smart and pass legislation to regulate this 21st-century means of transportation.
This editorial first appeared in the Albuquerque Journal. It was written by members of the editorial board and is unsigned as it represents the opinion of the newspaper rather than the writers.
Three convicted felons are facing attempted murder charges in the brutal attack on two correctional officers at the Des Moines County jail.
Jorge Sanders-Galvez, 23, Earl Booth-Harris, 24, and Bobby Joe Morris, 27, each were charged Monday in Des Moines County District Court with attempted murder and assault on a corrections officer with intent to inflict serious injury, according to Des Moines County Attorney Amy Beavers.
If convicted of the charges, the men each face up to 30 years in prison.
The convicts were charged with attacking the correctional officer about 4 p.m. Dec. 10 after the officer discovered someone was making "hooch" inside one of the maximum cells. The officers were attacked by the three inmates as they were attempting to investigate the situation.
The male guard, whose name has not been released, suffered multiple facial fractures that will require surgery to repair. He has been released from Great River Medical Center, where he spent two days following the attack.
The female officer also was taken to the medical center in West Burlington where she was treated and released for a concussion and laceration to the back of the head.
On Monday, two of the defendants, Sanders-Galvez and Booth-Harris, each were sentenced to mandatory terms of life in prison without parole on first-degree murder convictions in unrelated killings in Burlington within the past three years.
Sanders-Galvez was sentenced to life in prison without parole by District Judge Mary Ann Brown after he was convicted several weeks ago of first-degree murder in the March 2016 killing of Kedarie Johnson, a 16-year-old gender fluid Burlington High School student.
Booth-Harris also was sentenced sentenced Monday to life in prison without parole by District Judge John Linn for his first-degree murder conviction in the killing Deonte "Tae Tae" Carter, 24, in February 2015.
Morris was recently sentenced to 25 years in prison for a series of home invasions and other armed robberies in which he targeted mostly Hispanic employees, who were working at the fertilizer plant in Wever that was under construction at the time of the robberies.
Both Sanders-Galvez and Booth-Harris have been held in the state penitentiary in Fort Madison since the attack on the correctional officer. Morris was transported to the Iowa Medical Classification Center in Oakdale. It is not known when he will return to Des Moines County to face the charges.
According to documents unsealed Monday, the attack occurred when the officers suspected contraband inside the male maximum security unit at the jail.
The "male max" area consists of a group of six individual cells on two levels with a common area with a table and benches, court records state.
"The correctional officer observed inmates in this unit congregated at an inmate's cell holding cups of liquid," court records state. "The correctional officer located homemade alcohol in the inmate's cell and the unit was placed on 'lockdown.'"
The correctional officers were in the process of moving the inmates out of "male max" to another secure location in the jail so the area could be search for additional contraband.
"As the correction officer was standing inside the 'male max' unit, Booth-Harris rushes at him from the side and begins punching him in the face and head," court records state. "As soon as Booth-Harris swings his first punch, Sanders-Galvez and Morris rush to the attack location ... and Sanders-Galvez begins punching the officer in the face and head.
"The officer attempts to exit the unit, but is stopped by Sanders-Galvez, who has wrapped his hands around the officer's waist to prevent his escape. Booth-Harris continues to strike the officer."
The two inmates force the officer to the ground where they immediately begin to "kick and stomp" on the officer's head.
The female officer attempted to assist the first officer, but was held back by Morris.
"She continues to try to help the other officer, but is pushed backwards by Booth-Harris causing her to strike the back of head on the concrete floor," court records state. "She then radios for more help ... Booth-Harris then positions himself over the (male) corrections officer and begins to deliver six foot-stomps to the back and side of the officer's head as Sanders-Galvez continues to strike him in the face and head."
As the male officer again attempts to escape the attack, Sanders-Galvez approaches the officer from behind and puts him in a "choke hold." Booth-Harris continues to strike the officer in the face and head.
"It is clear that Sanders-Galvez, Booth-Harris and Morris intended to keep the officer in the unit so they can continue the attack," court records state.
During the entire attack, Morris continued his attempt to keep other officers from reaching the injured officer, who is still trapped inside the maximum unit.
"As the attack continues, the officer can be seen losing consciousness two times and the second loss of consciousness lasts for two minutes," court records state. "Sanders-Galvez and Booth-Harris continue the attack on the officer by kicking him and striking him in the head after he had lost consciousness ... The officer was clearly defenseless while unconscious."
At that point, another officer, armed with a Taser, enters the unit, court records states. At that point, the attack ends and the three inmates return to their cells.
"The three inmates then begin to clap their hands, dance and hand slap (each other) in celebration of the attack," court records state.
According to court records, the injured officer regained consciousness and was able to leave the cell under his own power. However, he immediately collapsed onto the floor outside the unit.
During a subsequent interview with investigators, the injured officer told them he "believed during the attack that Sanders-Galvez and Booth-Harris intended to kill him."
This post has been corrected. See the note below for details.
A vast building in McAllen, Texas, was once home to a Wal-Mart -- but no longer. When the discount superstore moved to a larger location, it left behind a vast empty building. The community took advantage of the space and converted the warehouse-like building into a public library.
The size of more than two football fields, the McAllen Public Library is the largest single-story library in the country, the website PSFK writes. Its conversion from vast warehouse space to functioning library has recently made it the winner of the 2012 Library Interior Design Competition by the International Interior Design Assn.
Adriana Ramirez, who teaches creative writing at the University of Pittsburgh, grew up in McAllen. "The old library on Main Street was not beautiful," she told Jacket Copy. "It was packed with books and seemed too small for the people it serviced. Of course, that was part of the charm -- always waiting your turn for the computer and spending a good amount of time finding a corner where you could read uninterrupted. The new library solves all that."
McAllen is near the southernmost tip of Texas, on the Mexico border. "In a city like McAllen, with cartel violence across the river (less than 10 miles away from the library), I think it's amazing that the city is devoting resources to a) not only saving a large and conspicuous piece of property from decline and vandalism, but b) diverting those resources into youth and the public trust," Ramirez writes. "It's easy to fall into drugs, drinking, and violence when you live on the border. It's not really easy to find a place to hang out when you're 14 that's not the mall, the movies, or Mexico. And a giant library -- a cool-looking open space devoted to entertaining the imagination? Well, I think that's the best counter-move against violence imaginable. And you don't even have to wait for a computer now."
The new McAllen Public Library opened in December 2011; after it had been open for just a month, new user registration increased by 23%.
With 40 test units created and deployed since 2013, IKEA is now ready to begin mass-producing its $1,000-per-unit temporary flat-pack house to destinations in need around the world. Much like IKEA‘s everyday products, these shelters are ready to use right out of the box – some assembly required but all needed tools included along with language-independent visual instructions.
IKEA recognized the need for more robust shelters in refugee camps and disaster areas, where temporary housing often has to hold up to severe weather and longer-than-expected durations.
The foundation developed Better Shelter as a low-cost alternative to conventional equivalents, and made to evolve over time, being adaptable by its occupants who may spend years in between more permanent homes. Earthen walls and corrugated metal roofs can be pushed up against, fastened to and ultimately help reinforce the core buildings, in some cases eventually replacing the need for underlying framework entirely.
At close to 200 square feet per unit, these are perhaps not spacious but some standards but are much larger than most emergency housing solutions, and they are meant to be augmented by exterior space and other customizations and additions.
Panels, pipes, connectors, wires as well as solar power panels for the roof are all packed flat in boxes for easy shipping. While standardized, the modules are also designed to be adapted to regional climate conditions.
Supplied to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR) by the Ikea Foundation, these new units will find homes in places they are currently used (like Ethiopia and Iraq) as well as other destinations.
Shaun Scales, UNHCR's chief of shelter and settlement, said in a press statement: “The refugee housing unit (RHU) is an exciting new development in humanitarian shelter and represents a much-needed addition to the palette of sheltering options mobilised to assist those in need. Its deployment will ensure dramatic improvement to the lives of many people affected by crises.”
Dan Holland reflects on a very disappointing day at Anfield and the end of a very encouraging start to the season.
Liverpool 0-1 Southampton
Saturday, 21st September 2013
Premier League
Anfield
As I headed to Anfield with air of optimism and a childlike excitement that I hadn't had for a number of years I was sure that another three points was inevitable and we would retain that top spot. In the very early stages the Kop seemed to mirror these feelings, full of banners and red shirts and a feeling of expectation.
However as we all know this wasn't to be the case. I may have underestimated this Southampton side and maybe so did the Liverpool squad and management team. Rather than brushing them aside we were faced with an exceptionally well organised defensive side with only their right back (Clyne) struggling with their direct opponent. They also had a highly energetic attacking midfielder who operated between the lines and gave none of our players the time on the ball they craved.
Now Southampton didn't create many chances and those that were created were of our own doing, but they also limited us to one Victor Moses strike on target and two Steven Gerrard free kicks that were well saved by the Saints number 1. Why was this? Did Brendan Rodgers get his selection wrong? Did we miss Coutinho too much? Whilst they are very valid arguments for both of these points, I believe it to be far more simple, we didn't play well!
Some of you may think this is far too trivial a reason but I disagree. From back to front in my opinion only two players earnt their wages yesterday afternoon (Toure and Moses). Yes Mignolet made some sensational saves but he was often the reason we got caught out, he wanted too long on the ball and his distribution was poor at best. Across the back only Kolo Toure was faultless, he tirelessly worked that right flank without the pace and flair of Johnson yes but those strengths are not in his locker. He was strong in the tackle and he was demanding in his leadership. Agger was unusually sloppy in poession, Skrtel was at fault in the build up to their goal. Sakho was defensively sound but cautious and laboured in attacking areas.
In midfield Lucas was in and out of the game and for the first time this season didn't look in control of that midfield area. Henderson got caught in possession on a number of occasions but in all fairness what he lacked in creativity he made up for in enthusiasm and determination and was a great outlet when switched to right back. The biggest problem for us in that midfield area was the normally ultra-reliable Steven Gerrard, there was the odd superb pass that we come to expect and of course the two free kicks. But for some reason Stevie appeared uninterested and lethargical all game, there was no encouraging of his troops or lambasting of poor play, now I know this isn't usually his style but yesterday it was needed and he was found wanting. He was also unusually sloppy with the ball, definitely a bad day at the office and hopefully it was just a one off.
Aspas was anonymous which obviously led to his withdrawal at half time, Sturridge was deprived of the ball for large periods and I may be wrong on this but don't think he touched the ball in the first 15 minutes of the game, he was however denied a blatant penalty. Moses in the first half was fantastic and his opponent couldn't live with him, in the 2nd half Southampton identified this and doubled up on him. When Sterling was introduced he was also poor, apart from one run and cross he lacked some basic techniques at vital moments.
All of the above to me identifies why we didn't win yesterday but let's look at the other two arguments. Did Brendan Rodgers get it wrong? Maybe but I'm not being too critical as he picked 10 of the eleven I would have picked, I would have picked Kelly ahead of Skrtel and moved Toure inside. Playing 4 centre backs maybe limited us going forward but did Enrique revolutionise things when he came on? No he didn't. If this squad harbours top 4 aims then that eleven should still be able to beat Southampton.
Did we miss Coutinho? Undoubtedly, as would any other team miss a player playing to the level he has since January. Had Gerrard, Aspas and Henderson offered more of an outlet and better ball retention in ‘the hole' his absence wouldn't have been so glaring!
Let's not overreact, let's not get on the managers back. Let's stay positive, we are joint third, we have some very winnable fixtures coming up and Suarez is back. He will surely operate in the number 10 role until Coutinho returns; this will give us added flair and creativity. A short report this week because the less said the better but in summary the team didn't play well and there is nothing Brendan Rodgers could do about that.
COLORADO SPRINGS, CO — A police standoff reached a dramatic conclusion when over thirty homes were evacuated and a SWAT team used explosives to blow through the structure of the home they were surrounding, inadvertently causing the floor to collapse.
* * * * *
A lawsuit has been filed over the botched raid, which took place in May 2012. An arrest warrant was issued for Mr. Ronald Brown, 54, after he had allegedly fired a gun into the ground during a disagreement on May 27.
Around 4:30 p.m. on May 29 — two days after the alleged incident — police made their move on Mr. Brown's home on Rusty Nail Point. A SWAT team was deployed because police had intel that Brown was a 20-year Army veteran and “was hostile towards law enforcement” after being charged with “harassing” a TSA agent in 2010.
The sight of armored vehicles and paramilitary officers was not enough to get Mr. Brown to exit his home, and a standoff ensued for several hours. Around 6:00 p.m. police cordoned off the neighborhood and forced approximately 33 neighboring homes to clear out for the duration of their operation.
The SWAT team knocked down the fence that surrounded Mr. Brown's home and launched teargas canisters through the windows, but Brown holed up in his basement and refused to surrender.
The siege continued until the early morning hours. Finally, the SWAT team decided to try something it had never attempted, even in training. The team set up explosives on Mr. Brown's house.
“For some reason they decide to blow a hole into the floor to get tear gas into the basement,” noted Josh Tolini, one of Mr. Brown's attorneys, according to the Colorado Springs Gazette. Tolini added that the explosives were used while a military robot was en route from Fort Carson.
The bomb blast was so great that it caused the floor to collapse along with part of the building. Mr. Brown was crushed with debris.
Thirty minutes later Mr. Brown was apprehended, after his bleeding and unconscious body endured more trauma from several concussion grenades thrown by police. Brown was found with a broken leg and a gas mask.
* * * * *
FOLLOW-UP:
In September 2014, Ron Brown sued CSPD Chief Pete Carey, Deputy Chief Vince Niski, and eight other police officers, alleging the use of excessive force.
The Civil Action Investigation Committee came to the defense of the police, claiming that “All officers were acting in the course and scope of their employment and in good faith during the incident.” The committee further stated that, “As usual, it is recommended that the city reserve the right not to pay any award of punitive damages.”
The litigation is currently pending.
{ Support Police State USA }
Story Highlights 56% of smokers believe they are discriminated against
17% who are overweight say they are victims of discrimination
Discrimination against overweight essentially unchanged since 2003
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- A majority of smokers in the U.S., 56%, believe they are at least occasionally discriminated against in public life or employment because of their smoking. In comparison, just one in six Americans (17%) who are overweight feel they have been discriminated against at some point because of their weight.
Smokers Feel Discriminated Against; Overweight People Do Not How often do you feel discriminated against in public life or employment because of your ... -- [ROTATED: every day, every week, about once a month, a few times a year, less than once a year (or) never]? Every day Every week About once a month A few times a year Less than once a year Never % % % % % % Smoking 13 8 8 13 14 44 Weight 1 2 3 7 4 83 Note: Asked of U.S. adults who are smokers and asked of U.S. adults who say they are overweight Gallup, July 5-9, 2017
Thirteen percent of smokers say they feel discrimination every day, while only a fraction of self-described overweight people (1%) say they are discriminated against daily. These results come from a July 5-9 Gallup poll on Americans' consumption habits.
Discrimination against smokers can take many forms. According to news reports, smokers often say they are discriminated against through smoking bans, including more recent bans at some parks and beaches, higher insurance rates, and not getting jobs because of their habit. Analysis of income patterns has shown smokers earn less than those who do not smoke, although this difference could result from smokers tending to have lower average levels of education than nonsmokers.
The poll is the first time Gallup has asked about smokers' perceived discrimination in this format. Previously, Gallup asked smokers whether they felt discriminated against specifically because of smoking restrictions and high cigarette taxes, and found 58% believed they were discriminated against on each account.
Gallup asked overweight Americans about perceived discrimination one other time, in July 2003. The current results are virtually unchanged from the 82% of overweight in the U.S. who expressed this same sentiment in 2003.
Percentage of Americans Who Say They Are Discriminated Against Because of Weight Holds Steady How often do you feel discriminated against in public life or employment because of your weight -- [ROTATED: every day, every week, about once a month, a few times a year, less than once a year (or) never]? Every day Every week About once a month A few times a year Less than once a year Never % % % % % % July 2017 1 2 3 7 4 83 July 2003 2 2 4 5 4 82 Note: Asked of U.S. adults who say they are overweight Gallup
Fast Company quotes those who are overweight as saying they have faced discrimination because of hiring practices or not getting salary raises and promotions. Others have pointed to bullying and peer pressure while growing up, though most Americans who are overweight say they are never discriminated against in public life or their workplace.
Bottom Line
As the smoking rate continues to drop -- 17% of Americans in Gallup's July survey say they smoke -- fewer U.S. adults may potentially be subject to anti-smoking discrimination. But current smokers say they are discriminated against, with 13% saying they face discrimination daily. While there are smokers' rights groups in the U.S. fighting against discrimination, Gallup has found that the economic cost of smoking is significant.
Adults who smoke accrue $2,132 more per year in healthcare costs than nonsmokers, adding $92 billion in annual healthcare costs to the U.S. economy. These added healthcare costs do not justify discrimination, but they may contribute to perceptions of discrimination. Secondhand smoke and its effects are also likely a factor in discrimination.
In that same Gallup survey, adults who are overweight are calculated to accumulate about $378 more per person each year in healthcare costs than those who are not overweight, while those who are technically obese have $1,580 more in costs per person every year. Not as many overweight Americans feel discriminated against, but one in six do.
Both behaviors have health costs and clearly a stigma associated with each. There are fewer smokers than people who are overweight, but smokers are more likely to feel the brunt of this stigma.
Historical data are available in Gallup Analytics.
Kanye West brought The Life of Pablo to Coachella this year, or at least he tried his best, as the Chicago rapper made a surprise appearance during A$AP Rocky's set at the Outdoor Theatre to perform "Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 1." A few clips of his performance have made it online, and based on what's available and what people at the festival are saying, Kanye had some microphone issues, with Rap-Up reporting the sound was cut due to the performance going into overtime.
Kanye wanted to do another song with Rocky, but they cut the sound #Overtime #Coachella — Rap-Up (@RapUp) April 16, 2016
None other than Kanye West joined A$AP Rocky for his final number as this grainy photo clearly shows. #Coachella pic.twitter.com/Ns6hiNU9u7 — Shad Powers (@shad_powers) April 16, 2016
Kanye's drop-in was more clumsy than triumphant. He did half a song and set abruptly ended. When mics were cut off due to time. #Coachella — Shad Powers (@shad_powers) April 16, 2016
This counts as 'Ye's second appearance in as many years at Coachella. If you remember, both The Weeknd and Stromae brought him out on stage during their respective sets last year. A$AP Rocky's performance is airing on the Coachella live stream, tune in here.
I recently worked on a performance project for a client. In this article I will detail the context of the project and explain what we learned and implemented, hoping it can help some of you.
Some context
The app:
An internal financial tool for a big company letting managers view and update workload costs per projects and departments. Therefore a lot of dynamic data computation and representation through tables. The main page of the app is a full synthesis in a table letting the user drill down to a single project cost, while displaying the total amount per departments that own the project.
The stack:
Angular 1.4.8
Loopback 2.22.2
PSQL 9.3.14
The pain point:
The synthesis page was developed in such a way that all the data treatment is done in the front-end at first load, and then no matter which filter you click on, the calculation being already done, just needs to be displayed. Hence the page loading is extremely slow.
The impact:
In Production on corporate computers, the synthesis page took tens of seconds to load (or even crash)
On a development environment, the page took 17 seconds to load
In the end, most users preferred to export the data in an Excel file rather than using the app
Our investigation
The challenge was exciting, especially since we did not know either the app, the problem it answered or its code.
First advice, before rushing for fixes:
1- Take the time to understand the overall purpose of the app, and the business complexity of its features by talking with the project stakeholders and interviewing users
2- Acquaint yourself with the code base
3- Investigate the possible reasons for performance issues
In order to understand what was taking so long, and how our improvements would impact the performance, we used different reporting tools:
Timeline (Chrome dev console)
Purpose: Understand what from loading, scripting, rendering or painting was the slowest.
Understand what from loading, scripting, rendering or painting was the slowest. Result: The responsibility was well shared between loading (API calls) and scripting (Javascript and Angular).
Network (Chrome dev console)
Purpose: In the network tab of the console, we got a detail of what was queried to the server, and if those queries were all necessary, unique and optimized.
In the network tab of the console, we got a detail of what was queried to the server, and if those queries were all necessary, unique and optimized. Result: Several queries were sending the full data-table instead of the necessary elements. One same query could be made several times with the same data but for different components of the page.
Loopback Explorer
Purpose: Strip the global context out in order to investigate specific sensitive queries performance. Start from heavy queries found in the network console and query them directly to understand what's problematic.
Strip the global context out in order to investigate specific sensitive queries performance. Start from heavy queries found in the network console and query them directly to understand what's problematic. Result: Some queries were taking above 5 seconds to send back a result because they were requiring heavy join from the ORM.
Batarang (Chrome extension)
Purpose: Angular performance tool, to know the number of $digest cycles and active watchers.
Angular performance tool, to know the number of cycles and active watchers. Result: With more than 200,000 watchers for the last 30 $digest cycles, we sure had an issue here.
Server profiling
Purpose: Understand how the server/hardware handles the app.
Understand how the server/hardware handles the app. Result: Our application was sharing its server with others. We could see with a top that the CPU was skyrocketing on single requests, and mainly that the RAM was fully taken. By lack of time and knowledge, we did not use any more sophisticated tool regarding profiling, but it is worth spending time on it: it was in the end the main source of our problem.
The solutions
With all these answers in hand, it was time to prioritize our actions, and start developing the improvements. From what we learned, each aspect (Front-End, Back-End, Server) of the app needed an equal attention.
Staging ISO-prod
It is extremely important to have a staging environment ISO to production, in order to directly feel the pain it might end up doing in production, and avoid unpleasant surprises the day your app officially opens to final users.
Ergonomy
Despite many efforts you will make in order to have a more performing app, the one true rule is to pay attention to its ergonomy. A bad ergonomy will very often be the main reason why an app is heavy. The most incriminating part of the app, the one we were working on, was such a dense and complicated feature, that both users and developers were losing themselves in its complexity. If the ergonomy had been tailored and simplified for user needs, the developers would not have had so much trouble working on the app, the code structure would have been evenly simplified and the app would have been lighter.
Angular
ng-if vs ng-show
Our table had to include several embedded ng-repeat to display properly the table tree. In the leaves of this tree, one directive was hidden with ng-show (depending on the users chosen filters). The issue in doing that is that Angular will generate those elements, and keep them in the DOM. It weighs heavy on performance, by just setting a ng-if instead, we were able to win precious seconds.
One time binding
A special type of data binding between the controller and the view in Angular: this special $scope variable is processed and rendered at controller construction, and then the binding is "cut". If the variable changes in the controller, the front won't be re-rendered. This binding allows for a lighter component state, hence lighter $digest cycles.
ng-repeat
It is known that Angular is struggling with ng-repeat . As much as possible if you can, find a way to avoid having too many ng-repeat , especially embedded in one another, like we had.
Heavy $scope
The scope of the main table controller was crowded. Too many variables and functions were assigned to it. Not each of these needed to be bound to the $scope . Sometimes it was only done so in order to be able to test the function. We decided to create additional services for these functions, first they were easier to test, the controller was clearer, and the scope lighter, hence lighter $digest cycles.
$scope functions in view
Many functions were called during the view rendering, directly placed in the HTML through { myFunctionInTheHTML } . It generated more complication during the render, and even more if a re-render was necessary. We decided to refactor this as much as possible in order to have most of the processing done directly in the controller.
Loopback / Ops
Table relations with Loopback
Loopback ORM joins data from different tables in Javascript instead of SQL. As our operations required to treat a big amount of data, we decided to rewrite the queries in SQL directly.
Limit the number of similar API calls
The table was accompanied by many filters. The lists of some of those filters were the same but one different request was made to fill each of them. We decided to cache the first call and use the cache to fill up the other filters.
Limit the data sent by the API to the necessary
At page loading, around 5 big queries were made to the API, and each of them was retrieving full tables from the database. We selected the exact fields and filters necessary during API call-time to lighten the retrieved objects.
Set NODE_ENV to “production”
When you set NODE_ENV to "production", Express/Loopback cache view templates, cache CSS files generated from CSS extensions and generate less verbose error messages.
Cluster your node.js
If your server has a CPU with many cores, don't hesitate to see if it wouldn't be interesting to share the traffic weight on each of them through node.js clustering. We decided not to do that, because we were mainly having issues with the RAM of our server.
Cache request results
With Nginx for instance, you can cache the result of requests. Your app won't have to repeat the same operation several times.
Upgrade the server
If your server is struggling and you were not capable to improve the perf of your app with all the above solutions, maybe it's time to upgrade your server material power. We had to do so, and it changed the lives of our users.
Conclusion
Working on performance is a scary moment. It is like facing the great unknown, without knowing if we will come back from it. I hope that if you see yourself in a situation close to ours, this article will give you precious leads on what and how to investigate.
This article is aimed at helping the community. If you saw something that might deserve some more details or other solutions I did not detail, please don't hesitate to react to this article directly, and let us know what we could have done better.
A DRUGGED-UP teenager bit into a female garda's chest and screamed: “If you can't beat them, eat them.”
Megan McQuaide, 19, had been arrested after she was involved in a traffic accident in Barnesmore, Co Donegal, on June 24.
Newspix 2 Meghan McQuaide
The teen, of Strand Road, Co Derry, was a passenger in a car but was uninjured. She was spotted by cops standing in the road, shouting and hitting out at emergency services.
She was taken to hospital but had to be accompanied by gardai due to her behaviour.
McQuaide was later arrested for public order offences and taken to Letterkenny Garda Station after being physically aggressive to hospital staff.
But as the teen was being released into the care of her grandmother, she sank her teeth into the chest of a female garda, shouting: “If you can't beat them, eat them.” Letterkenny District Court heard how the accused broke through clothing and into the skin of the garda, causing her severe bruising.
The court also heard McQuaide, who pleaded guilty to public order and assault charges, had a history of using both prescribed and unprescribed drugs.
Newspix 2 The teen is from Derry
Solicitor Patsy Gallagher said that at the time of the incident, his client was “in a drug confused hell but is in a different place today and trying her best”.
Judge Paul Kelly ordered a Probation report on McQuaide and adjourned the case until January 15.
Earlier this year, Google Assistant added a useful and quick shortcut for taking a screenshot. Assistant is now adding the ability to capture your screen by verbally asking or typing “Take a screenshot.”
The screenshot command in Google Assistant is a fairly recent addition, but functions exactly like the button method. As such, the navigation and status bar are not visible in resulting captures.
It can be activated by either saying or typing “Take a screenshot.” After a brief loading screen, the system Share panel will slide up. The command will also appear in your history of previous Assistant actions.
This new feature also works when the Assistant panel is taking up the entire screen and even after you've asked several questions before issuing the command. “Take a screenshot” will always capture what's “behind” the Assistant panel.
The verbal command is particularly useful and comes as some have noticed in the past day that the screenshot button has disappeared from Assistant. That chip, along with the “What can you do?” option, has disappeared on two of my devices, though it remains on my colleague's phones.
Meanwhile, the built-in screenshot editor that we first encountered several months ago and in a recent Google app teardown is still not yet available for most users.
Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news:
Bill and Hillary Clinton were barely out of kindergarten in 1953 when Clyde McPhatter and the Drifters recorded what could be the former first couple's theme song, “Money Honey,” with the refrain, "You gotta have money, honey, if you want to get along with me."
Money is clearly honey to the Clintons, and they have been busy as bees collecting it in speech income and gifts to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Foundation. To put some numbers on it:
Since 2001, according to The New York Times, the Clintons have earned $125 million in speaking fees. The Washington Post says the Clinton Foundation has raised "close to $2 billion from a vast global network that includes corporate titans, political donors, foreign governments, and other wealthy interests," including $262 million in 2013 alone, the year after Hillary stepped down as Secretary of State and began running for president. That money seems to be piling up. Between 2008 and 2013 the foundation gave away less than $90 million of the more than $640 million it collected.
During most of this time, Bill Clinton has been the chief breadwinner for the family and the foundation because Mrs. Clinton was in public office as a senator and Secretary of State until the end of 2012. But Hillary began giving speeches for pay in 2014, and the family's combined speech income for 2014 and the first four months of 2015 was $25 million. Not bad.
That's on top of Bill Clinton's federal pension and office allowance of nearly $1 million a year, and the millions earned by Hillary's books.
Impressive as these numbers are, others earn more. Top CEOs routinely make more than the annual average Clinton family speech income of $7.5 million since Bill left office. The New York Yankees' Alex Rodriguez is paid $27.5 million a year. Madonna earned $125 million in just one 12-month period from 2012 to 2013, according to Forbes Magazine, which says that over a similar period a year later Justin Timberlake took in $80 million.
A-Rod and Madonna are selling skill and entertainment. It is not so clear what the Clintons are selling, but there are some hints. Clearly it is not performance tickets, records, or commercial endorsements. Their money, and their foundation's money, does not come from millions of individual fans making small purchases, but from a small universe of governments, big-time corporations, and individuals.
The Clintons may be charming, but their audiences have heard their messages many times in the past 14 years. What the corporate chiefs, political donors, and others who pay their very high speaking fees appear to want, above all, is access.
The New York Times has documented how Bill Clinton's ability to open doors helped Canadian investors reap a fortune when he eased their access to decision-makers in Kazakhstan, who approved their purchase of uranium mining assets, to which they later added U.S. uranium assets. They sold all this to a state-owned Russian energy company, giving it a near monopoly on uranium. Said the Times, "The investors gave millions to the Clinton Foundation over the same period, while Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton's office was involved with approving the Russian bid."
There is no apparent smoking gun here. But there is a pattern. For instance, when Hillary was Secretary of State, Bill's speech income rose, as did the fees he was collecting. Figures compiled by The Washington Post show that from 2001 to 2008, Bill gave 11 speeches for which he charged $300,000 or more. During the next four years, when Hillary was Secretary of State, the number of his speeches paying $300,000 or more rose to 28, and Bill's top fee approximately doubled to over $750,000 for a single speech.
The Wall Street Journal reported this year that “at least 60 companies that lobbied the State Department during [Hillary Clinton's] tenure donated a total of more than $26 million to the Clinton Foundation.”
Maybe those with enough income to afford to purchase access to Bill and Hillary are seeking nothing in return. But the appearance is otherwise. As Harvard Law School Professor Lawrence Lessig put it in a recent Washington Post article, "quid pro quo" is not the only form of corruption. "Corruption is not just a contract," he wrote. "Corruption is also a kind of economy -- an economy of influence that leads any sane soul to the fair belief that private influence has affected public policy."
There is also nothing new here. Many politicians in the nation's history have been engaged in some form of "pay to play" in which money buys access. But few have done it with such apparent brazen gusto as Mr. and Mrs. Clinton. Voters nevertheless have seemed to tolerate their well-reported history of raising money in curious ways. Who can forget the "For Rent" sign they implicitly put on the Lincoln Bedroom when they occupied the White House, or their firing of the White House travel staff so they could bring in some Arkansas buddies? Or what they presented as Mrs. Clinton's amazingly deft hand in trading cattle futures, when it was common knowledge in Little Rock that it was just Don Tyson's way of putting a little cash in their hands?
That is what makes Mrs. Clinton's advocacy of strict campaign spending controls rather amusing. Some have unfairly accused her of hypocrisy for denouncing current campaign spending law while speaking to wealthy donors in California and accepting help from Super PACs that can be used to hide the sources of campaign funds. Her Republican opponents are using the same tools.
But when she says, with a straight face, that she opposes "unaccountable money" in politics, there should be a word for that: Hillarious.
By Sanjay Pandey
Kaliachak, Malda: On 3 January, the Edara-e-Shariyah called for a protest march in Kaliachak, a nondescript, dirty town lodged in the gullet of the Siliguri Corridor – or what is known as the chicken's neck – a sliver of northern West Bengal hemmed in by Nepal and Bhutan in the north and Bangladesh in the south.
The Muslim organisation, hitherto unheard of outside Malda district, within which Kaliachak lies, was angered at what it alleged were defamatory remarks made against Prophet Muhammad. The offensive speech was delivered by the Hindu leader Kamlesh Tiwari in Lucknow on 2 December, 2015, a month before the protest march.
According to district administration estimates, close to 1.5 lakh people attended the Kaliachak rally. As speakers delivered their perorations, a group of protestors broke away. The band rushed towards Kaliachak police station, ostensibly angered at the recklessness with which a Border Security Force vehicle, a Mahindra Bolero, sped through the crowd, endangering lives. This gang of men hurled stones and kerosene bombs at the police station, setting it ablaze. The pack then turned towards Baliadanga, a residential block behind the police station, singling out homeowners for abuse.
Late in the afternoon — police have the time as 3 pm — a special containment unit was dispatched from Malda to Kaliachak. Violence was contained that same day.
Local newspapers and soon the national media began to trace the narrative of that day's violence along a communal arc — fed mostly by statements of young Hindu men in Ghariyalichak, a Muslim neighbourhood in Kaliachak, who said they felt the real targets of mob fury were their temples. The West Bengal chapter of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh was quick to back these claims.
I spent three days in Kaliachak a fortnight after the riots, to understand what caused it and to examine if it was indeed communal in spirit or if it was purely criminal in intent. It became quickly apparent that clambering up such a binary tree would prove ill-advised. But a couple of preliminary indicators did point in the direction of unlawful rather than purely religious motivation, and bore the markings of a criminal conspiracy.
The first was the behaviour of the mob at the police station. Of particular interest was the focus of its violent energies — the file storage unit and the evidence repository. According to my sources in the police force, files related to gang networks in Kaliachak were incinerated, and seized poppy resin and counterfeit currency looted.
Second, identifying Baliadanga, which is a predominately Hindu neighbourhood, after the gang had destroyed police records and stolen poppy seeds hinted that this was a deliberate diversionary tactic, one intended to create “a beautiful cocktail of crime and communalism”, as a lawyer from Baliadanga, Asit Baran Choudhury, put it to me.
That this breakaway gang of men followed a script became all the more evident when I obtained footage of the riots (see video). The man who recorded it is heard barking orders, orchestrating riotousness and curating the action. “Burn it! Burn it! Set the van on fire, I will pay for petrol,” he shouts. “Yes, snap the telephone wire, the b*****s won't be able to make calls.”
I began my inquiries by asking about this gang and its antecedents. No one from Kaliachak I interviewed for this article was willing to speak on record. No one from the Muslim community agreed to speak to me. Almost everyone was unanimous, if hesitant, in naming the two men they said were responsible for the group's actions on 3 January in specific, and illicit activity in Kaliachak in general. These were cousins Asadulla Biswas and Tuhoor Ali Biswas or Tuhoor Mahajan. They were estranged over two decades ago, I was told, and had since grappled over control of Ajgubidhap, a lake spread over 100 acres, and used primarily for fish farming. “At least 250 people from Moazampur and Narayanpur have died in the gang wars so far. But not a single case has been registered as the bodies are hurriedly buried and families given adequate compensation,” a political activist told me.
Their rivalry intensified turn when Biswas, a Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPM) henchman who had just switched loyalty to Trinamool Congress (TMC) before the crucial 2011 state elections, allegedly ordered the killing of Congress muscleman Tuhoor's son Ismail.
The timing of the Kaliachak attack
Biswas and Tuhoor face charges of murder, counterfeiting, and smuggling drugs and arms. According to Asit Baran Choudhury, who was the public prosecutor in several cases against the cousins, there are at least 50 cases pending against each of them in Malda Sessions Court
It isn't just local law enforcement that's tracking the two men. The National Investigation Agency has found signs of their involvement in poppy farming, smuggling opium, counterfeit currency and arms.
“Though they are avowed enemies, a common purpose (to destroy evidence stored in the police station) brought them together. But it was not possible for them to galvanise such a huge crowd on their own, so they must have prompted outfits like Edara-e-Sharia to organise a protest against Kamlesh Tiwari's derogatory remarks against Prophet Mohammed. That would eventually be hijacked by their supporters,” said Ujjwal Pandey, a BJP youth wing leader from Malda.
I wanted to meet one or both these men, the chances of which were bleak, but if they did grant me an audience, it would be at Moazampur, I was told. A big car would attract attention, so I rode pillion on a motorbike. A 20-minute journey on traffic-choked NH-34 and a detour later, we reached the village. It was 2 pm. I had been warned beforehand that it was imperative I return by dusk. Fifteen minutes later we crossed a small bridge and rode up to a large lake. The local journalist accompanying me said this was Ajgubidhap.
I didn't meet the cousins that day – police officials in Moazampur told me Biswas was “absconding” and there was no word about Tuhoor – but I was shown acres of opium poppy fields. The plant was being cultivated in plain sight, just off the road to Kadamtala a neighbourhood in Moazampur panchayat.
Our presence hadn't gone unnoticed. A lanky, half-clothed teenager stopped his bicycle near our bike, threw us a menacing stare and sped away. We decided to leave. A few kilometres down the village road, we spotted poppy being grown everywhere, just off the path, in the backyards of houses, and in the fields — like wheat or paddy.
I'd asked to meet a poppy farmer and was taken to the home of a 30-year-old teacher. He showed us around his backyard, which was covered with opium poppy. A cricket match was underway in the field next to his house. Each four or six was met with staccato gunshot celebrations. The teacher dismissed it as “just crackers”. The sharp report of gunfire increased in frequency and the teacher led us inside his home for safety.
“The cops have destroyed the crops several times. But for the past three years, we have been growing poppy without any fear, as every farmer started paying Rs 6,000 per bigha (a third of an acre) to the police,” said the teacher (he is seen wearing a red t-shirt and striped lungi in the video we shot). “People are switching to poppy farming because it gives them good money in a short span of time. It takes three months to mature and makes the field available to grow other crops for the rest of the year.”
The teacher told us Hindu farmers in particular had been lured into cultivating opium poppy, which led me to a small village near Mohdipur checkpoint, dominated by that community. I made plans to visit it the next day. This time, I was in an SUV, accompanied by a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh activist, whose presence would make it easier to talk to people in the village.
Poppy is a new entrant to Mohdipur; it became the preferred crop in Kaliachak eight to 10 years ago. “Influential Muslims of Moazampur (he meant Biswas and Mahajan) brought this to our area. It first started in Kaliachak, but in the past three or four years, it has spread through the Hindu villages also. They are tempting us to shift to poppy-farming by offering money in advance with a condition that the resin be sold only to them,” a 35-year-old farmer t0ld me. “But unlike farmers of Moazampur, we are paid just half the market rate. Say it sells for Rs 1 lakh per kilo, we will be paid only Rs 65,000.”
I was led to the fields. Farmers here are understandably jittery. They spring to attention at the slightest inkling of trouble, like nervous antelope. I began to shoot spycam footage while pretending to ask for directions to the next village. Soon, people began to rush out of their homes, cellphones pressed against their ears. News had come in that district administration officials had begun destroying poppy fields in neighbouring villages.
We left Mohdipur in a hurry. I was told later that the man who had shown us around had been questioned by villagers and roughed up. Back in Malda, sources at the police superintendent's office told me: “BSF, Narcotics Control Bureau officials and local police are carrying out joint raids on poppy farms, destroying approximately 100 acres a day.”
Last year, the district administration destroyed 4,000 acres of poppy crop. This year, around 1,000 acres have destroyed so far. The purge is carried out by the Narcotics Control Bureau, local police and the BSF.
The unmaking of Malda
In the past four decades, Malda turned from a region producing raw silk yarn and mango to a clearing house for opium, counterfeit currency and illegal arms. According to locals and police officials, this is primarily because the Left, which ruled West Bengal for three decades, largely ignored the district, seeing little political capital in expending energy on a cluster of villages loyal to the Congress. “Over the years, people got lured into producing drugs,” said West Bengal's Food Processing Minister Krishnendu Narayan Choudhury. If nothing, the Kaliachak attack has jolted awake the TMC government and impelled Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee to destroy the region's poppy plantations.
“Our government is very serious to develop horticulture, sericulture and vegetable farming. Through this, we want to give them a parallel economy. If you don't give them a parallel economy, they will drift towards poppy farming. We need to convince them of what is legal and illegal. If they still want to grow poppy, they will have to rot in jail and their families will suffer. But if the farmers grow traditional crops, they will earn less money, but will be able to give their families happy and peaceful lives,” said Choudhury.
The government, he said, plans to launch a “proper campaign” against poppy farming.
“We intend to convey the message through Gambhira (the popular folk dance of the area). Social activists, police and BSF personnel will also be roped into keep farmers away from poppy farming,” he told me. “If someone colludes with international criminals and tries to destroy our local economy, we will not spare them, no matter what their political and religious allegiance.”
But the gangs that ply their trade on the drug route are entrenched and determined. Folk dance and activists are unlikely to prevail upon them. The villagers of Narayanpur and Moazampur typify this resilience. They began trading in marijuana and restricted pharmaceutical drugs when a barbed-wire fence was erected along the Indo-Bangladesh border, a decade ago. Soon, they switched to opium. The resin they harvest from the poppy fields is sent across the border, or to Murshidabad, 150 km south of Malda. Here, it is processed to make heroin or brown sugar. The pecuniary benefits are felt at every section of the supply chain. Each bigha of land under poppy cultivation produces about 4 kg of resin. Each kilo fetches between 2 lakh and 2.5 lakh. Earlier, when farmers here grew wheat, they earned Rs 15 per kilo when prices were at their highest – a bigha of land yields about 800 kg of wheat. According to farmers in Kaliachak, an investment of Rs 10,000 in wheat resulted in profit of Rs 2,000-Rs 5,000.
A poppy farmer told me police officials didn't just permit cultivation of the crop, they were actively engaged in growing it. He named two officers – Pradip Sarkar, a sub-inspector and Ram Saha, assistant sub-inspector – who he said are particularly active. They retained their positions as senior inspectors in Kaliachak police station for ten years before being transferred to Harishchandrapur and Gajol police stations after the 3 January attack. I was unable to locate them during my three days in Kaliachak. Additional Superintendent of Police Abhishek Modi remained noncommittal. I called Inspector General of Police North Bengal RN Babu, who presides over Malda, two days after I returned to Kolkata. He agreed to talk to me but the moment I steered the conversation towards the violence in Kaliachak and the opium trade in the region, the phone line went dead.
That apart, there are no cases filed against Sarkar or Saha and it is unclear if local law enforcement will act against them – or Biswas and Mahajan – to signal its new-found enthusiasm in curbing narcotics trafficking.
It is clear, however, that this network has metastasised. A senior TMC leader told me poppy is now grown in North Dinajpur, Birbhum and Nadia, all of which are perched in the fertile Gangetic plains. “The epidemic has spread. Assadulla Biswas has become the Mullah Omar of our area. If something is not done immediately, Malda and the neighbouring districts will soon become India's Afghanistan,” he said.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A few months ago, I wrote a long entry here about the "Sudoku Sledgehammer". It caused a little bit of discussion, but the problem that most people reported is that it could really use a few more examples. So, during the last Gathering for Gardner, I was preparing some images for this entry, when Ed Pegg, Jr. looked over my shoulder and said that I should present them at the Gathering, and he graciously gave up some of his presentation time for it. Quite a few people came up to me afterwards thanking me for an interesting presentation. (I think it was mostly because it was short.) Anyway. The example I'll use is the final puzzle from the World Sudoku Championship:
(I'm going to assume that you know what a Sudoku puzzle is and what the rules are.) A bit of a note on how the WSC worked. About 100 participants had one day of solving multiple Sudoku puzzles, and the top 9 were chosen to be in the playoffs the next day. Each round of playoffs lasted 15 minutes, and at the end of the 15 minutes, the player with the lowest "score" (correct squares minus incorrect squares) was eliminated. This went down until the field was of size 3, and then the last puzzle determined the final ranking. Incidentally, the best Sudoku solver in the world (in my opinion) was eliminated in the penultimate round, by a puzzle that was (in my opinion) too difficult to really be a good gauge of logical ability. (Puzzle competition organizers tend to think that one really difficult puzzle is a better gauge of ability among top players than several medium-level ones. I think that's a mistake; all that happens is that the top players realize that their best chance of solving it in a short amount of time is to start guessing when they get stuck.) But I digress. Anyway, when most beginners (especially computer-oriented ones) encounter a puzzle, they tend to create something like:
Each of those little numbers I'm calling a Placement. For instance, the upper-left corner, being empty, can contain a 4, 6, 8, or 9. (I've done the "obvious" and eliminated 1, 2, 3, 5, and 7 already.) If you look at any "How to Solve Sudoku" book or website, you'll see that it tries to teach you lots of different rules on the sorts of deductions you can make regarding these puzzles. One of my discoveries (or rediscoveries, although I don't know of anyone else who has mentioned it) is that almost all of these rules are part of a very general rule, which I call the Sledgehammer. Here's a method to visualizing the Sledgehammer:
Here we have a Venn diagram with 9 elements and 4 sets. We're trying to solve a constraint-satisfaction puzzle by removing elements, and the constraint we have is that there is exactly one element in each set. In other words, try to pick some items in that diagram above such that each loop has exactly one item in it. Try it now. You'll find that there are several solutions (3, in fact), but they all end up with two stars. The square and triangles are never used. A more general statement might be: Suppose we have two "Premises" (the red loops), which don't share any elements in common. Suppose we have two "Conclusions" (the green loops), which can share elements in common. Finally, suppose that all the elements in red are also in green (in the example, the stars and square). Then, we can conclude two things: All the non-red green elements (in the example, the triangles) are not in the solution.
in the solution. All elements in more than one green loop (in the example, the square and one of the triangles) are not in the solution. Why? Well, the elements in red loops already account for two symbols in the solution, and so... ...anything non-red chosen would end up having more than two elements chosen for only two green loops; and
elements chosen for only green loops; and ...any "double-counted" elements would result in some green loop with too many elements. Note that the number two was arbitrary; we can replace the two with any other number and it will work just fine. Let's see how this applies to some deductions in our Sudoku puzzle.
Here's probably the most basic rule, sometimes called a "Single." The cell labeled J doesn't contain 1, 3, 7, or 9 (because of the row), and it doesn't contain 2, 4, 5, 6 (because of the column). Therefore, we know it must contain an 8. The relevant set diagram looks like this:
In this diagram, "A5" means "5 goes into the cell labeled A", "B5" means "5 goes into the cell labeled B", and so on. Each one of those is a Placement (defined above). The first four tall loops are "Column-based Rules". For instance, the first one, containing A5 through J5, can be thought of as the rule "there is exactly one 5 in the column ABCDPQRSJ." The next four tall loops are "Row-based Rules". For instance, the last one, containing E1 through J1, can be thought of as the rule "There is exactly one 1 in the row EFGHJKLMN." There are also "Region-based Rules", but not in this example. All the other loops are "Cell-based Rules". For instance, the bottom loop, containing J5 through J8, means "there is exactly one digit in cell J". The small loop at the top containing only A5 means "there is exactly one digit in cell A" -- normally it would contain A1, A2, A3, A4, A6, A7, A8, and A9, but we've eliminated those since it was a given that cell A contained a 5. Now, let's look at a Premise-Conclusion pair:
The Sledgehammer rule applies here; there's one Premise (in red), one Conclusion (in green), and all the red is part of the green. Therefore, we can eliminate all the non-red green elements. Doing this for all the vertical pairs results in:
Now, the last horizontal set has only one element left. Whenever that happens it means that we have determined a Placement that must be in the solution, so we can write 8 into the space labeled J. Let's look at a different basic heuristic:
This heuristic is sometimes called a "Naked Single." The 7 in cell A and the 7 in cell E mean that a 7 cannot be in cells B, C, D, or G. Since F is the only unoccupied cell left in the bottom Region, a 7 must go into cell F. Here's what the set diagram looks like:
There's much more of a variety of Rules here. I've gotten a bit lazier here and didn't bother writing out all the Placements in the BCDE row and the ABG column, although I did write out all the Placements in the "F has a digit" Rule. Looking for Premise-Conclusions:
Here we have two Premises (in red) and two Conclusions (in green). Note that in this particular case we could've chosen them separately, but it doesn't really matter; we can easily remove the non-red green elements:
At this point we could just write 7 in the F cell, but just to be completist I'll point out that the sledgehammer also can draw an "obvious" conclusion that once we know a 7 goes in F, nothing else can go in there:
Okay. Now it's time for a medium-level heuristic:
This heuristic is called Pointing Pairs by some. It goes: Look at the right Region. Because of the 2 in A and the 2 in E, we know that the 2 can't go in C, F, or G, so that means the 2 must be in B or D. That means that the 2 in that column is in B or D, so a 2 cannot be in H, L, or N in the lower-right Region. Also, because of the 2 in A and the 2 in K, there cannot be a 2 in J, M, or P. Therefore, the 2 in the lower-right region must be in Q. That's quite a mouthful. Let's look at the set diagram:
I'm not going to explain the sets this time; you should be able to figure them out for yourself. Here's a Sledgehammer coloring:
This allows us to eliminate C2, F2, G2, J2, L2, M2, and P2. As an aside, it's worth pointing out that often after applying Sledgehammer for a while, you'll end up with identical sets:
Here the two purple loops are identical, and really don't need to be both drawn to clutter up our diagram. (If you ever read my source code that implements the Sledgehammer and wonder what the "Enslave" function is supposed to do... now you know.)
After cleaning up our diagram it's pretty easy to see another Sledgehammer application:
And after eliminating H2 and N2, we're done. In the actual compeition, if you had paused time and looked at all three finalists' grids at the 5-minute mark, you would've seen this:
You see, at this point, we were all stuck! There's no obvious way as to how to proceed; certainly none of the medium-level heuristics were getting us anywhere. (Except for placing an 8 in cell U ... forgot that one when I was making the diagram.) Faced with possibly stiff competition and only 10 minutes left, each of us guessed; with the championship determined by the luckiest guesser. Ah, but if only any of us had seen this set diagram:
Note here that to simplify the diagram a bit, I've removed the trivial Placements from the Cell Rule sets. for example, there's a set at top center with D6 and D9; properly, it should also have D1, D2, D3, D4, D5, D7, and D8, but since those digits can be eliminated from D by Row, Column, and Region Rules, I've not bothered to draw them in. You may want to stop here and check the loops to make sure you understand each of them. As it turns out, there are three advanced deductions you can make here:
The top one is known as an X-Wing: Since there's a 9 in D or Z (because of the column), and a 9 in H or CC (because of the column), you can deduce that there's no 9 in E, F, G, AA, or BB. The middle one is known as an Hidden Pair: Since the 1 in the top Region can only go in C or F, and the 6 can only go in C or F, we can deduce that no other digits can go in C or F. The bottom one is known as Naked Pair: Since cell A can only be 2 or 6, and cell V can only be 2 or 6, we can eliminate 2 and 6 from all the other cells in the column. You may be a bit surprised to see that these three rules, while all very different in the Sudoku grid, look amazingly similar in the set diagram. That illustrates the main power of the Sledgehammer theory -- that it shows that most of these heuristics are actually the same once you realize the symmetric relationships between the different constraints. Anyway, let's apply the Sledgehammer, eliminate some Placements, and look for some more applicable Premise-Conclusion groups:
These three are much simpler to explain. They're all Pointing Pairs. Note that the fewer loops are involved, the simpler the heuristic tends to be to explain. Anyway, eliminating another round leads to:
Up to now, we haven't been able to reduce any loop down to just one element, so we haven't been able to write anything in. But here, finally, we have a complex three-ring Premise-Conclusion group (a Naked Triple), allowing us to eliminate the B4 Placement and finally prove that cell K must contain a 4! After that, the rest of the puzzle should be easy, so I won't solve it here. (Well, you may want to take a note that during that complex process we also eliminated AA6 and AA9.) I hope this gives a much better feel for how the Sledgehammer concept works. Please drop me an e-mail (onigame at gmail.com) if you have any questions, suggestions, ideas for making it easier, etc. One more thing worth mentioning: Although almost all known Sudoku heuristics can be stated as a Sledgehammer situation, and Sledgehammer heuristics can solve almost all Sudoku puzzles, not all of them can be. Usually those that cannot are those that are meant when solvers talk about "puzzles that require guessing" or "puzzles that cannot be solved by logic alone. I hope to explore those sorts of situations in a later blog entry. Good luck, and have fun!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Pro-EU campaign boss in clash with Conservative MP
Lord Rose, the former Marks & Spencer boss who heads the pro-EU campaign group Britain Stronger In Europe, has been accused of a "scandalous misuse of data" as he appeared before MPs.
Tory MP Andrew Tyrie claimed the organisation was presenting as fact CBI figures which estimate the benefits of being in the EU are worth £3,000 a year to the average UK household.
He said the data was an "inference".
Lord Rose hit back, accusing the MP of "calling my reputation into question".
Appearing before the Treasury Select Committee, the former retailer said he stood by the figure and separate calculations produced by the CBI that estimate that EU membership benefits the UK economy to the tune of about 4-5% of output.
'Misleading'
During heated exchanges, Mr Tyrie said the figures were being given far greater weight and prominence than they deserved by the In campaign.
"You're leading the campaign with this number - it's one of the most important components to your case," he said.
"Economists have told us it is intellectually dishonest to persist with these claims. Don't you think you should take this back - and see if for the next four months we can have a campaigned based on something more reliable? Don't you think we owe the public something more reliable?"
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lord Rose asked whether workers' wages would rise after EU exit?
Lord Rose suggested the MP had "impugned his integrity" and said his 45 years in business had given him first-hand knowledge of the subject of EU membership.
"I have worked in Europe, I have lived in Europe. I have imported to Europe, I have exported to Europe. I have hired people in Europe. I have fired people in Europe. I know Europe pretty well."
He added: "We will never arrive on a number we agree on... whatever the number is... there is a benefit that accrues from being in the EU."
The Conservative peer has also been criticised by Out campaigners after appearing to question whether an increase in wages for low-skilled workers would be a good thing.
Labour MP Wes Streeting asked Lord Rose whether "if free movement was to end after Brexit, isn't it reasonable to suppose we could see increases in wages for low-skilled workers in the UK just off the back of the economic impact of free movement on wages?"
Lord Rose replied: "If you are short of labour, the price of labour will go up. So yes, but that is not necessarily a good thing."
'Careful'
The Leave.EU campaign said the remark was representative of "Brussels' cheerleaders" wanting to "protect vested interests, not the public interest".
"Lord Rose isn't wrong to say that ending this exploitative system would 'not necessarily be a good thing' for the unscrupulous bosses and privileged elites who take advantage of it," a spokesman said.
"But for workers who would find themselves able to command a higher price for their labour, with rights which don't only exist on paper, it would be a very good thing indeed."
Sitting alongside Lord Rose during the hearing, the director of Britain Stronger in Europe Will Straw told MPs that he was satisfied with the statistics being used by his campaign and had checked with the CBI "to make sure the number is accurate".
"We're saying it's the average benefit to households and it outweighs the costs," he said. "I understand people will challenge it... we are satisfied the figure we are using is a central estimate of what the contribution of being in the EU is over a 40 year period.
"We have never claimed the cost of leaving would be equivalent to £3,000 per household per year. This is a series of studies looking backwards on the benefit of being in the EU since we joined in 1973. It is much more uncertain what the costs would be if we were to leave which is why we're being very careful about that."
A BP team operating an ROV at an oil well off the coast of Angola has spotted a deep-sea creature with an uncanny resemblance to Pastafarian deity the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Captured at a depth of 1,325 metres, the beast does indeed appear to sport noodly appendages. Once the footage arrived at the office of Daniel Jones, from the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton, he quickly identified it as a siphonophore.
Siphonophores, New Scientist explains, include creatures such as corals and jellyfish.
Jones's colleague Philip Pugh then nailed the creature as probably Bathyphysa conifera.
Jones is part of the Serpent Project, which "through the generous help of offshore oil and gas companies and their highly skilled ROV teams", explores the "vast, alien landscape" of the ocean's depths. ®
Willie J. Clarke is a good man. But he's been done wrong a few times.
The interview in his Hialeah apartment begins with my showing him a compilation double album I bought a few months ago – Miami Sound: Rare Funk & Soul from 1967-1974. The songwriter and music producer says it reminds him of the worst thing that happened to him in the music business, that he was just so in love with the writing and creating, he didn't manage his business affairs right. Then he adds that he wonders why he doesn't get paid “real money” as a result of having so much “material” out there. He tells me he doesn't want to talk about the re-issue label from Chicago that, with his assistance and support, produced compilation records like the one I just showed him featuring a lot of the music he wrote back in the day. They made him promises, he says. Financial promises. He says he's “still keeping what you might call faith” but it makes him nauseous how they failed him.
Clarke goes on. He says the worst offenders are musicians who use his music as their own. (Artists steal music from each other time and again, especially hip hop artists who sample music. And the more original and unique songs, especially from an era when licensing fees and royalties weren't considered a priority, are the most vulnerable.)
I think he's being particularly hard on himself. After all, some things you can't control.
Clarke reaches for some papers on his desk and hands them to me. It's his BMI royalty statement. BMI is a global company that collects licensing fees and distributes them as royalties to songwriters and musicians.
10 cents here, 5 cents there, he says, just enough to pay the light bill.*
The man who's written soul lyrics about women, advising them not to be done in by the men in their lives, has been done in.
But then the good man changes his tune and fires into nostalgia.
We had 6 or 8 rhythm sections. There were certain sounds. If we wanted to do a ballad, we'd get Little Beaver, my blues guy was best for that. If we wanted to cut something really fast and danceable, I'd get KC [of Sunshine Band notoriety]. .. He was funky. There was keyboard player Timmy Thomas, …Robert ‘Shotgun' Johnson, … a Cuban guy named Julio… We had jazz people, blues people, even a guy from Belle Glades named Melvin Carter who sang if you see a man walking the streets tonight, don't be afraid. Don't worry, its only me, I got pains in my heart. And Snoopy Dean [guitar], he was good. He'd start chewing that bubblegum and lean back.
Throughout all this, Clarke mimicks a bass player, a piano player, even Snoopy Dean leaning way back jamming his guitar. He makes this sound or that sound. The soul man is on a roll.
Clarke was born in the small rural community of Fort Gaines, Georgia but moved to Miami when he was four. He attended college at Florida A&M and played tenor drum in the marching band. There, he began composing music. He says voices would come to him and recite poetry in his head. He then tells me he can write a song in 10, 15 minutes. I think about testing him on the spot but I can't fathom a topic that would meet his criteria. Clarke wrote songs with meaning, with a message, a strong message. Many of them were about empowering women. He didn't write about racial discrimination or racial injustices. There were broader themes he wanted to address in the music. These songs were about love, loss, and everything in between.
His peers were strong songwriters too. He talks about Willie “Little Beaver” Hale. Mama forgot to tell me that the world was about to change. Can you tell me who's to blame. Nothing can remain the same, people even change their name… And my papa was even nowhere around, my papa was somewhere getting down. He tells me this is the story of the ghetto child, the hard life that you gotta face.
After college he spent a lot of time at Johnnys Record Shop in Liberty City which belonged to his business partner Johnny Pearsall. (The two of them later would start Deep City Records, which ran from 1964-68 and produced some of the best soul music around.)
In the back room we had a little rehearsal room. Just enough to jam a piano in there. We'd rehearse every day before we went to the studio… The girls would come by. We'd have late night parties there.
But Clarke was serious about the music. So serious he set goals for himself. Three goals, in fact. (1) To get radio play; (2) to have a gold record (back then, 1 million records sold), and (3) to have a platinum record (2 million sold).
I ask him what song broke the cherry as far as radio play. It was The Pot Can't Talk About the Kettle by Helene Smith, considered Miami's First Lady of Soul. Released on one of Clarke's labels, Blue Star, in 1963, it has been called the “ultimate Miami collectible” record. The first pressing of the 45 RPMs totaled only 300 records.
Thank God for DJs who were, what you might call, compassionate. That was one of the wildest recordings… It's about the rawest sound you ever want to hear on a record.
He tells me if he could record that song today it would sound much better but he likes the raw sound.
The ironic thing about having a good song. ..Sometimes you cannot sacrifice feel for perfection. Perfection is boring. Every now and then you have a little tweety bird over here, a little bow wow in this corner. People will say, hey what's coming out next? They start grooving to it.
When local music impresario Henry Stone came looking for Clarke (circa 1968) to entice him to come work for him and what would become TK Records in Miami, Clarke says he and Johnny Pearsall couldn't agree on the move. (Reportedly, Pearsall wanted to go in a different direction with Helene Smith, i.e., sign with a national label. But on this day, Clarke recounts a different motive for Pearsall's resistance.)
Johnny didn't want to go [with Henry Stone]. We don't need him, he'd say. We can do this ourselves. To be realistic, Johnny didn't like mingling too much with white people 'cause as a little boy he grew up seeing the brothers being tarred and feathered. He was exposed to some prejudices and bigotry up there [in Tallahassee]… I wasn't exposed to that kind of stuff in Miami. Johnny tried real hard to overcome these things but there are some things in life you can't overcome.
Clarke and Pearsall eventually split, and so went Deep City Records. Clarke took his talents to Hialeah [site of Henry Stone's recording and distribution business]. And I mean all of his talents. Guitarist Little Beaver, diva Betty Wright, James Knight & the Butlers. Songwriters, vocalists, musicians. And that FAMU sound.
Joining with Henry Stone was a genius move. Success came quick with the 1968 Betty Wright single Girls Can't Do What the Guys Do. And times were good.
I used to get up early in the morning especially during the summer when school closed [his other job was as a middle school art teacher]. When I'd get to the studio, they'd be waiting outside, the drummer and the guitar player. And they'd say, come on, lets cut somethin' [music]… But first lets start with this. Oh, you brought some Red Rooster [wine]? …and we'd drink a couple of bottles of Red Rooster and get up there and jam all morning, all day long.
About the first gold record which he achieved in 1971, he said,
One day I came to TK Records from teaching in South Miami. Henry Stone was happy sitting behind the desk. He said, Willie, have some rum and coke. I said, whats all the party about, Henry? He said, remember those guys from Atlantic Records that were here? Well, they told me to tell you you got a big smash hit with Clean Up Woman.
Clarke called the principal at the middle school and submitted his resignation.
The platinum record came a few years later.
—–
Since I first started writing about this topic I have heard varying opinions about what exactly is the Miami Sound. Henry Stone has said that it was during the disco years of the 70s when they had hit after hit at TK Records. They even marketed the moniker under the TK label circa 1978. But Clarke disagrees with that notion. He says it started with the Deep City music.
[Local musicians] Them Two, The Moovers, Helene Smith, and Little Beaver, that's what I would say was the Miami Sound. Why? Because that was the music that was the attention-getter here in Miami. When it hit the radio, it made a big bang. Henry Stone wanted to know who we were.
I ask him what made this Miami Sound unique.
Two words, he says, “color blind.”
It was the most integrated society. People from everywhere. It was so mixed. When you look around there'd be different colors playing the same music. Man, we had stiff competition. Motown, Philly, LA, Birmingham, all over. But because of the uniqueness of our sound, we were able to kind of like… ease right on through. We were different. I can't tell the difference between an LA sound and a NY sound. But you know a Miami Sound (snap his fingers) right off the bat.
Clarke receives a check every once in a while. A few cents here and there. Sometimes more. For example, Beyonce sampled Girls Can't Do. She paid royalties. He says it was a big hit.**
Then he says,
Thank God for samples. Without samples, my life wouldn't be all right, right now.
Copyright © 2012 Long Play Miami
_________________________________________________________________________
Update: December 6, 2012
* After reading this blog post recently, Willie Clarke called me and said he wanted me to acknowledge that “BMI is very important to him. They take really good care of Willie Clarke.” I get where he's coming from. [see next point]
** Occasionally, royalty checks sum up to a lot more than just a few cents.
__________________________________________________________________________
On July 18, 2012, this post was recognized:
(CNN) In the battle against climate change, efforts to reduce emissions of harmful gases like carbon dioxide have consumed most of the headlines.
But many scientists say that simply minimizing man-made pollution is not enough to limit global warming to two degrees Celsius, as agreed in the 2015 Paris climate agreement -- humans must also devise other means to help cool the planet.
There's no shortage of imaginative proposals to achieve this goal. Some involve sucking carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere; others, including a giant space-based solar shield, would reduce the amount of sunlight that reaches Earth.
While many of these solutions are considered radical and impractical, others have been operational for years. But given their often high costs, significant side effects, vast scale and international impact, there's plenty of skepticism about the viability of the existing options.
"There's no way around reducing emissions," said Stefan Schaefer, climate engineering program leader at the Institute for Advanced Sustainability Studies in Potsdam, Germany. "Without that, none of the techniques can do anything useful."
"None of them can be a silver bullet," he added. "But investing some money to research these approaches makes sense."
Here are some of the existing technologies and a look at how realistic they are.
Scrubbing the air
The world's first operating DAC plant. Experts say many more would need to be built to make a serious difference.
While some projects remove carbon dioxide at its source -- such as power stations or gas fields -- before it enters the atmosphere, direct air capture (DAC) involves taking CO2 out of the air and storing it, often in underground reservoirs.
Chemical techniques for capturing CO2 -- such as "scrubbing" (using an alkaline to absorb CO2) -- are already being used in power stations and could be transferable to DAC projects.
Other suggested methods include using artificial trees to suck up carbon or building towers that suck in air and filter out the CO2.
Pros:
Far-reaching: DAC can combat emissions from disparate sources including homes and vehicles, not just single points (such as power stations).
Mobile: Since the technology targets CO2 in the atmosphere, DAC facilities can be set up anywhere on Earth.
Cons:
High costs: Factoring in the building of plants and assembling new infrastructure, DAC is very expensive, both financially and in terms of energy input.
Storage risks: Some scientists are worried about storing CO2 underground because of the possibility of leaks and the question of who would be responsible for monitoring the gas over time.
How realistic is it?
Unlike some other technologies, DAC has made it beyond the drawing board.
The world's first commercially operational DAC plant opened in Switzerland in May. Fans suck air into filters that absorb carbon dioxide. The gas is then piped into greenhouses and used as fertilizer to grow crops.
But Schaefer is skeptical about the scope of this technology: "The question with direct air capture is: how much can it actually achieve? How much CO2 can it actually remove from the atmosphere? And to what extent would you have to scale it up to impact the global climate?"
Building hundreds or thousands of DAC plants would take vast amounts of energy and materials and produce CO2 in the process, contributing to the problem the plants are meant to help solve.
Richard Darton, emeritus professor and co-director of the Oxford Geoengineering Programme at the University of Oxford, is more hopeful. He said that if the plants themselves use renewable energy to run, their carbon footprint could be very small.
Good old-fashioned trees
Since the 1970s, China has planted billions of trees in an effort to hold back the encroaching Gobi Desert. The swathe of forest is known as the Great Green Wall.
It may seem outdated, but tree planting is a vital tool in the battle against climate change and one of the simplest possible solutions.
While reforestation reintroduces trees to land only recently deforested, afforestation means planting trees in areas that have been without forests for a long time (or have never supported forests).
Trees take in and store carbon dioxide, reducing the concentration of the gas in the atmosphere.
Pros:
Low cost: Afforestation is one of the simplest and cheapest ways to remove CO2 from the atmosphere.
Feasible: Some countries already have small or short-term afforestation projects, which could easily be expanded or replicated elsewhere.
Side effects: Alongside the positive effect on the climate, planting trees brings plenty of other benefits too, including job creation and enhancement of soil fertility.
Cons:
More expensive food: Mass afforestation could lead to food price rises through competition for land.
More warming: Changing grassland into forest darkens that area of the Earth's surface, meaning more of the sun's energy is absorbed, which could help raise (rather than reduce) Earth's temperature.
Side effects: Habitats are destroyed and ecosystems disrupted with unpredictable long-term consequences.
How realistic is it?
"A useful first step is to stop cutting down trees in the first place," Schaefer said. "That's still happening on a large scale."
Darton agrees, and he sees great value in encouraging afforestation on land that's suitable.
But the new areas of forest have to be vast to influence global climate -- generating the problems described above -- and the positive effects are not permanent.
"There's always the problem that over the lifetime of the forest, carbon will go back into the atmosphere," said Darton. "It may gain us the decades we need, but over the long term it's not a solution."
Just add lime
Ocean alkalinity enhancement would need vast amounts of limestone to significantly affect the climate.
Adding more lime or other alkaline materials into the ocean could be another way of removing CO2 from the air. This technology is known as ocean alkalinity enhancement. Rocks such as limestone or silicates would be ground up and dispersed in the ocean to increase its ability to store carbon.
The limestone is first quarried then broken down into quicklime at high temperatures in a process that also produces carbon dioxide. But if that quicklime is then dumped into seawater, scientists say it can absorb around twice as much CO2 as was released in the first reaction.
Pros:
Permanent: The gas reacts with the rock underwater and becomes inorganic, which means it stays in the ocean permanently.
Double win: Adding lime to the oceans could also help fix rising ocean acidity -- a dangerous side effect of rising CO2 emissions -- as well as reducing CO2 levels in the atmosphere.
Cons:
Logistics: To achieve any significant impact on the climate, huge amounts of limestone would need to be quarried, transported and broken down.
New CO2 produced: While reducing CO2 levels in the long term, the process itself generates carbon dioxide.
Side effects: The effects on existing ecosystems -- which have developed to adapt to an increasingly acidic environment -- are unpredictable and could be severe.
How realistic is it?
More and more people are becoming interested in this technology, explained Schaefer, who said that tackling ocean acidification is something that few other geoengineering options can do.
But both Schaefer and Darton are fearful of the effects on the world's seas. "Many of us are quite nervous about distributing chemicals into the maritime environment," said Darton. "We don't know an awful lot about the sea and how it will react to changes in chemistry."
To make any significant inroads in carbon reduction, ocean alkalinity enhancement would have to be deployed on a very large scale. Darton said more research was needed into the longer term effects of this approach.
"I'm doubtful that this is something we could or should do in the long term," he said.
Parasols in space
A solar shield would work like a huge umbrella suspended in space.
Back in 1989, American James Early suggested putting a giant sunshade in space to offset the effect of greenhouse gases in the Earth's atmosphere. He envisioned a glass refractor so large and heavy it would have to be built on the moon.
More recent proposals designed to reduce the amount of sunlight reaching our planet include a swarm of thin metallic reflecting discs, a Saturn-like ring of dust particles injected into space from Earth, or a superfine mesh of aluminum threads.
Scientists estimate that reducing the amount of sunlight reaching Earth by just 2% could offset the effects of CO2 levels in the atmosphere doubling.
Pros:
Immediate effect: Once in place, the sun shield would reduce the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere very quickly (within a few years).
Unlimited potential: In theory, there's no limit to the level of global temperature rise a solar shield could combat.
Cons:
High costs: Deployment costs would be higher than most other geoengineering technologies.
Timeliness: It will take decades (if ever) before any of these approaches become reality, because of the huge logistical demands.
Side effects: The knock-on effects on regional climates and hydrological cycles could be significant.
How realistic is it?
"Right now this is far more science fiction than anything else," said Schaefer. "At some point in the future it might be something people would consider, but that's a long way down the road."
Any space-based solar shield would face huge financial costs and logistical problems, he explained.
Darton pointed out another problem, common to solar radiation management projects. "If you turn them off, all the modeling shows that the temperature rises very rapidly," he said. If we implement these technologies, "we're wedded to them."
Injections of sulfur
The effect of injecting aerosols into the stratosphere can be predicted by studying volcanoes, which also pump tiny particles into the Earth's atmosphere.
Aerosols are tiny particles -- less than a millionth of a meter wide -- suspended in the atmosphere. Man-made aerosols exist in hairspray and spray paint, but they come from natural sources too.
Many natural aerosols found in the atmosphere scatter light from the sun, sending some of the sun's energy back into space. This process exerts a cooling effect on the earth's climate.
By artificially injecting sulfate particles -- a type of aerosol -- into the atmosphere using fighter planes or giant balloons, scientists could increase the amount of sunlight sent back into space and intensify the cooling effect.
Pros:
Mimics natural process: Pumping extra aerosols into the atmosphere replicates what happens when a volcano erupts explosively -- a natural event that does cause temperatures to drop, if only temporarily.
Reverse melting: Current climate trends such as melting sea ice and rising sea levels could be reversed.
Cons:
Ozone damage: Sulfate aerosols in the stratosphere produce sulfuric acid, which damages the ozone layer. That means less of the sun's ultraviolet rays are absorbed, increasing the risk of skin cancer and eye damage.
High costs: The costs of getting the particles into the stratosphere could be huge and ongoing.
Side effects: The technology could cause regional drought, produce less sunlight for solar power and make skies less blue.
How realistic is it?
Schaefer doesn't think we'll see this technology within the next few years. "In fact, it would be a very concerning development," he added.
"The technical side of things doesn't seem that difficult to resolve," Schaefer said, "but what seems much more difficult is the social and political side. That's basically insurmountable."
Even if one country funds and implements an aerosol program, the consequences could be felt around the world.
"Who would take responsibility for harms caused by such an intervention?" Schaefer asked.
By Lauren McCauley | 27 April 2015
Common Dreams
It's not just your imagination. The punishing heat waves, record snowfall, and 500-year floods, which seem to be occurring with increasing frequency, are doing just that, thanks to global warming.
According to a study (pdf) published Monday in the journal Nature Climate Change, these extreme weather events are clearly attributed to human-induced climate change and will only worsen as average temperatures tick higher and higher.
According to report authors Dr. Erich Markus Fischer and Reto Knutti, both with the Institute for Atmospheric and Climate Science at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, under present-day warming of 0.85° Celsius, the likelihood of a “moderate hot extreme” occurring is 75 percent greater than in pre-industrial times.
However, because warming increases non-linearly, under the projected warming of 2° Celsius—widely considered the threshold for the worst effects of climate change—the probability of a “hot extreme” is more than five times greater than current levels.
“This result,” the authors note, “has strong implications for the discussion of different mitigation targets in climate negotiations, where differences between targets are small in terms of global temperatures but large in terms of the probability of extremes.”
Furthermore, according to the study, roughly 18 percent of current precipitation extremes occurring worldwide are attributable to “anthropogenic,” or human-caused, warming. This rises to roughly 40 percent under 2° Celsius.
Put another way, an extreme precipitation event expected once every 10,000 days, or 30 years, in pre-industrial conditions, is expected every 10 to 20 years at 2° warming.
While the study focuses primarily on daily events, the authors note that with increased warming, the probability of “5-day, 15-day, or 31-day temperature and precipitation extremes increase even faster with rising temperatures.”
“People can argue that we had these kinds of extremes well before human influence on the climate—we had them centuries ago,” the New York Times quoted Fischer as saying. “And that's correct. But the odds have changed, and we get more of them.”
Commenting on the difficulty of attributing a particular weather event to human-induced global warming, the authors continue:
In a broader context, the approach here is reminiscent of medical studies, where it is not possible to attribute a single fatality from lung cancer to smoking. Instead, a comparison of the lung-cancer-related mortality rate in smokers with the rate in non-smokers may allow attribution of the excess mortality to smoking. Likewise, no single weather event exclusively results from anthropogenic influence in a deterministic sense but arises from complex interactions of atmospheric dynamics, local boundary layer and land-surface interaction and potential anomalous sea-ice and ocean conditions. Warmer temperatures may influence some of those factors and favour extreme events to happen, and thus the probability of such events increases because of warming.
In fact, it is the “rarest and most extreme weather events”—which the study notes typically have the “highest socio-economic impacts”—that will become increasingly familiar due to human-induced greenhouse gas emissions.
Recommended
– What happened to American political will to deal with the overpopulation problem?
– Infallibility and the Population Problem
– NSSM 200, the Vatican, and the World Population Explosion
– The Vatican's Role in the World Population Crisis: The Untold Story
Professor Milton Siegel, who for 24 years was the Assistant Director-General of the World Health Organization, speaks to Dr. Stephen Mumford in 1992 to reveal that although there was a consensus that overpopulation was a grave public health threat and would be a major cause of preventable death not too far in the future, the Vatican successfully fought off the incorporation of family planning and birth control into official WHO policy. This video is available for public viewing for the first time. Read the full transcript of the interview here.
Lester R. Brown interview with Rob Stewart
Professor Paul Ehrlich: Can a collapse of global civilization be avoided?
Be sure to ‘like' us on Facebook
'Bring Andy Home:' Search For Missing Corgi Goes High Tech
We love dogs. So we can't resist passing along word that later today All Things Considered plans to catch up on the story of Andy, a tan and white Pembroke Welsh Corgi who has been missing since New Year's Eve.
Andy and his human companion, Jordina Ghiggeri of Plymouth, Mass., were visiting friends in Westport, Conn., when he got scared by some fireworks. He took off for the woods.
Since then Ghiggeri has used the old-fashioned approach — some 4,000 posters plastered all over Westport, according to the Boston Globe — and the wonders of technology and the World Wide Web in the effort to find Andy.
Bring Andy Home YouTube
There's the Bring Andy Home Facebook page, which has more than 4,000 "likes." There's the Bring Andy Home blog and YouTube channel. Strangers, the Globe says, helped raise $11,000 to buy a dozen night-vision cameras. A pet detective has been enlisted. The missing dog's story has made it into The New York Times and on to the CBC.
Andy's been sighted, but not yet reunited with Ghiggeri.
Here's hoping it all works out.
Craig Lemoult from WSHU in Fairfield, Conn., is filing the report for All Things Considered. Click here to find an NPR station that broadcasts or streams the show.
Two comets collided at low speed in the early solar system to give rise to the distinctive "rubber duck" shape of Comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko.
The mystery of the "rubber duck" comet has been solved.
The strange shape of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, which the European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has been studying for more than a year, arose from the long-ago collision of two separate, slow-moving comets, researchers say.
"How the comet got its curious shape has been a major question since we first saw it," Holger Sierks, of the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany, said in a statement. [Spectacular Comet Photos from Rosetta]
"Now, thanks to this detailed study, we can say with certainty that it is a 'contact binary,'" added Sierks, who serves as the principal investigator of Rosetta's Optical, Spectroscopic and Infrared Remote Imaging System (OSIRIS), the main camera system for the mission.
Two separate onions
When Rosetta arrived at Comet 67P in August 2014, scientists noted the icy object's distinctive, two-lobe shape, similar to that of a rubber ducky toy. Two main hypotheses emerged — that a single comet had eroded to form the connecting "neck," or that two comets had merged. The latter theory has been proposed for the formation of other bi-lobed comets.
Matteo Massironi, of the University of Padova in Italy, led a team that identified more than 100 terraces on the surface of the comet, along with parallel layers of material in exposed walls and pits. The scientists then developed a 3D-shape model of the comet to determine the directions of the terraces' slopes and visualize how they extended below the surface.
A wide terrace is seen in the foreground of this image of the Seth region of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. A deep pit reveals the layers of the comet, while the irregular and fractured morphology of the comet is also shown. (Image: © ESA/Rosetta/MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS/UPD/LAM/IAA/SSO/INTA/UPM/DASP/IDA)
"It is clear from the images that both lobes have an outer envelope of material organized in distinct layers, and we think these extend for several hundred meters below the surface," Massironi said in the same statement. "You can imagine the layering a bit like an onion, except in this case we are considering two separate onions of differing size that have grown independently before fusing together." It soon became clear that the features were coherently oriented around the comet's lobes, extending to a depth of around 2,100 feet (650 meters).
"This was the first clue that the two lobes are independent, reinforced by the observation that the layers are inclined in opposite directions close to the comet's neck," Massironi said.
The scientists then studied the relationship between the local gravityand the orientations of the various features. (In general, layers of material should form at right angles to the gravity of an object.) The team computed the strength and direction of the gravity at the location of each layer.
In one case, they modeled the comet as a single body with a center, while in another they worked with two separate merging comets. They found that the orientation of the layers and the direction of the local gravity were closer to forming right angles in the model with two comets rather than a single one.
"This points to the layered envelopes in the comet's head and body forming independently before the two objects merged later," Massironi said. "It must have been a low-speed collision in order to preserve such ordered strata to the depths our data imply."
The structural similaritiesthroughout the comet suggest that the precursor comets formed through similar accretion processes. The layering observed on other comets during previous missions suggest that they, too, went through a similar formation history, the researchers said.
Erosion still important
Although erosion didn't create the narrow neck of Comet 67P, the team pointed out that it plays a role in how the comet continues to evolve. Local variations in the surface most likely formed as a result of ice turning directly into gas, a process called sublimation. The frozen gases embedded in the layers of the comet are not necessarily distributed evenly through its body.
"This result adds to our growing knowledge of the comet — how it formed and its evolution," Rosetta project scientist Matt Taylor said in the same statement. "Rosetta will continue to observe the comet for another year, to get the maximum amount of information on this celestial body and its place in the history of our solar system."
Massironi presented the results at the 2015 European Planetary Science Congress, which was held from Sept. 27 through Oct. 2 in Nantes, France. The study was also published online late last month in the journal Nature.
Follow Nola Taylor Redd on Twitter @NolaTRedd. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Elia Viviani had offers from BMC and Orica-GreenEDGE but the Italian has decided that he will ride alongside Chris Froome and Bradley Wiggins at Sky in 2015. The British team offfers him a chance to ride both on the road and the track as he prepares for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
After five seasons and 31 wins with Roberto Amadio's team that was first known as Liquigas and later than Cannondale, Elia Viviani is ready to join Sky.
"To formalize my move, only banal details remain as my manager (Giovanni Lombardi) has to return from vacation, but the contract is there, ready to sign and send back to [Sky team principal David] Brailsford," he told La Gazzetta dello Sport from Guadaloupe where he is riding with the Italian team at the European track championships.
His main objective is to qualify for the the Olympics and that's the reason for his decision to join Sky,
"Once the possibility of Garmin vanished, three options wer open: BMC, Orica and Sky. I chose the British team for several reasons. I am proud that they want me because they believe in me as an athlete that can bring victories. And above all, they want me to be their symbol on the Italian market where they have a very interesting project. Then there is my focus on the track where Brailsford gave me the maximum possibilies as he assured me all possible support for the Olympics. I had no doubts. Being on a team like Sky that has a strong experience on the track, offers me great security," he says.
Viviani even outlined the start of his season:
"In 2015, I return to my past schedule so I will do no road races in January. Then we have the Track World Championships (February 18-22) and a beautiful spring, with Tirreno-Adriatico or Paris-Nice, San Remo, the Northern classicd and the Giro."
Beyond fighting for the European title in Guadaloupe, he mainly wants to score points in the omnium to earn his spot in Rio de Janeiro.
"I have to seize this moment. I'm fine, I managed to do a good final part of the season, but I'm still sad about not being considered by [Italian national coach Davide] Cassani, not even for the list of 16 of the Worlds," he tellsLa Gazzetta.
The British team has already announced the signings of Leopold Konig (NetApp Endura), Wout Poels and Andrew Fenn (Omega Pharma-Quick Step), Nicolas Roche (Tinkoff-Saxo) and Lars Peter Nordhaug (Belkin). And besides Viviani, Sonny Colbrelli (Bardiani-CSF) is also on Brailsford's radar.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Maryam Nawaz (R) led the campaign for her mother Kulsoom (L)
The wife of Pakistan's former prime minister who stepped down over a corruption inquiry has won a key seat in Lahore, unofficial results suggest.
Kulsoom Nawaz stood in place of her husband Nawaz Sharif, who was disqualified from office in July.
She won 61,254 votes, 14,188 more than her nearest rival, local media say.
The vote was seen by both the ruling PML-N party and the opposition as a referendum on the Supreme Court's decision to disqualify Mr Sharif.
Ms Nawaz is currently in London for cancer treatment. Her daughter, Maryam, spearheaded the campaign for the PML-N party in her absence.
"This is not an ordinary victory," Maryam told party supporters after the unofficial results were declared. "You have defeated not only people who were in the field but also those who are invisible."
She said winning her father's former seat in the family's hometown showed that people had rejected the "unjust decision" to disqualify her father.
But, if the results are confirmed, the party's share of the vote in the key constituency has dropped by about 7%.
The Supreme Court barred Mr Sharif from office after an inquiry into the 2016 Panama Papers dump linked his children to offshore companies.
He has always denied the allegations, but the Supreme Court has dismissed petitions seeking a review of its decision.
Media reports suggested a large turnout for the vote on Sunday, with long queues forming outside polling stations.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The military helped to provide security for the by-election
The election was contested by all the major parties, as well as two new Islamist opposition parties.
PML-N faced a strong challenge from the PTI party led by cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan and the Pakistan People's Party of Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.
The by-election was also seen as a test of support for the Sharif family ahead of next year's general election.
Maryam Nawaz, who does not hold political office but is a high-profile figure in Pakistan, alleged that several PML-N party workers had been threatened ahead of polling day.
She took centre stage in the lead-up to the vote and during the campaign sought to portray it as the "people's verdict" on her father's disqualification.
In a recent BBC interview she said the issue had "galvanised his supporters" and that public sentiment was "very positive".
More than 320,000 voters took part in the poll, which for the first time in Pakistan's history was conducted using Biometric Voter Verification Machines in some the constituency's 220 polling stations, Dawn News reported.
Image copyright Avon and Somerset Police Image caption Miss Minnock and Ethan disappeared two weeks ago
A three-year-old boy and his mother have gone missing after a court ruled the boy should live with his father.
Rebecca Minnock, 35, and son Ethan disappeared from their home in Highbridge, Somerset.
A judge has taken the unusual step of lifting reporting restrictions in an effort to aid the search for the pair, who went missing two weeks ago.
Miss Minnock's brother, sister and mother were arrested on Sunday, accused of withholding information.
Marvin Shaw, Limmie Shaw and Louise Minnock were warned by Judge Stephen Wildblood QC they "must be entirely candid about any information that they have".
'Suspicions'
Speaking at Bristol Crown Court, he said: "We need to make sure this child is found.
"I have suspicions that you know more.
"If there is more to be learnt, it will be. You need to be aware of that."
Image caption Miss Minnock's family was told they must inform police immediately if they received information about Ethan's whereabouts by a judge at Bristol Crown Court
He instructed the three relatives to inform police immediately if they received information about Ethan's location.
Miss Minnock is about 5ft 3ins tall, of medium build, with dark wavy shoulder-length hair, police said.
Ethan has blond hair and blue eyes.
He has lived with his mother since his parents separated in February 2013, the court heard.
A month later, his father Roger Williams applied for contact with him.
'Panicked'
On 27 May this year, a district judge ruled Ethan should live with his father after finding Miss Minnock had made false allegations and obstructed contact between father and son.
The court heard Miss Minnock, who does not drive, was seen in Highbridge that day getting into a black Ford Focus being driven towards Cheltenham, where she has relatives.
Despite a police investigation and campaign by Ethan's father, they have not been found.
Mrs Minnock told the court her daughter had been frightened ahead of the court hearing two weeks ago: "I think she has panicked and couldn't take it."
Mr Shaw, also from Highbridge, told the court he did not know where his sister was but she had telephoned him to say she and Ethan were "safe and well".
He said he believed the court order was a "serious injustice" and his sister had been "failed" by the authorities.
The judge told Mr Shaw: "They are, in effect, on the run. They can't claim benefits because if they do they will be found."
He released the three from the court at the conclusion of the hearing saying he was "not satisfied" he could commit them for contempt of court based on the evidence he had heard.
But he said further hearings were likely to take place, possibly involving friends and family of Miss Minnock and Ethan.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that the success of India's landmark transition to a Goods and Services Tax (GST) relies on Navin Kumar, the chairman of GST Network and his 70-strong team. As the name suggests, the GST Network (GSTN) forms the technology backbone that will help this new tax stand up straight. The man in charge wears the responsibility lightly. The career bureaucrat was the former chief secretary of Bihar and chairman of Delhi Metro Rail. Before the interview starts, he points out that as the first information technology secretary of the Bihar state government, he handled projects amounting to Rs 90,000 crore. So far, the GSTN has spent approximately Rs 550 crore.
The bulk of it has been invested in building an information technology network that will for the first time establish “a uniform interface for the taxpayer and a common and shared IT infrastructure between the Centre and states”.
Toronto, ON – The Canadian Hockey League today announced the week five editions of the CHL Top 10 Rankings for the 2017-18 season. The weekly rankings of the CHL's Top 10 teams are selected by a panel of National Hockey League scouts.
The Swift Current Broncos moved up one spot in the weekly rankings to the second spot. On a two-game road trip through the Central Division this past weekend, the Broncos earned three points. Friday, Tyler Steenbergen had four goals and five points as the Broncos took down the Lethbridge Hurricanes by a 6-4 final. The following night in Cranbrook, B.C., the Broncos suffered their first road loss of the season, falling 5-4 in overtime to the Kootenay ICE. Steenbergen, a fifth-round selection of the Arizona Coyotes in 2017, has continued his torrid scoring pace into the second month of the season, with 33 points (21G-12A) through 11 games, including three four-goal games, leading the league in both goals and points. This is the third straight week the Broncos have been ranked in the CHL Top 10.
Situated two spots behind the Broncos are their early-season division rival in the Moose Jaw Warriors, who climbed five positions to the four spot. On a gruelling seven-game road trip in the second half of October, the Warriors have responded well to the challenge, with three wins. After a narrow loss to the Spokane Chiefs last Wednesday, the Warriors rattled off a 6-3 win over the Everett Silvertips, 3-1 win against the defending Ed Chynoweth Cup champion Seattle Thunderbirds and a 6-4 win over the Portland Winterhawks, the top team from last week's CHL Top 10 Rankings. The Warriors became the second team in the WHL to reach 10 wins Tuesday, having been led by winger Brayden Burke and his 19 points (6G-13A) in 13 games. Goaltender Brody Willms has also been sharp, going 8-3-0-0 this season with a 2.46 GAA and .919 SV% with one shutout in 11 games. Defenceman Jett Woo, who is eligible for the 2018 NHL Draft, has 11 points (5G-6A) in 12 games. This is the fourth week the Warriors have counted themselves inside the CHL's Top 10 Rankings.
The aforementioned Winterhawks ceded control of the number one spot in the CHL Weekly Rankings, but continued to be present among the league's best by staying in the fifth spot. Portland opened their week with a 3-1 win over the Kelowna Rockets Friday, but followed it up with losses to the Rockets and Warriors to finish their week just shy of the 10-win mark. Vegas Golden Knights prospect Cody Glass and New York Islanders first-round selection Kieffer Bellows have continued to be among the league's best the season, with 21 and 20 points respectively through 12 games each. The Winterhawks are one of just three CHL teams and the only WHL team to have appeared in the Top 10 Rankings throughout the first six weeks of the season.
Dropping four sport to ninth in the CHL Top 10 Rankings were the Victoria Royals, who earned an even split through four road games in the Prairies. Last Wednesday, the Royals earned a 3-2 overtime victory against the Edmonton Oil Kings, before dropping results to the Brandon Wheat Kings and Regina Pats. Their offence returned to normal Tuesday in a dominant 7-2 win over the Saskatoon Blades, making them the first team in the league to reach the 10-win plateau, before being joined later that night by the aforementioned Warriors. This is the fourth-straight week the Royals have featured on the Top 10 Weekly Rankings.
Earning an honourable mention were the Brandon Wheat Kings, who downed the Vancouver Giants and Royals at home while also taking a road loss at the hands of the 2018 Mastercard Memorial Cup host Regina Pats. Colorado Avalanche prospect Ty Lewis has had himself an incredible start to the season with 30 points (8G-22A) in 13 games while Los Angeles Kings defensive prospect Kale Clague leads all WHL defencemen with 10 goals and 24 points in just 11 contests.
The teabaggers are turning to threats and intimidation out there in NY-23 land.
Elizabeth Benjamin writes in the NY Daily News:
It's getting ugly out there.
I just got off the phone with former state Democratic Chairwoman June O'Neill, who informed me the police had been called to at least two polling sites in St. Lawrence County due to overzealous electioneering (O'Neill called it "voter intimidation") by Doug Hoffman supporters.
"We've gotten reports that people are standing there, covered with Hoffman stickers and yelling anti-choice stuff at voters," said O'Neill, a St. Lawrence native who has been running the party's GOTV effort for Bill Owens in NY-23. "Apparently, there's some woman claiming to be a commissioner," O'Neill continued. "Commissioner of what, I don't know. She's from Texas, I think, and she won't leave." "This is not the way we roll in the North Country."'
O'Neill also said she had received anecdotal reports of problems at polling sites in Gouverneur, which is Assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava's hometown. But she couldn't immediately confirm this.
I called over to the St. Lawrence Board of Elections and got GOP Elections Commissioner Debbie Pahler on the line. She confirmed that the police indeed had been called, but she downplayed the incident, saying it's "a routine procedure here in the county."
"We had electioneering within the 100-foot polling marker," Phaler said. "It's my understanding that they were asked to leave and wouldn't leave." "If people are electioneering within the marker and don't stop when we ask them to, our inspectors are instructed to call law enforcement to assist them. I don't think anybody was arrested."
O'Neill also said she had received anecdotal reports of problems at polling sites in Gouverneur, which is Assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava's hometown. But she couldn't immediately confirm this.
An exhibition at an OSCE conference in Warsaw in Sept 2014 where all captions blame the Ukrainian army for death and destruction was paid for by the Russian Embassy in Poland
Russia's Investigative Committee has faced - and failed - many tests to its credibility over recent months, but its new ‘genocide' case against Ukraine is probably a record-breaker.
Committee Spokesperson Vladimir Markin announced on Monday that the IC has initiated a criminal case against unidentified representatives of Ukraine's leadership, armed forces, the National Guard and Right Sector. All of these suspected villains are accused of having “issued orders aimed at the total annihilation of specifically Russian-speaking citizens living on the territory of the Donetsk and Luhansk republics”.
Over the last few weeks Russia has stepped up its barrage of accusations, unburdened by evidence, of ‘mass graves', soldiers ‘raping and murdering where they sleep and eat' and other war crimes. The genocide claims serve the same propaganda ends, however there is a crucial difference, namely in the undoubted power wielded by the Investigative Committee. It was Markin, for example, who announced the prosecution of Nadiya Savchenko, Ukrainian pilot taken prisoner by Kremlin-backed militants in the Luhansk oblast. Despite the IC's failure to explain how Savchenko ended up in Russian detention and lack of any evidence against her, she remains in custody facing serious charges.
Russia's Investigative Committee may have the clout to initiate such criminal proceedings, but it also has the responsibility to behave in accordance with the law, and here it has failed abysmally.
Genocide is an extremely serious charge. Over recent years Russia has, for example, always reacted most aggressively to Ukraine's recognition of Holodomor or the manmade famine of 1932/33 as an act of genocide against the Ukrainian nation.
In bandying around its own charges of ‘genocide' it should have shown some consideration for international law, or at very least, common sense.
Target: Russian-speaking citizens
Genocide, according to the UN Convention the IC cites is a crime of intentional destruction of a national, ethnic, racial and religious group, in whole or in part.
Russia's investigators are certainly alleging intention. Then the fog sets in. Who are the alleged villains supposed to be targeting with their bombs and missiles? More importantly, how can they specifically target Russian-speaking citizens?
Probably most people in Donbas speak Russian more often than Ukrainian. This includes many of the soldiers now defending Ukraine against Russian aggressors and their local proxies, and civilians who are in no doubt that they are Ukrainian and that Donbas is part of Ukraine.
Russia is not an international tribunal and has no right to initiate criminal proceedings over alleged genocide or war crimes. It has persistently – and contentiously - asserted its ‘right' to ‘defend' Russians living in other countries. With respect to Ukraine it has effectively shifted the focus to ‘Russian-speakers' and ended up with a legal nonsense.
The IC concludes its devastating indictment with the following:
“All the above-listed facts and proof already collected by the Russian investigators confirm that the actions of individuals from the Ukrainian political and military leadership in issuing orders to annihilate the Russian-speaking population, are set out not only in Russian legislation, but in international law. With respect to the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the article on genocide envisages punishment of up to 20 years imprisonment or the death penalty”.
If shudders are warranted, it is not at the thought of heinous criminals about to get their comeuppance if Russia's illustrious ‘investigators' have their way. Six Ukrainian nationals, including Nadiya Savchenko and the world-renowned Crimean film director Oleg Sentsov, are already facing questionable charges in Russia. Sentsov is charged, together with three other opponents of Russia's annexation of the Crimea, with ‘terrorism'. Russian prosecutors and judges are entirely undeterred by the lack of any basis for the charges against the above and Yury Yatsenko. If confronted tomorrow with a Ukrainian soldier captured in Ukraine and just happening to be in Russian detention facing charges of committing genocide specifically against Russian-speakers, there are no grounds to hope that they would bat an eyelid.
On a day when French football should be celebrating two of its three Champions League representatives progressing past the group stage, Lyon's 1-7 victory over Dinamo Zagreb could be about to plunge it into controversy.
A number of newspapers, most notably the Madrid-based Spanish press, have been crying scandal this morning and further evidence has since surfaced in the form of a still framed image of Croatian defender Domagoj Vida looking like he is winking and putting his thumb up after conceding a goal in last night's match. Lyon went to Croatia effectively needing a six-goal swing to see them through with a favourable result from Real Madrid's encounter with Ajax which they also got, and were inspired on the night by Bafetimbi Gomis' four goal haul.
Lyon supremo Jean-Michel Aulas has quickly moved to scotch rumours of match fixing. Speaking to RTL Radio this morning and asked if the game was fixed he said:
“No. I do not understand the Ajax suspicions. As for the Spanish press, I know a little of the origin. This is the pot calling the kettle black. The Ajax manager (Frank de Boer) is not playing very fair. Real Madrid is a big club that plays to the end and José Mourinho wanted to finish the group strongly.”
On the subject of the photo of Vida he said:
“The Croats did not lose on purpose. I did not see the pictures. I would have wanted to comment on the unbelievable result. The Croats played well in the first half. They did not decide to lose the game.”
Moving away from the controversy, OL boss Remi Garde was delighted with his players:
“It's amazing. What an incredible second half. At half time, it was difficult to believe that we could score three or four goals in just 45 minutes. It's surreal, extraordinary. It's difficult to find the words tonight. We spoke before the match about believing in miracles. Our task seemed impossible. So what we achieved was amazing. I chose as many internationals as possible and I had a lot of confidence in them. They repaid me handsomely.”
***********************
Unfortunately Lille did not enjoy the same good fortune and crashed out of Europe altogether following a disappointing 0-0 draw at home to Trabzonspor.
Criticised slightly for his team selection, manager Rudi Garcia had this to say after the match:
“It was a loss for the whole club tonight, and obviously I have my share of responsibility for that. But if we weren't able to beat Trabzonspor in front of our own fans, then it wouldn't make sense for us to be one of the last 16 clubs in the competition. We should have scored when we had so many chances in the first half. We just needed a bit more composure; we needed to get more of our shots on target. I told the players that I couldn't fault them on their performance, that tonight is just part of our apprenticeship at the highest level. We're motivated to return to the Champions League next season and we know that this will only happen if we bounce back straight away, starting on Sunday with the visit of Dijon. Congratulations to Marseille and Lyon on qualifying. It's huge for French football.”
***********************
In other news today, Youri Djorkaeff has been linked with the position of Sporting Director at Ligue 2 side Monaco if a proposed takeover bid from Russian magnate Dmitry Rybolovlev is successful. Djorkaeff played for les Monegsasques between 1990 and 1995 and the 43-year old is expected to take up a position similar to that of Leonardo at Paris Saint-Germain.
***********************
Speaking of PSG, the club are apparently deep in discussions with Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Salomon Kalou over a potential move in January. It is believed that head scout Alain Roche and former Chelsea midfielder Claude Makelele have been charged with the task of ensuring that the Ivorian signs for the club.
***********************
Looking ahead to EURO 2012, France's group opponents England have been boosted by the news that talisman Wayne Rooney will only be banned for two group matches (including the first game against France) after successfully appealing his red card in England's European Championships qualifier in Montenegro. He will be available to face Ukraine in the third match by which time knowing England, they will already be out 🙂
***********************
According to La Gazzetta dello Sport, PSG are interested in a move for Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez. The player is already in agreement with Italian club AC Milan, though the terms they have offered do not suit Manchester City. Italian press state that PSG are ready to invest somewhere between €20m and €30m in an attempt to sign the Argentine forward.
Bringing artificial intelligence technology into the hands of consumers and businesses is no easy task; doing so takes a ton of computing and processing power. This is why it's difficult to equip personal devices like smartphones, wearables, cameras, and others with the same capabilities.
But now a new Seattle startup thinks it has found a solution to make AI ubiquitous.
Xnor.ai today announced a $2.6 million seed investment round from Madrona Venture Group and Paul Allen's Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2), where the 6-person company originally developed its technology and is now spinning out of the non-profit into its own entity.
Xnor.ai is the second spin-off to come out of AI2, which Allen helped launch in 2013. Kitt.ai did the same in 2015 and also raised funding from Madrona.
Led by top machine vision and AI researchers, Xnor.ai has developed a way to run deep learning models — those that power technologies like image and voice recognition — directly on resource-constrained devices like phones, IoT products, and even a $5 Raspberry PI, all without utilizing a data center or network connectivity and while maintaining high levels of privacy and battery-efficient performance.
Traditional AI and machine learning requires a graphics processing unit (GPU) to perform huge computations. Xnor.ai enables the same functions, but only requires “commodity central processing units (CPUs).”
“There is a big gap between the demands of AI algorithms — in terms of memory, computation, power — and what we can do on devices around us,” explained co-founder Ali Farhadi. “For example, to tag an image with labels on your phone, you need to send the photo into GPU servers, they will process the image, and get back to you with the tag. Xnor.ai's technology empowers devices around us with the power of AI and enables running complex AI algorithms right on the device.”
Xnor.ai is led by Farhadi and Mohammad Rastegari, another co-founder. Farhadi, the CEO, is also an assistant professor at the University of Washington Department of Computer Science and Engineering. Rastegari earned his PhD from Dartmouth for computer vision research. They are both part of AI2's “Project Plato,” which is “focused on extracting visual knowledge from images, diagrams, and videos to enrich knowledge bases that are conventionally derived from textual resources.”
The fresh cash will be used to develop Xnor.ai's platform and put its technology into drones, cars, smart cameras, and more. There seem to be numerous potential uses cases for the company's innovation.
“Our goal is to make all devices around us smarter,” Farhadi said. “Anywhere that requires running AI on the edge is where our technology becomes a key player. It enables new AI-powered apps on phones, handheld devices, wearable devices, AR, VR, drones, automotive, etc.”
In a statement, Madrona Managing Director Matt McIlwain noted that technology like Amazon Echo's voice recognition and Facebook's image recognition are powered by “a solid connection to the cloud and intensive GPU data farms enabling up.”
“Imagine what is possible if that style of computing could be done on the device in your hand, on your wrist, or in your car,” he noted. “We believe the future of AI will rest on creating systems that combine the value of core and edge device learning. We are excited to work with Ali and Mohammad on building Xnor.ai.”
Oren Etzioni, head of AI2, said Xnor.ai has found a “remarkable technological breakthrough.” He told GeekWire that the “sky is the limit” for how Xnor.ai's technology can be used to empower commodity devices with AI and have “significant impact in industry and in our everyday life.”
“Its technology is the basis for a revolution in the use of deep learning and machine vision on devices like phones, HoloLens, cameras, and other devices,” Etzioni added. “It supports increased battery life, strong privacy (data stays on the device), and disconnected use (the device doesn't have to connect to the internet).”
Asked about more spin-offs from AI2, Etzioni said “there will be more in the coming years.”
Seattle is becoming an epicenter for machine learning and artificial intelligence, with many local startups like Xnor.ai launching in the past few years, along with tech giants like Microsoft and Amazon developing their own related technologies.
The Nanaimo Daily News has apologized for printing a "racist" letter that stated First Nations have a history that is "notable only for underachievement."
Don Olsen's letter in the Vancouver Island newspaper on Wednesday mounts a pile of criticism on First Nations, saying they "never 'discovered' the wheel," that they never came up with a written language and that they "only 'figured out' a drum and a rattle for musical instruments."
The letter ends with: "Instead of finding their identity and source of pride in some folks who occupied the land 15,000 years ago. Let them stand or fall on their own account. Just like the rest of us have to do."
In a statement on Thursday, a newspaper official said the letter should never have run and apologized for causing readers distress.
Story continues under gallery.
Photo gallery Nanaimo Daily News "Racist" Letter Reaction See Gallery 'Racist' Nanaimo Daily News Letter About First Nations Sparks Outrage (TWEETS) 1 / 18
Nanaimo Daily News "Racist" Letter Reaction 1 / 18
"While we would defend Mr. Olsen's right to hold and express his opinion, the sentiments expressed were entirely his own and in no way reflect the views of the newspaper," said Hugh Nicholson, division manager for the Vancouver Island Newspaper Group.
About 100 people including Nanaimo Mayor John Ruttan protested in front of the newspaper's office on Thursday afternoon.
Protesters accused the paper of repeatedly publishing offensive letters against aboriginal people, reported CBC News.
"The comments published by the Nanaimo Daily News show deep misunderstanding and ignorance about First Nations peoples," said Assembly of First Nations Chief Shawn Atleo in a statement. Atleo also called the letter a reminder of Canada's "dark colonial history."
Olsen's letter has since been removed from the newspaper's website, but it has drawn the ire of many on social media who accuse it of being a "racist" screed.
University of Victoria (UVic) professor Taiaiake Alfred asked on Twitter, "Why don't anti-Native hate speech perps like @NanaimoDaily face the legal consequences that Holocaust denyers do?"
Thrifty Foods has reportedly pulled its ads from the newspaper after the letter was printed, tweeted UVic academic and Huffington Post blogger Tobold Rollo.
Rollo also posted his own response on his website, inverting the letter's format and criticisms to apply to "civilized nations."
Critics of the letter started a Facebook group titled "Protest Racist Publications in the Nanaimo Daily News." The group had demanded that the paper issue a front-page "feature-sized" retraction and apology for what it called "irresponsible and hateful messages."
Here's the full text of Don Olsen's letter:
BRUSSELS — Serbia's ambassador to NATO was chatting and joking with colleagues in a parking garage at Brussels Airport when he suddenly strolled to a barrier, climbed over and flung himself to the ground below, a diplomat said.
By the time his shocked colleagues reached him, Branislav Milinkovic was dead.
His motives are a mystery. Three diplomats who knew Milinkovic said he did not appear distraught in the hours leading up to his death Tuesday night. He seemed to be going about his regular business, picking up an arriving delegation of six Serbian officials who were due to hold talks with NATO, the alliance that went to war with his country just 13 years ago.
A former author and activist opposed to the authoritarian regime of Serbia's former strongman Slobodan Milosevic, he was a respected diplomat and leading intellectual, officials said.
NATO's Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said he was deeply saddened by the tragic death of the Serbian ambassador
The diplomats, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release details, said they knew of no circumstances — private or professional — that would have prompted him to take his own life.
One of the diplomats described the death to The Associated Press, saying she had spoken to a member of the delegation who had witnessed the leap from the 8- to 10-metre-high (26- to 33-foot-high) platform.
The diplomats all spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not permitted by foreign service regulations to speak publicly to the press.
Speaking in Brussels, Serbia's Prime Minister Ivica Dacic said that “Belgian police are investigating, but it's obviously a suicide. It's hard to figure out the motives or causes.”
The death cast a pall on the second day of a meeting of NATO foreign ministers. Officials said they were shocked by the news of the death of a very popular and well-liked ambassador.
“NATO's Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said he was deeply saddened by the tragic death of the Serbian ambassador,” alliance spokeswoman Carmen Romero said. “Milinkovic was a highly respected representative of his country and will be missed at NATO headquarters.”
During the 1990s, Milinkovic was active in the opposition to Milosevic. After he was ousted in 2000, Milinkovic was appointed Serbia's ambassador to the Organization for Security and Co-Operation in Europe, or OSCE, in Vienna.
He was transferred to NATO as Serbia's special representative in 2004. Serbia is not a member of the military alliance, but Milinkovic was named ambassador after Belgrade joined NATO's Partnership for Peace program, which groups neutral states.
The move to join the NATO program had angered Serbian nationalists who are now in power. They have pledged the nation will never join because of its 1999 bombing campaign, during which it forced Milosevic's forces to withdraw from Serbia's southern province of Kosovo.
Milinkovic is survived by his wife and 17-year-old son.
Story highlights French PM Manuel Valls spoke to Christiane Amanpour Wednesday
Says refugee crisis cannot be solved by simply receiving migrants
Valls promises air strikes
(CNN) France will soon launch air stikes in Syria, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Wednesday, saying the refugee crisis "cannot be solved just by receiving them."
"At the moment there are millions of Syrians who are displaced. There are refugee camps -- in Lebanon, in Jordan, in Turkey -- receiving 4 to 5 million Syrians. And we're not going to receive 4 to 5 million Syrians, so the problem has to be dealt with at source," he said through an interpreter.
"These are very difficult subjects. And of course, in Syria, so long as we haven't found a political solution; so long as we haven't destroyed this terrorist group, Islamic State; so long as we haven't got rid of Bashar Assad; we will not find a solution."
JUST WATCHED the full interview with PM Valls Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Watch the full interview with PM Valls 08:00
France began flying reconnaissance missions over Syria this week, and Valls said he would appear before the country's Parliament next Tuesday to announce "the objectives of France and that there will be strikes."
With a view to bringing an end to the more than four-year-long war, Valls said France is in talks with Russia and that Iranian President Hassan Rouhani would be visiting Paris "in a few weeks."
Read More
The history of modern digital computing is unusual in one regard. Most of its advances have occurred during the professional lifetimes of many of its current practicioners. That has rightly put a premium on preserving some of our history while its early creators are still with us.
For those of us who came of age in the mainframe era, it is instructive (and sometimes humorous) to remember what has changed. This photograph shows me at the Computer History Museum posed by parts of ILLIAC IV.
Herewith, in the spirit of Jeff Foxworthy's humor, are a few tests to determine if you are a computing old timer.
No doubt about it, I am a computer old timer. I am sure many of you have your own, similar stories. I would love to hear some of them.
Times Free Press President Jason Taylor Times Free Press President Jason Taylor Photo by Staff File Photo /Times Free Press.
Hate is alive. It's alive in our country. It's alive in our state. And, it's alive in our city.
This hate for our fellow man is alarming. This hate for our brothers and sisters is ugly. This hate for those around us is scary.
After last week, this hate is also inspiring. After 16 years in the newspaper industry, I've decided to write my first published column.
As many in our area (and now the country) know, last week the Times Free Press announced a key personnel change shortly after the president's visit to Chattanooga. Immediately following that announcement, the story morphed. It was spun to include political motivations, conspiracy theories and worse. The story was shopped by others to local media, national media and social media. Commentators weighed in adding more and more theory and less and less fact.
As disappointing as that may seem, it never really bothered me. However, what I saw afterward not only bothered me, it scared me to my core.
Racism. Sexism. Religious discrimination. Paranoia. Prejudice. Rage.
Our editors, managers, customer service reps, reporters, and others began receiving calls and emails from all across the nation that were nothing less than vicious. Complete strangers took the story out of context and claimed it was this newspaper succumbing to President Barack Obama.
The ‘N' word was screamed in dozens of emails and calls. “If you are not a [N] then you are an [N]-lover” one caller said.
The word “woman” was used as an insult over and over again. One bitter respondent went as far as to tell our female editor that she is an example of why the 19th Amendment, giving women the right to vote, should have never existed. Another told her this is why women shouldn't be doing jobs meant for men. Scores of others referred to her with almost every imaginable derogatory, vulgar term known.
Obama was called a “rag-headed Muslim” or “Chicago thug gang banger” by many who felt compelled to target their rage against him towards us. Many times they included their contact information as if it was a badge of honor that accompanied the sentiments. Others hid behind the veil of anonymity with their sordid remarks.
Personally, I heard from more than one stranger this week that it was a shame my mother did not have an abortion. Dozens more thought I was born without parts of my male anatomy. Many told me how physically ugly I was. And the “F” word was used almost as freely as the “N” word in trying to describe my alleged personal support of Obama. More than one suggested my death would result from my misinterpreted pandering to political pressure.
I learned this week that hate knows no socio-economic boundaries. Investment bankers. Pastors. CEOs. Daycare workers. Nurses. Senior citizens. Teenagers. We heard their rage.
Hate also shows up where you least expect it. This week it followed Bible verses, sometimes even in the same sentence. It followed pictures of kids and grandkids. It even followed one of our employees right out of a potential rental property.
Hate also goes viral. In today's world, information moves fast. Disgust with us came from over 30 states from people who alleged our support for Obama trumped our support for a free press. (Note: Anyone who has read the Free Press page over the past five years of the Obama administration would clearly see the weakness in this argument.)
Through all this hate, I did see something that inspired me. By returning hundreds of calls and emails personally, I saw the majority ask for forgiveness. I saw patience rewarded. I saw truth conquer fear and anger. I also renewed a pride in this newspaper's staff to rise above. To continue to do our part to educate, enlighten and entertain. With that comes knowledge and understanding. And with knowledge and understanding comes peace. Peace conquers hate. And with peace comes joy.
Freedom of speech and of the press remains paramount, but learning to love one another remains essential for our city, our state and our country.
Titanium superbike sure to draw in the weight weenies in thie sub-6kg build.
Press releases announcing new bikes aren't exactly a rare sight in the Cycling Weekly inbox, so it can take something special to stand out from the crowd. Something like the new Reactor bike from No.22 Bicycle Company, a top tier titanium race bike that hits the scales at a featherweight 5.9kg.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but there are surely very few people who can help but be enticed by the polished look of a titanium frame such as the Dolan Titanium ADX or No.22's own Great Divide. However, the No.22 Reactor is not just a piece of art, with the American company pulling out all the stops to deliver the lightest titanium from possible without compromising on ride quality.
This focus is perhaps most obvious at the rear end of the Reactor, where oversized chainstays should aid stiffness and power transfer, while the seatstays are exceptionally thin, only 13mm, helping to maintain the smooth ride that titanium is traditionally renowned for, while also shedding a few grams.
The same priorities are seen up front, with the No.22 Reactor featuring a new head tube with an external taper to trim a few grams, while the titanium head tube badge found on other No.22 bikes has been replaced by an engraved version.
>>>Bike test: Aluminium, steel, carbon, or titanium
In line with most other top-end titanium bikes, the Reactor features a carbon seatpost that should soak up rough road surfaces without compromising stiffness. However what sets this bike apart is that the seatpost is held in place by titanium lugs and topped with a titanium seat mast, again saving a few grams and providing, according to No.22, a “more carefully tuned” ride quality.
The 5.9kg build seen here was the model on display at NAHBS (the North American Handbuilt Bicycle Show), and, as you would expect, features some of the lightest component choices currently on the market.
Topping the bill are the Reynolds 46 wheels, 968g featherweight tubulars with a matching price-tag that will cause your accountant a few headaches, an eye-watering £3600. Similar priorities are on show with the rest of the finishing kit, with the 130g Fabric ALM LTD saddle, 185g 3T Aerotundo Ltd aero-profile handlebars, and 120g 3T Arx Team stem all pushing the Reactor towards that 5.9kg weight.
The groupset is the latest iteration of Shimano Dura-Ace Di2, which for the first time is lighter than its mechanical brother. However there are also a few alterations to reduce the weight further, with a Cannondale SiSL2 Hollowgram chainset and EECycleworks brakes, which are direct mount at the front.
Onto the delicate issue of pricing, and although UK prices have yet to be confirmed, safe to say this build is not going to come cheap. The frameset is retailing for $3,999 (approximately £2675) in the United States, with the addition of fork, stem, handlebars and headset bringing the price up to $5199 (£3475). As for the 5.9kg build seen here, we've been doing some back of the envelope calculations and reckon this can't be far shy of £10,000.
Contact UK distributors VAM Performance for more details.
BRIDGEVIEW, Ill. – On what proved to be a wholly miserable 4-0 loss of a night for the Chicago Fire, it was perhaps a telling moment that Bastian Schweinsteiger evoked the most vocal reaction from a largely shell-shocked and subdued crowd at Toyota Park.
The German's arrival in place of the injured Djordje Mihailovic in the 65th minute got a greeting marked by the expected gusto of a team and fanbase seeking any hope. At that point, they were still just 2-0 down to a team, in the New York Red Bulls, who seemed intent on maintaining their advantage at all costs.
Try as he might, the hugely popular former Bayern Munich and Manchester United midfielder failed to make the desired impact, as a largely outplayed and outthought Fire chased the game with abandon before eventually falling 4-0.
The premature end to the Fire's season brings with it the discussion on whether this could be the last the Chicago faithful see of Schweinsteiger in their beloved red shirt. But the likable German has made a decided impact both on and off the pitch, with he and wife Ana Ivanovic seemingly very happy in the Windy City. So it seems the decision rests entirely with the 33-year-old, if Fire owner Andrew Hauptman, general manager Nelson Rodriiguez, and head coach Veljko Paunovic can put together a satisfactory package.
However, in the immediate aftermath of a disappointing defeat, ending the Fire's first postseason since 2012, Paunovic, unsurprisingly, kept his cards close to his chest.
“I think this is the moment where we don't have to talk about these things,” Paunovic said. “Obviously we want Bastian back, we want to have a man and a player like him on and off the field, but this is not even a question for me -- it's more for Nelson Rodriguez, and I think he already responded, so I'm just going to say the same.”
The Serbian was referencing Rodriguez's midweek media roundtable, where he seemed optimistic about Schweinsteiger's return.
“The most that Basti and I have done is, both said, 'Hey this has gone pretty well,'” Rodriguez said then. “So I think we want to remain with our original plan. It was to look to have the hard discussions at the end of the season. I don't want to speak for Basti, but from what we've gleaned and what he shared with us, he and Ana are very comfortable in the city. They love it.
"I think he's really enjoyed the locker room, the guys, the support of the fans. I think he's really taken to the challenge of Major League Soccer. I think the signs are positive, but again we would prefer to have the season close before finalizing anything.”
And now, with the close of the Fire's season upon us, it remains to be seen where the German World Cup winner's future lies.
For his part, Schweinsteiger also towed the company line on Wednesday night, and gave very little away on where he sees his immediate future.
“As Nelson Rodriguez said, we are in talks, we will see how it is, the same with every player here,” he said.
Looking ahead to next season, Schweinsteiger believes the strides made this year can help the current roster reach the next level and compete for trophies with the likes of this season's MLS Cup favorites Toronto FC.
“You need to give the team a little bit of time,” Schweinsteiger said when asked how far the team is from winning trophies. “It was a great success, achievement, what we did this season, and I think you need to add maybe one or two pieces. If you have 10 steps, I think we took seven.”
“From our perspective, our experience has been extraordinarily positive with Bastian,” Rodriguez added on Wednesday. “We think he's delivered across all of our expectations and we hope that we have delivered against his expectations.”
Shane Murray is a contributor to MLSsoccer.com.
A controversial senior aide to Jeremy Corbyn is apparently in line to take an executive role controlling all policy in the Labour leader's office.
Andrew Fisher, who was suspended from the party last year after it emerged he campaigned against Labour at the general election, is to become executive director of policy, according to The Times.
The possible move comes six months after Mr Fisher was suspended for backing a left-wing candidate against his Labour rival, Emily Benn.
In a tweet which has since been deleted, he said: "If you live in Croydon South, vote with dignity, vote@campaignbeard" - the Twitter name of Class War hopeful John Bigger.
Mr Fisher continued working as Mr Corbyn's head of policy during his suspension, which was eventually lifted by the party's National Executive Committee.
The influential aide caused further controversy last month when he said the steel crisis had “played very well” for Labour, despite thousands of jobs being at risk.
Mr Fisher would be taking the executive policy director role after Labour moderate Neale Coleman quit earlier this year.
Such a move is likely to trigger outrage among Labour MPs who have previously spoken against Mr Fisher.
There were complaints earlier this week after Mr Corbyn described the aide as a “fantastic person” and “devastatingly good” at attacking the Conservatives.
One MP told PoliticsHome: "He was previously devastatingly effective at telling people not to vote Labour, now he's devastatingly effective at putting people off voting Labour.
"When Corbyn is finished screwing the Labour party, the likes of Fisher will go back to chaining themselves to trees."
Another backbencher said: "Fisher is certainly highly devastating - effective, I'm not so sure."
This post is in partnership with Inc., which offers useful advice, resources, and insights to entrepreneurs and business owners. The article below was originally published at Inc.com.
Some months ago, Apple and Microsoft each parted ways with a high-profile senior executive: iOS software chief Scott Forstall and Windows president Steven Sinofsky.
The moves were just weeks apart and the stories were strangely similar: two remarkably effective and talented executives who were simply unmanageable. They were so chronically abrasive and divisive that they were more trouble than they were worth.
Of course there's more than one side to every story. And while we may not be privy to all the specifics, one thing's for sure. Those decisions were some of the toughest ones the CEOs ever had to make. After all, talent like that doesn't grow on trees. Nevertheless, it had to be done. They had to go.
It takes all kinds to run a company but a few bad apples can definitely spoil organizational effectiveness in a hurry. And these days, companies just can't afford to keep those kinds of people around. The longer you wait, the more damage they do.
Over the years I've worked with just about every type of employee you can think of and, in my experience, there are more or less seven kinds of people you simply have to get rid of, no ifs ands or buts, and sooner rather than later.
1. They're a Troublemaker. With all of our issues and dysfunctions, I sometimes wonder how anything gets done at all. Still, we manage the best we can. And when employees create more problems than they're worth, when the damage they do to the organization weighs more heavily than their achievements, then it's time to cut them loose.
2. They Overpromise and Underdeliver. Some people have such overly inflated self-images that they either think they can do anything or crave the attention they get by making big boastful promises. But when their egos consistently write checks their capabilities can't cash, that's a real problem that's not likely to be resolvable without a good shrink.
3. They Act Out With Customers. I don't care if you have a small business or work at a Fortune 500 company, customers are hard to gain and easy to lose. The one thing you don't need is an employee who works with customers and somehow doesn't get that business is about winning and keeping customers, not him and his bad attitude.
4. They Can't or Won't Do the Job. You hire and pay people to do a job. Your job is to be clear about what that entails and give them the tools and training they need to get the job done. Their job is then to do it. If they either can't or won't after a few chances, then you've probably given them one chance too many.
5. They Flake. Some people look the part but, when push comes to shove, you can't count on them to get the job done or even to show up on a regular basis. Whatever the specifics, you can never tell when they're going to flake and you just can't trust them. Life is too short to have employees like that.
6. They're Entitled. Some people are more thin-skinned, litigious, and entitled than they have any right to be. Half their mind is on the job and the other half is just waiting for someone to slip up so they can whine and complain and maybe even threaten litigation. Don't give in to that kind of behavior. Cut them loose. They might throw a fit and you might get sued, but they can only do it once, and then you're rid of them for good.
7. They Ignore the Rules. Whatever the rules of conduct are for your company and its culture, you've got to uphold them fairly and consistently across the board. Whether an employee was insubordinate to her boss or a top executive lies about something material on his resume, if it happened and it breaks the rules, you should walk them out the door.
People are always complaining about how stressful their job is but, in my experience, there's nothing more stressful than having to deal with employees who aren't cutting it and drag down the whole organization. Quit thinking about it and just get rid of them. You'll sleep better at night–and so will the rest of your team.
Steve Tobak is a management consultant, an executive coach, and a former senior executive of the technology industry. He's managing partner of Invisor Consulting, a Silicon Valley-based strategy consulting firm. Contact Tobak; follow him on Facebook,Twitter, or LinkedIn. @SteveTobak
Read More on Inc.com:
Nathan Dec 16, 2015
it was amazing bookshelves: sci-fi, deep-time
's review
Have you ever gotten the strange feeling that you're being watched? Have you experienced Déjà vu or had the feeling that your life may be part of something much larger; or, you're just waiting for something unique to happen? These may just be the psychological side effects experienced by a distant-future subject who is remotely experiencing your life/soul millions of years in the future.
For most of 2015 I've been on the hunt for the most obscure science fiction story and I can confidently state I have found it in “The Soul Consortium”. In short, the Soul Consortium is a digital archive housing billions of human souls who lived throughout numerous universes (post-collapse and re-birth, not multi-verse). The last human, Salem Ben, accompanied by his AI Super computer, QOD, administer this vast collection. The story begins as Salem's quest for deep philosophical meaning of Man's existence and it quickly morphs a noir detective story as Salem tries to track down an anomaly found within the archive; however, this aberration cannot be reconciled as a soul who lived within the known universes and recorded within the Soul Consortium's files.
In short, Salem, along with the help of QOD, tries to track down this Ghost in the Machine by experiencing souls thought to have come in contact with the mysterious antagonist, in an attempt to learn who or what he is. Along our journey, we discover, not only how the Soul Consortium works, but how the anomaly infiltrated the Soul archives.
Because Salem Ben, our protagonist, exists in only a fraction of the story (or we only experience his real-time actions in a fraction of the story), you would assume he would be un-relatable. However, this is not the case .The reader has a vested interest in each sub-story as each builds towards the final crescendo and the case is solved.
The concepts explored in this book are mind-numbingly vast and there is no hand-holding. But, do not let that intimidate you from reading this book. The author of “The Soul Consortium”, Simon West-Bulford, takes a very ambitious leap by writing a fantastical story spanning billions and billions of years. Unlike many SF authors writing on such a niche subject, West-Bulford executes this original story in efficient, short bursts that propel the story forward by dialogue and tension amongst the characters. His execution is frustratingly near-flawless and as confusing as the plot may be, the techno-babble is minimal and believable. He doesn't slow down the pace of the story by focusing on minute detail. The story structure could be compared to Mitchell's “Cloud Atlas” and just as brilliant. The endless twists and turns remind me of Philip K Dick; and the detail is described as if he actually had a basic understanding of many of the themes covered in contemporary SF, such as, consciousness and quantum computing.
I was thrilled to discover that west-Bulford has written a sequel to this story and it is certain to be the very next book I read.
GAPAN CITY — It is likely that Malacañang had a hand in Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV's allegations on Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte's undeclared multiple bank accounts, with one supposedly containing P227 million in deposits in 2014, Sen. Miriam Defensor- Santiago said on Wednesday.
“Apparently, Trillanes has the support of Malacañang because he has access in the Anti-Money Laundering Council records against Duterte. So it appears that the charges are documented and not only superficial; there will be no need to investigate. The sooner Mayor Duterte is candid about these accounts, the better for him,” she told reporters here when asked if Malacañang was behind the allegations.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Duterte camp blames Palace for hidden wealth allegations
The lady senator said that Trillanes, who is running for vice president, is “acting as an ally of the [Liberal Party] administration.”
“The LP does not want Duterte to be president for many reasons. One of the reasons is if he becomes president, he might place [President Benigno] Aquino in jail for charges based on impeachment charges,” she said.
Santiago, a good friend of the mayor, questioned the bank records of Duterte.
READ: Miriam on Digong: Why many bank accounts?
Trillanes also accused that the 17 joint accounts of Duterte and daughter Sara at the Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI) branch on Julia Vargas Avenue in Pasig City, BPI Edsa Greenhills, and Banco de Oro Unibank in Mandaluyong City had P2.4 billion in transactions from 2006 to 2015.
“It's very difficult for Mayor Duterte to remain in his present situation unless he comes up with a reasonable explanation of these anomalies,” Santiago said. JE
RELATED VIDEOS
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Friday, March 14, 2008
Unless something is going really, really wrong with Google, we have a suspicion this is just an upcoming April Fool's joke for Google. If that's the case, then note that spoilers follow below.
OK. Remember Microsoft's Clippy, that annoying "living" and talking paper clip, popping up with useless tips whenever you wanted to get some work done in Word? It looks like Google Docs is preparing integrating a similar feature called Cliply. Instead of a paper clip, this time it's a living Google logo (cached image). And it probably will be just as annoying as Clippy was. The following code showed up live in the source of a Google Docs document...
if (writely.Vars.getSiteVar('enable_cliply')) { // Beta document.getElementById('newlogo').src = '/images/cliply.gif'; writely.Cliply.init({ 'strength': 0.4, 'dexterity': 0.9, 'constitution': 0.7, 'intelligence': 0.1, 'wisdom': 0.3, 'charisma': 0.8}); }
But again, before you sign in to Google to delete your account forever, remember (even when Google's apps are moving in the direction of Microsoft Office) this is very likely just an April Fool's prank or general Easter egg by Google engineers. If not, then be scared, very, very scared... as Clippy is about to return!
>> More posts
Advertisement
The New York Daily News is slamming President Trump as a “liar” on its front page after fired FBI Director James Comey said the Trump administration lied about him and his former agency.
The tabloid's front page Friday will feature a close-up of Trump's face with the word “LIAR” emblazoned across the center of the image.
ADVERTISEMENT
The paper then lists three takeaways from the testimony: “Trump lied about Flynn obstruction try,” “Trump lied by calling Russia case a hoax” and “Trump lied about why I was fired.”
Here's our front page for tomorrow…
LIARhttps://t.co/pHDymxl0eN pic.twitter.com/qorEBsyeVv — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) June 8, 2017
Comey said during his hearing Thursday that the Trump administration tried to use “lies” to undermine him and the FBI, leading him to write memos after each time he and Trump spoke to create a record of the conversations.
"The administration chose to defame me and, more importantly, the FBI by saying that the organization was in disarray, that it was poorly run," Comey said. “Those were lies, plain and simple.”
He also refuted some of Trump's statements, like that he never asked Comey to stop the investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders fired back at Comey's testimony, saying that Trump “is not a liar.”
The Daily News, which endorsed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, often criticizes Trump. The paper called for Trump to drop out of the race in August after he made a comment about “Second Amendment people” being able to stop Clinton, and has depicted Trump as a clown.
Heads You Die is the 7th novel in the Young Bond series and the second book written by Steve Cole after Charlie Higson's monumental first five novels in the series. This book picks up right after Cole's last offering, Shoot to Kill, where Bond thwarted a dangerous Hollywood blackmail scheme. James (about 14 or 15) and his new school friend Hugo, a 16-year-old fellow student afflicted with dwarfism, are now in Cuba staying with family friend of Aunt Charmian, Dr. Hardiman prior to embarking on their return trip to Europe. We know from Fleming's brief writing on Bond's youth that Bond will eventually end up going to Fettes College in Edinburgh to complete his education, but Heads You Die has other plans in store for young Bond. This is quite simply Steve Cole's best Young Bond novel so far especially for those readers who may have been discouraged by the Hollywood setting of the previous book. The Caribbean is prime Fleming territory and Cole knows this and utilizes it to optimum effect.
The plot is set in motion when Dr. Hardiman is harassed and then kidnapped by a dastardly villain named Scolopendra, a native of the island who has achieved wealth and power by acquiring a vast and comprehensive knowledge of the island's botanical treasures. He needs Dr. Hardiman to work on a mysterious secret project and uses his henchmen to intimidate anyone who stands in his way. James suffers through several encounters with the aptly named El Puňo so christened due to the fact that after the massive man lost his hand he had a block of granite fixed on to his stump carved into the shape of a fist.
In addition to Hugo, Bond works with a new set of allies. Jagua is Scolopendra's daughter who has grown disgusted with her father's cruel methods and Maritsa is
Jagua's best friend. Jagua is probably the strongest female character of all the Young Bond books. She's fiercely rebellious and is able to handle multiple dangers to achieve her goals. She's actually very reminiscent of Judy Havelock from Fleming's For Your Eyes Only short story. Their motivations are different of course but their determination and their strong wills are very much similar. Together the group figures out that the only way to rescue Hardiman and end Scolopendra's mysteriously cruel secret project is to get some kind of leverage to use against Jagua's father. A strong box on a sunken cruiser may hold the key to foiling Scolopendra's plans, but first they must dive. Here's where Cole unleashes his inspiration from Fleming. The primitive diving equipment utilized by Jagua and Maritsa, who have grown accustomed to diving provides quite a challenge for young James. With a primitive diving helmet attached to hoses and bellows for air, Bond must dive deep down into the water to recover a mysterious strong box with Hugo pumping the bellows to provide air to the homemade helmet underwater. As if that wasn't enough of a challenge to navigate, young James promptly discovers he isn't alone and a thrilling underwater action sequence ensues.
Bond must also contend with the mysteriously veiled woman named La Velada who has Scolopendra under her spell much to Jagua's contempt and decipher what to make of her connections to Russian Secret Police. Multple dangers are in store for Bond to contend with including many chases, being shot at by La Velada, and hiding while a murder takes place. The following sequence provides a glimpse at how Cole invests the reader in the psyche of Bond much like Fleming had done:
“ One thought kept spinning around in his head: If La Velada's bullet had hit me yesterday, I'd be a corpse on the floor myself. Now Scolopendra had executed a man, and she hadn't even flinched; clearly they were two of a kind. James shuddered. To shoot a man dead in cold blood, at point-blank range . . . I could never do that.”
While demonstrating just the right amount of restraint, here Cole invests us in Bond's youth and innocence in a way that foreshadows the man that James will become. These experiences throughout the Young Bond novels are slowly shaping who James will be, but at this stage the concept of killing in cold blood is shocking to the young man and appropriately so. Clearly, Bond doesn't know how any human being could possibly commit an act of brutality without remorse or any emotional effect whatsoever. At the same time, Bond is constantly finding himself in dangerous situations in circumstances far beyond his control. Take this quote from an earlier chapter:
“Heart hammering as he raced away, James knew that he would never get used to the thrill of danger. That was its allure. So much of life was routine and boring, but danger had no rules. It happened anywhere, could take so many forms. ‘And it looks me up wherever I go,' he muttered to himself.”
Note that in the book there is an italicized emphasis on the word “never.” Danger is something he would “never” get used to, but he still relished the thrill of it. For now, in James's psyche the dangerous situations are not sought after but when he happens to come across said danger he enjoys it on some level because he contrasts it with “boring” and “routine” regular life. It should therefore come as no surprise that the adult Bond would subscribe to a life that guarantees danger with every mission perhaps to relive the same childhood thrill.
Heads You Die is a fantastic novel and I look forward to Steve Cole's 3rd book, Strike Lightning due out in September where we will finally see how Bond settles into life at Fettes College. While I don't blame anyone for missing Charlie Higson, Heads You Die has convinced me that Steve Cole has put Young Bond on the right course. Not only does he deliver thrilling action sequences for young James, he also builds upon the character we've gotten to know in the previous books. I highly recommend this latest book and I have no doubt that Strike Lightning will continue to provide the kind of suspense and thrills to exceed our expectations as Bond fans.
As a side note, I highly recommend acquiring the limited edition hardcover of Heads You Die available only as an import if you live in the US. Cole provides his insights about where he drew his inspiration for the diving sequences with a notable selection from Fleming's short story, “The Hildebrand Rarity.” He also provides a deleted / altered scene from his book for context, which gives the lucky reader a brief glimpse at the creative process involved in writing a Young Bond book.
review by Jack Lugo
Microsoft's getting ready for the more aggressive upgrade phase of Windows 10 – when the new OS will show up first as optional, and then as recommended download in Windows Update – so the company has recently made some changes to Windows 7 and 8.1 PCs to make sure that more computers get it.
Basically, settings on PCs that were previously configured not to receive the upgrade to Windows 10 have been reset and it appears that one of the updates that Microsoft deployed on Windows 7 and 8.1 PCs keeps checking every day to make sure that no other changes are made to this behavior.
Update being re-offered several times
The information comes from the creator of GWX Control Panel, an application developed to block the upgrade to Windows 10.
"Over Thanksgiving weekend I started getting reports that the Windows Update 'AllowOSUpgrade' setting was getting flipped back on on a number of peoples' PCs, and it keeps re-setting itself at least once a day if they switch it back off," Josh Mayfield was quoted as saying by CW.
In other words Windows 7 and 8.1 computers can now easily receive the upgrade to Windows 10 and for the moment, there doesn't seem to be any other way to stop this from happening than to manually refuse the new OS.
It's all being made through recently-shipped Windows updates for older versions, and according to Mayfield, the very same update is being re-offered again and again.
"Microsoft has released this update several times," Mayfield continued. "It doesn't change the name of the update, but every version is new, with new binary files."
Starting in early 2016, seeing Windows 10 in Windows Update will be quite normal, as Microsoft changes its strategy and makes it an optional update for everyone. At a later time, the upgrade will become “recommended update,” so it becomes harder to avoid installing Windows 10 if you really wish to keep your computer fully patched.
Thursday, 10 Jul, 2008 Science
According to the study performed by the University of Sussex, music can calm much better if it is played by real musicians rather than computers. Neuroscientists analyzed the reaction of the brain to the piano sonatas, which were played by a musician and a computer. They discovered that, though computerized music did get some response from the brain – mainly to unpredicted changes of the chords – the effect was not as strong as the response to the same melody played by a professional pianist.
Dr. Stefan Koelsch, a senior research fellow in psychology, was the one to lead the research, being supported by his colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences, located in Leipzig. The scientists played a number of extracts from classical piano sonatas to 20 people, who were not professional musicians, and made records of the brain responses, as well as reactions of the skin conductance, which fluctuate with sweat production as a result of emotional reaction.
Despite the fact that the participants did not have any experience in playing musical instruments and considered themselves to be unmusical, their brains had a clear reaction to musical changes (including unexpected chords and modifications in tonal key). Such reactions show that the brain was able to understand musical grammar. The reaction of the brain was much sharper when the classical piano sonatas were played by professional musicians.
"It was interesting for us that the emotional reactions to the unexpected chords were stronger when played with musical expression. This shows us how musicians can enhance the emotional response to particular chords due to their performance, and it shows us how our brains react to the performance of other individuals," mentioned Dr. Koelsch.
During the study the researchers were also able to discover that when a classic composition was played by a real musician, human brain was more likely to search for musical meaning.
"This is similar to the response we see when the brain is responding to language and working out what the words mean. Our results suggest that musicians actually tell us something when they play. The brain responses show that when a pianist plays a piece with emotional expression, the piece is actually perceived as meaningful by listeners, even if they have not received any formal musical training," said Dr. Koelsch.
Powered by www.infoniac.com
Russian President Vladimir Putin (L) listens to Andrei Terlikov, the head of the Ural Transport Machine Building Design Bureau, as they watch Russian infantry fighting vehicle with the Armata Universal Combat Platform and a T-14 Armata main battle tank at he Uralvagonzavod factory in the Urals city of Nizhny Tagil, Russia November 25, 2015.
German military concern Rheinmetall Defence has unveiled a model of a gun developed especially to engage in combat with Russia's new T-14 Armata and T-90 tanks.
At the Eurosatory-2016 Defence & Security International Exhibition, Rheinmetall Defence, the German military concern, presented a model of a gun that has been developed especially for destroying the new Russian T-14 Armata and T-90 tanks.
The 130-mm gun will be fitted to a new tank that Germany and France are currently developing as a substitute for the Leopard 2 and Leclerc battle tanks, writes Defense Update.
"The first technical demonstration of the gun took place in May 2016 and after its presentation at Eurosatory it will be tested at the Rheinmettal firing range," says the IHS Jane's 360 website.
The German company is currently busy constructing the special armor-piercing projectile for this weapon (it features a perfected launching system and an elongated tungsten core).
However, Russian experts believe that it is practically impossible to evaluate the gun's real possibilities until testing of the projectile has been carried out.
World of Tanks
Germany began considering upgrading its famous Leopard 2 tank to a next generation after Russia presented its Armata combat platform and the T-14 tank based on it.
Now, with the T-14s entering the Russian army, France and Germany are conducting bilateral talks not only on developing new generation artillery but also on a planned replacement for their Leopard and Leclerc heavy tanks that can match the Armata's combat potential.
Earlier, military experts noted that the German Leopard-2 tanks, which are considered among the best in the world, do not have projectiles capable of piercing the armor of the Russian T-80, T-90 and T-14 Armata tanks, reports the U.S. international affairs magazine The National Interest.
However, Germany is actively working to solve this problem by either adapting American-produced projectiles to its tanks or developing its own depleted uranium ammunition, writes The National Interest.
The product's advertising
Although Rheinmetall Defence is presenting the new weapon as a resource for fighting Russian Armata-platform tanks, it is still unknown how effective such a gun will be against the new Russian technology.
"The new German 130-mm tank weapon is still being developed and it is unclear whether it will be capable of piecing the armor of Russia's leading tanks," said Igor Korotchenko, editor-in-chief of National Defense magazine.
Korotchenko stressed that since the gun's projectile has not yet been made, statements about its superiority to Russian tanks are nothing but the producer's attempt to advertise his product.
One RBTH source said that defense industry experts have still not pronounced their final verdict on the new German weapon: "At the moment our delegation is familiarizing itself with the matter," noted the source.
In April 2016 the Russian Defense Ministry signed a contract to buy 100 Armata-platform tanks. According to Deputy General Director of Uralvagonzavod Vyacheslav Khalitov, Russia's armed forces will receive the first series consisting of 100 T-14 tanks in 2017-2018.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
President Donald Trump must be loving this. Outspoken comedian and long-time Trump nemesis Rosie O'Donnell has been getting flack after she tweeted an indecent proposal to Republican Senators Tuesday night, offering $2 million each to Senators Susan Collins and Jeff Flake in exchange for voting against the GOP tax bill. The criticism is well-deserved, since there's a legal term for offering money to a public official in exchange for an official act. You know, bribery.
Despite her typos, O'Donnell was very clear in her intentions, as seen in her series of tweets. First there was the initial offer to Collins and Flake.
so how about this
i promise to give
2 million dollars to senator susan collins
and 2 million to senator jeff flake if they vote NO
NO I WILL NOT KILL AMERICANS
FOR THE SUOER RICH DM me susan
DM me jeff no shit
2 million
cash
each — ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017
Then Rosie extended the offer of “cold hard cash” to “any GOP senator.”
i will HAPPILY pay any GOP senator 2 million dollars
to vote NO they have been paid
obviously — ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017
cold hard cash to any god senator who votes no — ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017
Federal law is pretty clear that this is a no-no. 18 USC § 201 specifically says that anyone who “directly or indirectly, corruptly gives, offers or promises anything of value to any public official … to influence any official act” is guilty of a crime.
The key phrase here is “directly or indirectly.” See, one could argue that a tweet isn't the same as directly addressing an individual like a direct message, email, or phone call would be, but the law is very clear that an indirect offer satisfies the elements of the crime.
The Donald-Rosie war began way before Trump got into politics, but now that he's president, Trump has control over all federal prosecutions.
It remains to be seen whether President Trump's administration will deem it worthwhile to pursue a criminal case against the actress and former talk show host, but if they do, O'Donnell could face a pretty steep penalty. The statute says that punishment can be “three times the monetary equivalent of the thing of value.” That would theoretically be $6 million per offer. O'Donnell specifically made the offer to two individual Senators, so that could be $12 million. She later said she'd pay any Republican Senator $2 million. There are currently 52 GOP Senators in office (this will go down to 51 when Alabama's Doug Jones takes office next month). That means that if President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions really wanted to be greedy, they could try to get Rosie for $312 million.
Oh, and there's also a potential 15-year prison term.
Surprisingly, President Trump has remained silent on the matter, as his tweets on Wednesday have focused on the tax bill itself, as well as the economy. Still, you know he has to be getting a kick out of the mere thought of this.
[Image via Shutterstock]
Update: after 3 or so hours of downtime, Whatsapp is Backapp. For now. Then it may be Whatsdownn again...
* * *
It has been an inauspicious beginning for the most ridiculous internet purchase since the last dot com bubble - Facebook's $19 billion acquisition of Whatsapp. Several hours ago, Whatsapp left its 400+ million users (each of which cost Facebook almost $50) in the dark, after the service went offline and has yet to provide a reason for the crash.
The only status update released by Whatsapp was the following tweet:
sorry we're currently experiencing server issues. we hope to be back up and recovered shortly. — WhatsApp Status (@wa_status) February 22, 2014
One would think $19 billion buys some grammar lessons...
So while Facebook's newly acquired subs are scrambling to figure out why they cant send a text message halfway around the world for free, and are considering using the iMessenger service, which would also achieve the same result, also for free, one well known hacking group, Anonymous, has implied it may be involved in the crash.
#Tangodown WhatsApp :P lol — Anonymous Own3r (@AnonymousOwn3r) February 22, 2014
Needless to say, adding insult to corporate sellout inury for Whatsapp's users would be a Snapchat like hacking which exposes millions of crotchshots for all to see. Which perhaps explains why while Whatsapp is scrambling to get back up, one clear winner has already emerged: Telegram (based in Berlin, Germany) is getting 100 new registrations…PER second!
This is crazy. We'are getting 100 new registrations every second. Trying hard to prevent connection issues in Europe. — Telegram Messenger (@telegram) February 22, 2014
We're experiencing connection issues in Europe caused by the avalanche of new users. We're getting it fixed asap. — Telegram Messenger (@telegram) February 22, 2014
At this pace, and assuming there are greater than Facebook fools out there, it will be worth over $1 trillion in mere months.
And now back to the regularly scheduled lessons in barriers to entry. And lack thereof.
But the cars have big selling points. Owners can ignore fluctuating gas prices. Government subsidies can lead to price breaks of $10,000 or more. The cars accelerate quickly, too.
The dealers play an obviously crucial role in the popularity of electric vehicles. Almost all new cars are sold through dealerships. To a large extent, dealers decide which cars they want to stock, and a salesperson can have a big effect on how someone feels about a prospective purchase.
Some electric car buyers have said they felt as if they were the ones doing the selling. For example, Chelsea Dell was in the market for an electric car in Salt Lake City last year, and discovered online that a local Chevrolet dealer had a used Volt.
She made an appointment to test-drive the car. But when she arrived, she said, a salesman told her that the car had not been washed, and that he had instead readied a less expensive, gas-powered car.
“I was ready to pull the trigger, and they were trying to muscle me into a Chevy Sonic,” said Ms. Dell, an account administrator for U.P.S. “The thing I was baffled at was that the Volt was a lot more expensive.”
She asked to see the manager, prevailed, and paid the higher price for the car she wanted. “It was crazy,” she added.
According to Dr. Cahill, a 2013 J.D. Power survey found that electric-car buyers were significantly less satisfied with their car dealer than were buyers of traditional cars. Consumer Reports last year published results from a secret shopper survey in which its representatives visited dealers around the country and found, for example, a Toyota salesperson in Bayside, Queens, who would not even show a Prius plug-in that the dealer had in stock, and a Ford dealer in Manhattan who denied that Ford offered an electric Focus model (not true).
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of new single-family homes in the United States fell sharply in July to their lowest level in nine months, casting a shadow over the country's housing recovery.
A newly constructed home is pictured before being occupied by its buyers in a new housing development area in Vista, California March 20, 2012. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Sales dropped 13.4 percent to an annual rate of 394,000 units, the Commerce Department said on Friday.
The reading, which was well below economists' expectations, could be a sign that a recent surge in mortgage rates is weighing on the economy, although the data is often subject to large revisions.
The report could weaken the case for the U.S. Federal Reserve to reduce its support for the economy by trimming monthly bond purchases later this year.
“The higher mortgage rates are having an impact on the housing market,” said Scott Brown, chief economist with Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. “That makes tapering (bond purchases) somewhat less likely.”
The government revised sharply lower its estimate for new home sales in May and June.
Yields on U.S. government debt dropped sharply and the dollar weakened following the release of the data, a sign that some investors were scaling back bets that the Fed would trim its $85 billion in monthly bond purchases next month.
Mortgage rates have risen sharply since May on bets that the Fed would soon begin tapering its bond purchases. The stimulus program is designed to lower interest rates to make it easier for businesses to expand and take on new workers.
The housing market, which has been a major drag on the U.S. economy since the 2007-09 recession, appeared to turn a corner early last year when home prices began to rise.
Last month, the median price for a new home sale rose to $257,200, up from $237,400 in the same month of 2012.
There have been indications that higher borrowing costs are having only a limited impact on the overall housing market.
Sales of existing homes, a much larger category than new homes, surged to a three-year high last month. Some analysts speculated, however, that home buyers rushed into the market to lock in mortgage rates before they rose further.
Construction of new homes has accelerated over the last year, and the inventory of new homes for sale increased by 4.3 percent in July from June.
Rising inventories could slow the rapid and arguably unsustainable price gains seen over the past year. If that occurred in step with a moderate rise in interest rates, the overall housing market could become healthier in the long term.
“(In) the end it will make it the housing recovery a more durable one,” said Lindsey Piegza, chief economist with Sterne Agee & Leach in Chicago.
At July's sales pace it would take 5.2 months to clear the houses on the market, up from 4.3 months in June. A supply of six months is normally considered a healthy balance between supply and demand.
Crowdfunding investment: What you need to know - Daily Mail Crowdfunding investment: What you need to know Daily MailIf you are tempted to try to back the next Monzo, Revolut or Brewdog, what do you need to watch out for. Luke Lang, of Crowdcube, explains. [...]
Crowdfunding campaign to save Camden pub - MorningAdvertiser.co.uk Crowdfunding campaign to save Camden pub MorningAdvertiser.co.ukThe reaction to a crowdfunding campaign to buy the Hawley Arms, in Camden, from Greene King, has delighted the team behind it. Greene King does not intend ... [...]
Valley Food and Farm Collective raises $10,000 in crowdfunding campaign - Abbotsford News Valley Food and Farm Collective raises $10,000 in crowdfunding campaign Abbotsford NewsAbbotsford non-profit to use funds for projects that include food symposium. [...]
Crowdfunding Medicare For Us All - LA Progressive Crowdfunding Medicare For Us All LA ProgressiveCrowdfunding Medicare For Us All -- When I finally read Bernie's 2017 legislation “Medicare for All” I discovered that he really didn't mean “for all.” [...]
Sphero is crowdfunding its new Raspberry Pi-compatible robot - The Verge Sphero is crowdfunding its new Raspberry Pi-compatible robot The VergeSphero is taking to Kickstarter to launch its next robot, called the RVR, which is compatible with various accessories and includes a swappable battery. [...]
Earth is dying and this couple is crowdfunding a sex button - The Verge Earth is dying and this couple is crowdfunding a sex button The VergeA Kickstarter campaign for a set of buttons — designed for couples to use when they want to have sex — isn't a great solution for sexual relationship issues. [...]
Six Hallmarks Of Successful Crowdfunding Campaigns - Forbes Six Hallmarks Of Successful Crowdfunding Campaigns ForbesWhile crowdfunding can be a good way to raise funds, it is risky. Here are six hallmarks of successful projects which you can use to hotrod your own campaigns. [...]
Kickstart Your Micro Business - Forbes Kickstart Your Micro Business ForbesIf you have a great idea for a new product but your micro business doesn't have the money to develop your ideas into a product, could crowdfunding be a way to ... [...]
Crowdfunding project launched by March-based Eyrie Press is on target meet printing costs for children's book - Fenland Citizen Crowdfunding project launched by March-based Eyrie Press is on target meet printing costs for children's book Fenland CitizenA new picture book written for children for whom hospital has become part of their daily lives has reached the halfway point to its funding goal on the .. [...]
This article is from the archive of our partner .
For the past few weeks, we've seen Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham fall over one another trying to point out just how wrong Susan Rice sounded in the days after the Benghazi attack. Don't think Jon Stewart and his team haven't been eagerly watching, too. Of late, John McCain in particular hasn't been shy in pointing out that his railing against Rice for running with bad information is a completely different type of situation from what he did when he urged us to invade Iraq, assuring us that there were WMDs being hoarded over there (that didn't exist). But that's different than going back and actually watching the falsities that the McCain and Graham of 2002 actually told us — and watching them rail on that other Rice while they were at. So here's Jon Stewart giving you all of that and spearing McCain's latest crusade (all without even mentioning the words Sarah and Palin):
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Nigam Arora is an engineer, nuclear physicist, author, and entrepreneur and the founder of two Inc. 500 fastest growing companies. He is also the developer of the ZYX Change Method to profit from change by investing. The premise is that most money is made by predicting change before the crowd. Arora is the chief investment officer at The Arora Report and the editor of four newsletters that track the ZYX Change Method. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com .
Lately there has been a remarkable correlation between the U. S. stock market and the Japanese yen. Investors may be able to take advantage of it if given the proper attention.
The chart linked to below compares the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust ETF SPY, -0.06% which represents S&P 500 to the ProShares UltraShort Yen ETF YCS, -0.79% which represents 100% leveraged inverse position in Japanese yen against the U. S. dollar.
The chart shows six incidents of a dip in YCS since December that also correlated with dip in S&P 500.
Please click here to see the chart.
In evaluating the chart, it is worth repeating that YCS in an inverse ETF. The point is that when the yen gets stronger, the S&P 500 dips. Only days ago, the yen was trading at over 105 yen to a dollar, as of this writing, it has strengthened to 102 range.
The current stock-market swoon also correlated with several other currencies. Unlike the stock market, currencies typically move in small ranges. A 1% move in a currency is a large one.
Weakness in China has caused the Australian dollar to plunge. As of this writing, the Aussie dollar is down 1.1%. The Argentinian peso has been devalued by 13%. This is the worst decline since 2002. The South African rand lost 1% to about 11 rand per U. S. dollar; this is a five-year low. The Turkish lira remains under pressure, declining about 1.1% in spite of reports of Turkish central bank intervening to support the lira. Along those lines, the Russian central bank likely intervened to support the ruble from further fall.
Movement in currencies gave us an early clue that led to our downgrade of 13 of the 15 emerging markets that we actively trade to mild sell on Jan. 13, 2014. This call has proven spot on.
The sum total of the foregoing is that investors are shunning risk and embracing safety. This is confirmed by strength in U. S. Treasurys. The chart of the leveraged inverse 20+ year Treasury bond ETF TBT, -0.91% illustrates the strength in U. S. Treasury bonds.
Please click here for the chart of TBT.
Of interest is the euro is staying firm against the U. S. dollar. For the time being, this indicates that the probability of the currency turmoil developing into a huge crisis is low.
Relationships between currencies have a predictive power for the U. S. stock market. This is one of the eight factors that go into the adaptive timing model at The Arora Report.
The sum total of the currency movements so far is that any market correction in the U. S. and Europe will be shallow. When this correction ends in emerging markets, it will be a buying opportunity for the long-term investor. However, it goes without saying that this conclusion can quickly change as new data comes in. In addition to the currencies, keep a close eye on the following ETFs: iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF EEM, -0.34% iShares MSCI South Africa ETF EZA, +0.33% iShares MSCI Turkey ETF TUR, +0.28% Vanguard FTSE Europe ETF VGK, +0.75% and iShares MSCI Japan ETF EWJ, +0.35%
Disclosure: Subscriber to The Arora Report have a short position in SPY, one of the portfolios is 20% hedged, the conservative portfolio recently raised cash, and there is a long position in inverse Treasury ETF TBF.
Most people will tell you that Houston rappers are overall a peaceful bunch, but people do carry guns. No less a beloved figure than Pimp C was caught after he got into an altercation at the Foot Locker in Sharpstown Mall; supposedly a policeman saw a gun under Pimp's coat during the fight, followed him to his car and arrested him.
It's an unfortunate fact that many of the biggest names in Houston rap history have been caught up in some kind of gun-related drama during their careers. Sometimes it ends tragically, like this morning's deaths of Poppa C and Dinky D of the Assholes by Nature family, associates of Trae tha Truth -- who was wounded, and is groggy but OK, his publicist tells us -- outside the Diamond Club in Southwest Houston. Sometimes, thankfully, the results are a little more benign.
T.O.Y.
Standard Chartered Bank will invest $500m as a cornerstone investor in Agricultural Bank of China's H-Share Initial Public Offering (IPO) in Hong Kong.
Standard Chartered said that the consideration will be financed from its internal cash resources and will be for the number of shares with a total value at the offer price of the HKD equivalent of $500m.
The two banks recently signed an agreement to develop new business opportunities together. Both parties have agreed to explore opportunities for collaboration across Standard Chartered's international network and Agricultural Bank of China's domestic network. This may include global financial markets, capital markets, international trade corridors, SME and consumer finance sectors. The partnership may also share knowledge, for example in economic research, and staff training.
Peter Sands, group CEO of Standard Chartered, said: “Agricultural Bank of China is a great bank with a great future. This investment is a natural next step in our longstanding relationship and it underpins our recent agreement to develop business together. China is a key market for us and our partnership is a strong symbol of our commitment there.”
Scientist Rhawn Joseph has filed a lawsuit over what he alleges to be a conspiracy involving NASA, Mars and a mysterious rock. Joseph claims the space agency refused to investigate what he deemed to be alien life on Mars, calling the conclusions reached by NASA as “little more than magical thinking.”
Joseph filed the lawsuit in the United States District Court, Northern District of California, reports Popular Science. Joseph, working as an astrobiologist, claims NASA has failed to investigate evidence of life on Mars. The astrobiologist discusses his working, published in the Journal of Cosmology, that concludes the “jelly doughnut” rock that suddenly appeared in front of the Opportunity rover is a “ a fully grown bowl-shaped organism resembling Apothecia.”
The abstract reads, “What appears to be spore-producing "paraphyses" can be observed on the structure, as is apparent upon magnification and which is typical of Apothecia. Apothecia are composite organisms, a mixture of fungus and cyanobacteria.” Joseph refutes NASA's claims that the object is either a rock or piece of debris from a nearby impact.
Joseph is focusing on the “jelly doughnut” rock that was discussed during a public event for Opportunity's 10th anniversary. The Mars rover first photographed the outcrop on Sol 3528 and again 12 days later, Sol 3540. Despite not traveling over the area, Opportunity discovered a mysterious rock, dubbed “Pinnacle Island.”
Steve Squyres, lead scientist for the NASA Mars Exploration Rover mission, said at the time, “It just plain appeared at that spot and we haven't driven over that spot.” During their initial analysis of the rock, the “jelly” part has a high concentration of magnesium, sulfur and manganese than other Martian rocks. For now, the team has yet to reach a definitive conclusion as to how the rock got there, they believe it may have been knocked over by Opportunity's wheel as it was making a turn, but do they determine it is a rock and not a sign of Martian life.
While life on Mars would be a significant discovery, Joseph says NASA has refused to actually investigate the rock with all photographic evidence taken by Opportunity being of “low resolution” and “slightly out of focus.” Joseph says he discovered the evidence of a Martian organism after magnifying the images.
After comparing structural examples of apothecia, or “shield lichen,” with what was found on Mars, including the “paraphyses,” the “spore producing organs, he concludes the organism grew over the twelve days that Opportunity photographed the rock outcrop. “Typically, if deprived of moisture, Apothecia will quickly dry and dehydrate and then become quite brittle--exactly as depicted in the photos of the Martian ‘mystery" structure,'” states Joseph.
Despite this evidence, NASA has yet to acknowledge the Mars mystery rock is in fact evidence of life. Joseph's lawsuit laws out his claims as well as detailing the ways he tried to contact NASA officials to research the rock. Joseph is not seeking damages but wants NASA to “take 100 high resolution close-up in-focus photos of the specimen identiﬁed in Sol 3540, at various angles, from all sides, and from above down into the "bowl" of the specimen, and under appropriate lighting conditions which minimize glare. Take a minimum of 24 microscopic in-focus images of the exterior, lip, walls, and interior of the specimen under appropriate lighting conditions. NASA, and the rover team, must make public and supply Petitioner with all high resolution photos and images of that specimen.”
As io9 points out, Joseph does not have the best reputation within the scientific community. The Journal of Cosmology tends to have some dubious articles and would not be considered as reputable as journals such as Nature or Science. The journal previously hosted a dubious "proof of alien life" article last year and has a history of publishing research that has been deemed "Way, way, way ridiculously oh-holy-wow-how-could-anyone-publish-this wrong."
The full lawsuit, courtesy of Popular Science, can be viewed below.
NASA Lawsuit
“Yeah, I think probably people shy away from 20,” BuzzFeed's Jack Shepherd told me over the phone. “Twenty feels real weird.”
We were talking about lists, of course. Not listicles — Shepherd says, with some exceptions, listicles are not what BuzzFeed does: “A listicle, to me, is the lowest version of the art form. By lowest I don't mean bad — sometimes they're really, really great,” he says. “But a listicle, to me, is something that is literally an arbitrary grouping of things. Ten ghosts. Or 11 Songs We're Listening to Right Now. Things where there's no narrative that's driving it.”
I had called Shepherd to ask him about list length — why some lists have certain numbers of items, and how they get that way. I was hoping there would be a science behind it, a big reveal that explained why some BuzzFeed lists get stretched out to 65 or 84, while others stop shy of 10.
Our curiosity was piqued by a side project that Knight-Mozilla fellow Noah Veltman calls a Listogram, a data analysis of the frequency of BuzzFeed lists by length — or, more precisely, quantity. Consciously or subsconsciously, BuzzFeed list authors tend to cluster their products around certain lengths, Veltman found:
Veltman said in an email that his curiosity was piqued when he started to notice an increasing number of irregular list lengths, and fewer round numbers.
“These odd lengths are sort of a new phenomenon. Most listicle makers still tend to stick to the top 5, top 10 format,” he wrote. “But when you see BuzzFeed listicles, they have these arbitrary lengths, and it always raises the question in my mind, why THAT number of items?”
If you read enough BuzzFeed lists, you'll start to notice some of the things Veltman noticed as well. For example, some lists don't actually contain as many separate points as they say they do. They might have that many gifs or images, but there aren't actually (for example) “34 Reasons Why Parent Trap Dennis Quaid Is The Hottest Movie DILF Ever.” That list includes:
1. He owns a winery.
5. He's practically a cowboy.
6. HE'S A HOT COWBOY WHO OWNS HIS OWN WINERY.
The third of which is just an amplification of the previous two, if you want to get technical about it. (The hotness is made clear elsewhere in the list. This is serious business.) Veltman calls this phenomenon listflation. Via Twitter, BuzzFeed founder and CEO Jonah Peretti offered a counterpoint:
Anyway — so what did Veltman learn to crunch the data?
Despite the perceived move away from round numbers, the four most repeated list lengths are 10, 15, 21, and 25. (One of these things is not like the others.) But overall, Veltman was surprised by how common it was to write lists over 30.
“I'd have expected lists longer than 15 or 20 to be much rarer, since it seems like a lot to sit through AND it seems like a lot more work for the author,” Veltman wrote. In fact, Shepherd mentioned to a period in 2010 when there was an internal, unofficial competition in the BuzzFeed offices to see who could write the post that exceeded 100 by the most items.
“I think what we found ultimately is the amount of time it takes to compile 200 of something could be better spent actually narrowing it down to 20 and figuring out how to make it a really rich narrative experience,” he says. “The megalist phase of 2010 was an interesting experiment, but one that has mercifully gone by the wayside.”
Brian Abelson, who collaborated with Veltman on the project and is also a Knight-Mozilla fellow, found a slight correlation between list length and how many tweets the list gets — the longer the list, the more tweets.
It's probably not surprising that there's as much superstition as there is science at BuzzFeed around what list lengths should be. In addition to an instinctual dislike of the number 20, Shepherd told me, “It's long been a superstition in the business — for years — that an odd number will do better than an even number.” TWEET So it follows that Veltman also tried to find out whether certain authors invariably favor certain lengths, to see if they had any “pet theories” about what works well and what doesn't. (Where well = viral, that is.)
“Certain editors get attached to certain numbers. I looked at my top ten viral posts of all time, and three of them have 21,” Shepherd says.
@veltman @BuzzFeedBen @brianabelson does the author bias account for the popularity bias? Confounding variables!!! — Jonah Peretti (@peretti) August 26, 2013
The 9 Most Adorable Paragraphs In The Middle Of This Story
Indeed, there are some common rules that are applied to list length. But first, it's important to understand that there are different kinds of lists, which I tried to categorize from my conversation with Shepherd. “There's such a massive variety of experiences you can have with something that is a headline that happens to have a number in front of it,” he said.
First, and most basic, is the listicle. “109 Cats in Sweaters is literally that,” says Shepherd. “There's nothing more going on there.”
Second is the definitive list — the list that sets out to encompass all something, like The 50 Cutest Things that Ever Happened. These lists have a strong tendency to go viral — 316,000 Facebook likes on that one so far — but they take a lot of effort.
“I didn't just go and find 50 cute pictures that I liked. I thought back to my five years of scouring for cute animals on the Internet and the ones that really struck me and stuck with me,” he said. “Compiling that list took a huge amount of time and required having spent a lot of time looking at these things, whereas if you do something that is kind of more simple, you don't want to put a big round number.”
And finally, there is the framework list — the list that only exists to structure a narrative. Take, for example, 54 Reasons You Should Go To A Dog Surfing Competition Before You Die.
The number 54, “in that case, that's just a way of organizing this story that I'm telling about this amazing experience I had watching these dogs surf in San Diego,” Shepherd says. “If one of the items is that bulldogs are better surfers, and I have five great bulldog pictures that I'll group under that number, it sort of doesn't really matter.”
This is the most important kind of list for BuzzFeed, the one that helped it get past its reputation for creating Internet drivel and begin building a broader audience. This kind of list has the best content, but also the most arbitrary length — there are as many items as it takes for the story to be done.
“The thing that I've been saying recently about lists is a list is just a scaffolding for a story. It's just a way of organizing information,” says Shepherd. “I mean, The Odyssey is 24 chapters. You could call that 24 Chapters About Odysseus. That's, like, a really great list. Really top notch. Really, really viral. Super viral.” TWEET
That's heady stuff. But the point is, list length has more to do with what's in the list than with trying to guess which lengths readers are most likely to click.
7 Paragraphs You Must Read To Finish This Story
Which doesn't mean the lengths aren't being manipulated. Lots of editorial thought goes into shortening or lengthening lists according to taste. “But it's less interesting than numerology,” he says. “It's more things like, ‘You know what, I looked at this post and I really felt like around 20, I got the point. So you might want to cut it from 31 to 21.'” (Not 20. Remember, 20 feels real weird.)
Lists being too long — or having too much mid-list dead weight — is definitely a concern. “We've looked at it in real time, which specific items on a list people were sharing the most, and started cutting out the ones that weren't getting shares,” Shepherd says. “That was interesting — the idea being that, if there's a dud in your list, you want to cut it down. But that didn't in any conclusive way seem to effect the overall sharing of the post.”
Shepherd is also interested in using mobile technology to gather data on at which points in a list readers start scrolling faster. which could correspond with the point at which they got bored. He also likes to look over the shoulders of list readers.
“Something I would love to do — and it's tough to get editors to do it when they've put a lot of time into a post — I would love to split test a bunch of different editorial posts. Let's say an editor made a post that was 25 Steps to Get Through a Rough Day. I would like to have five versions of that post with different lengths and show readers different versions of that post and see which ones got the most sharing and see if we could get a sense,” he says.
But ultimately — much as one might want analytics to deliver conclusive answers — the results are often fuzzy. “I tried to have a look at some of our writers who have the most viral posts, and there's actually a pretty wide distribution of numbers,” says Shepherd. People make lists of all different lengths for all different reasons. And why people click on them likely has very little to do with having a natural affinity for the number 12 or refusing to read lists longer than 30.
But thinking about list length does force us to consider the medium more seriously — something that BuzzFeed higher-ups have been trying to get us to do for a while. Ultimately, neither the magic of numbers nor science of numbers explains why people are drawn to lists to begin with — nor does length, on its surface, do much to telegraph what multitudes a list might contain.
“Honestly,” Shepherd told me, “I've often made posts where the post didn't need a number, and then I'll throw a number into the headline — just because people like that more.”
Photo by Thomas Hawk used via a Creative Commons license.
Story highlights Building company CEO, his son, believed to be onboard, business says
NTSB investigators on scene, waiting until scene is safe to enter
Number of victims unknown; jet could carry seven to nine people
The plane departed from Hailey, Idaho
A business jet crashed into a hangar at the Santa Monica Airport on Sunday. No one survived the crash and subsequent fire, but authorities did not immediately determine how many were on board.
The twin-engine Cessna Citation ran off the right side of the runway after landing at 6:20 p.m. PT, said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor.
The hangar collapsed and was too unstable for firefighters to enter, said Captain John Nevandro of the Santa Monica Fire Department.
Firefighters pour water on a hangar after a plane crashed into it Sunday night in Santa Monica, California.
"It was an unsurvivable crash," Nevandro said.
There was no communication with the pilot to indicate mechanical failure, Van McKenny, an investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board, said Monday at a news conference. He added that the agency has not confirmed the number of people on the plane and that the county coroner will release that information.
Charles Muttillo, vice president of Morley Builders of Santa Monica, issued a statement Monday saying the company's president and CEO and his son were believed to be on the plane.
"We are aware of a plane crash at Santa Monica Airport last night. While we do not have specific facts, we believe that our President and CEO, Mark Benjamin, and his son, Luke Benjamin, a Senior Project Engineer with us were on board," the statement read. "We are unable to issue a further statement at this time. We will provide you with more updates as soon as we learn of them. Thank you."
Various models of the Citation jet carry from seven to nine passengers, according to the manufacturer's website.
A witness, Charles Thomson, told CNN affiliate KCAL-TV a tire on the plane appeared to burst.
"It wasn't an emergency landing," Thomson said. "It was just a landing, and the tire popped afterwards."
McKenny said he could not confirm that a tire was blown.
The plane departed from Hailey, Idaho, an area popular for vacation homes, KCAL reported.
The former Savoy Hotel, once a Houston landmark and now a downtown eyesore, has been decaying in the city's skyline for nearly a quarter-century.
Although the 17-story hotel at 1616 Main may seem to be in a prime spot, near the light-rail line and on the edge of downtown and Midtown, it is one of several buildings in the area that have been abandoned for years.
This month, however, a group of private investors purchased the property and plans to convert the historic space into a Holiday Inn within the year. Real estate experts say the move shows even some neglected areas of downtown are ripe for revitalization.
Look around: The Savoy then and now
"I think what it says is downtown is so healthy that even the buildings that were considered by many to be demolition targets have now been sold for remodeling," said David Cook, a downtown property broker with Cushman & Wakefield in Houston.
Rahul Bijlani, one of the developers, said he believes the property is in a part of town that is "turning around." He said the hotel will be the Holiday Inn flagship of Houston when it is completed.
Delightful desserts: Cupcake fans can indulge their cravings downtown
"I'm sure there were other folks who tried to make it work in the past, but timing was challenging," Bijlani said. "It's a good time to develop in Houston. It's safe to say the Houston hotel market is recovering nicely."
The Savoy property is not the only multistory building in the southwestern part of downtown that seemed to be on the path to demolition in recent years.
A local real estate investor has purchased the Central Square Plaza at 2100 Travis with plans to restore it. A group of private investors bought the long-deserted Days Inn property, 801 St. Joseph's Parkway, last year and expects to develop the space either into a high-end to midlevel hotel or an apartment complex.
Bijlani said the Savoy building is in an excellent location on Main Street.
"We are pretty excited that we can take what was an important part of the history of Houston and bring it back to life," he said.
The original seven-story structure was built in 1909 as the first high-rise apartment building in Houston. An adjacent 17-story addition was built in 1966, but both buildings sat vacant after the Savoy Hotel closed in 1988.
The original building was demolished in 2009 after an inspection found cracks in the building facade and bricks were seen falling from the building. The roof had collapsed. Only a few tiles from its entryway remain.
The hotel's new owners hope to preserve those tiles and turn the original structure's footprint into a green space with a patio bar.
The group of investors refused to disclose the purchase price. The former owner did not return a call requesting comment.
Bob Eury, executive director of Houston Downtown Management District, said the hotel was open an "amazingly long time ago." He said the neighborhood has experienced renewed activity, with several projects working in the vicinity.
"The owners picked a good time," he said. "I think the time is right for this project at this point."
Eury said part of the challenge with the properties is that as the buildings get older, they have a harder time meeting the standards of certain hotel chains. Many parts of the Savoy property give it an advantage, such as the adjacent parking lot and attached garage and its proximity to the transit station, he said.
A construction crew is working to restore the hotel, hammering away inside and out.
Inside, dusty books line shelves in an abandoned lobby, rust has eaten into the hardware of a chandelier and a sweeping staircase with a tattered red carpet leads to nowhere. Paintings hang askew, while a cash register and a dust-covered armchair look as if they haven't been touched since the doors closed.
"There's too much good to bulldoze," Nupen Patel, another of the developers, said as he flipped through pieces of history that had collecting dust inside the building.
The new owners hope to incorporate aspects of the historical structure, such as the shiny elevator doors, a glass mail chute that was part of the original hotel and some of the paintings hanging on the walls.
Coming soon: Splashy plans emerge for Houston Club site
The developers said the Holiday Inn will fill a gap in the mid- to upper-end hotel market. Most of the hotels in the downtown area are high-end, they said.
Patel said they plan to bring in a high-end restaurant, build a patio bar, update the rooms and revamp the exterior. Engineers told the developers the concrete on the structure looked like it had just been poured yesterday. Patel said if they tried to build a structure like the Savoy today, it would cost tens of millions of dollars.
"You can't build buildings like that today," he said.
Yet it, the Days Inn and the Central Square Plaza had fallen on hard times. In 2011, the properties were highlighted in a Chronicle investigation of abandoned downtown buildings. In the three years prior, they had received dozens of citations from the Houston Police Department. The Savoy Hotel building alone had racked up 24 violations.
Eury welcomes the interest in the Savoy and its surroundings.
"When you look around, there aren't many building like that left," he said. "After many, many years we are finally seeing changes in that area."
Nancy Sarnoff contributed to this report.
Spanish-language cable company Hemisphere Media has launched a streaming service today in conjunction with Lionsgate's film division, according to a press release.
This is the third streaming service Lionsgate has collaborated on in a little over a year, following Kevin Hart's Laugh Out Loud (announced in March 2016 and launching this month) and Comic-Con HQ in (launched in May 2016).
The service, called Pantaya, will cost $5.99 per month and will be available in the US only. Subscriptions (and a seven-day free trial) are available for iOS, Android, and Roku apps, a browser version, and as one of Amazon Prime's relatively new Amazon Channels. The service will include “current and classic” Spanish-language films, as well as documentaries and concerts. Notably, major Spanish-language film studio Pantelion (partly owned by Lionsgate) will add films to the service on the same day as their theatrical release.
Lionsgate, which owns the streaming rights to over 16,000 films, will contribute classic English-language movies dubbed in Spanish. Lionsgate stated in the release, “The service features the largest, most current, and most diverse selection of Spanish-language blockbusters and critically acclaimed films from Latin America and Hollywood.” Hemisphere CEO Alan Sokol emphasized that the service is targeted at “Hispanic movie lovers in the US,” looking to “connect with their cultures.”
The interface looks pretty nice; it's basically a teal-and-gray, pared-down version of Netflix. The intention to offer day-and-date film releases is another similarity between the two streaming services. However, Lionsgate's approach differs in that it's had a stake in Pantelion since 2010, and doesn't need to cultivate a production arm from scratch. Yesterday, the LA Times reported that Netflix's ambitious original content strategy has put it $20 billion in debt.
“You know that in ancient times religion, astronomy, medicine, and magic were all mixed up so that it was difficult to tell the beginning of one and the ending of the other and to-day the Gypsies, hoboes, free masons, astronomers, scientists, almanacs, and physicians still use some of the old magical emblems. So there is no reason why the boys of to-day should be debarred from using such of the signs as may suit their games or occupations and we will crib for them the table of numerals from old John Angleus, the astrologer. He learned them from the learned Jew, Even Ezra, and Even Ezra learned them from the ancient Egyptian sorcerers, so the story goes; but the reader may learn them from this book.” (Beard 1918: 91)
So begins the chapter, “Numerals of the Magic: Ancient System of Secret Numbers”, by Daniel Carter Beard in his 1918 volume The American boys' book of signs, signals, and symbols, which you can download from Google Books for free. Beard was one of the founders of the Sons of Daniel Boone in the early 20th century, which merged with the Boy Scouts of America (of which Beard was a key founder) in 1910 when that famous group was formed. Beard wrote a number of popular books intended for boys in the Scouting movement, including this one. Scouting books today do not, as a rule, make reference to esoteric Egyptian sorcery or Freemasonry or ‘John Angleus' (who is Johannes Engel (1453-1512)) or ‘the learned Jew, Even Ezra' (Abraham ibn Ezra (1089-1164)), or, for that matter, have a chapter on number magic at all. At least, I never heard about it, and I was in Scouts for over a decade. But we are fortunate that this one did, because it has a couple of real treasures inside, not previously recognized as such.
Let's take the second one first. It appears on p. 92 immediately following the passage I just quoted:
For those of you familiar with my book Numerical Notation, these are the numerals used primarily by Cistercian monks from the 13th – 15th centuries, and thereafter described in early modern numerology and astrology for several centuries, though largely at that point as an intellectual curiosity rather than a practical notation. David King's wonderfully detailed Ciphers of the Monks (King 2001), which is one of the few books at that price point (somewhere around $150, if I recall) that may be worth it, lists every example the author could find of these numerals, from medieval astrolabes to Belgian wine barrels to 20th-entury German nationalist texts. It's extremely comprehensive. However, it does not mention Beard's book – and why should it? What a bizarre place to find such a numerical system! It's what I describe as a ciphered-additive system, which is to say that there is no zero because none is needed: there is a distinct sign for each of 1-9, 10-90, 100-900, and 1000-9000. The Cistercian numerals are a little anomalous typologically; another interpretation of them would be that they are positional, but use rotational rather than linear position – the signs for 9, 90, 900, and 9000 (e.g.) are rotations or flips of one another, so we could consider them the same sign (9) in four different orientations. Zero is superfluous (thus not present) because unlike linear texts, there is no ‘gap' to be accounted for by an empty place-value.
I became curious and tried to figure out why Beard attributed these to ‘Angleus' and to ‘Even Ezra'. Engel's Astrological Optics was translated into English (1655) but contains no Cistercian numerals, and King doesn't note him as using or depicting the system. Similarly, ibn Ezra was not a known user of the system. And I haven't even been able to find any other source that attributes the system to those individuals; rather, it's almost always Agrippa of Nettelsheim or Regiomontanus who are invoked in the scholarship. We know that Beard was a Freemason, so he may have had access to some Masonic texts that said as much, but I can't find any such reference, and King doesn't mention any likely sources either, although he does note that many Masons (especially in France) were familiar with the Cistercian system. So it's not entirely clear where Beard learned about the system (although you see below), and he's got a lot of things mixed up in the account.
The other numerical treasure in Beard's book is even more fascinating, although it appears in the previous chapter on codes and ciphers and is less prominent, on p. 85, the ‘tit-tat-toe' numerals:
So what we see here, again, is a ciphered-additive decimal system in which there is a ‘family resemblance' between 9, 90, 900, and 9000 (and the other numbers so patterned), but no zero. The signs are designed after their place in a hash / tic-tac-toe / octothorpe with the power indicated through ornamentation. As a ciphered-additive system, it's like the Cistercian numerals (although the signs are completely different) but instead of placing signs around a vertical staff, the signs are constructed into a box. Note that the signs in each numeral-phrase are not strictly ordered, but are packed compactly in whatever way suits the resulting box aesthetically. This is one of the advantages of ciphered-additive systems that, if desired, for cryptographic purposes or for any other reason, the signs can be re-ordered without loss of numerical meaning. But I know of no system quite like this, where numerals are arranged in a box-like shape, or where there is such a novel means of forming individual signs.
Beard is explicit that this system is newly designed: “The tit-tat-toe system of numerals here shown for the first time is entirely new and possesses the advantage of being susceptible of combinations up to four figures which suggests nothing to the uninitiated but a sort of Japanese form of decoration” (Beard 1918: 84). He claims that the alternate name ‘Cabala' is just another name for the tit-tat-toe, which is a highly dubious claim, but he is clearly trying to invoke a connection between his newly-developed system and Jewish mysticism – in the hope that Boy Scouts will use it as a numerical code. Ciphered-additive numerals are rare enough in the modern era – most of the systems are obsolescent at best. So it's fascinating to see a twentieth-century system right at the moment of its development. It's also fascinating to see how mystical, spiritual, and numerological knowledge from early-modern authors is incorporated into a manual for Boy Scouts and recommended for use in cryptography.
We're not quite done, though. Based on some of the (otherwise uncited) quotations in Beard's book, I concluded that he was taking some of his ‘insight' about the ‘Cabala' from L.W. De Laurence's Great Book of Magical Art (1915), which was a popular American book of spiritualism and Oriental mysticism at the time. And, looking into de Laurence's book, lo and behold, what did I find?
De Laurence, whose work is also not noted by King, gives a more standard attribution than does Beard for what we now know to be the Cistercian numerals: he attributes them to the ‘Chaldeans', which is a very common descriptor for the system and is even found in the scholarly literature. He doesn't mention Angelus or Even Ezra or any other of the medieval and early modern authors who use the system, so it's still a mystery how Beard made that attribution. But, given that there really are not a lot of texts that discuss this system at all, I suggest that Beard encountered them through De Laurence and possibly confounded their origin with some other understandings he had picked up along the way, possibly through Masonic writings.
It's not every day that I discover a new numerical notation system, and it's great to do that, even when it's one that seems to have been developed once but never adopted more widely. So it was neat to find the ‘tit-tat-toe' system, even if it never appeared anywhere else. But I also found it fascinating to track the transmission of the much more widespread (but still under-appreciated) Cistercian numerals through their roundabout path to a Scouting manual for boys. As King's book amply demonstrates, the system has a tendency to show up in the oddest places, so perhaps we should (ahem) ‘be prepared' to find them anywhere.
Beard, Daniel Carter. 1918. The American boys' book of signs, signals and symbols. Philadelphia: Lippincott.
De Laurence, L. W. 1915. The great book of magical art, Hindu magic and East Indian occultism. Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.: De Laurence Co.
King, David A. 2001. The ciphers of the monks: a forgotten number-notation of the Middle Ages. Stuttgart: F. Steiner.
Advertisements
Mobile devices are prime targets for for cyber criminals, and a report by mobile security company Lookout reveals some surprising data about how they plot their attacks.
Lookout collected data from more than 50 million users between January and December of 2013. It analyzed the information and broke it down by region and type of attack to get a picture of mobile attack trends. The results are weighted to normalize the differences between life cycles of users in different regions.
What stood out is that attackers adapt attack behavior to target regions where the attack is more likely to maximize profit while minimizing potential detection.
Lookout report finds that attackers target mobile attacks by region.
For example, the overall rate of encountering malware on a mobile device was only 4 percent in the United States and Canada and only 3 percent in France, but jumps to 18 percent in Spain, 28 percent in China, and a massive 63 percent in Russia.
In North America, the bulk of mobile attacks fall into the adware category—threats that serve obtrusive or unsolicited ads on compromised devices. In other regions—especially in China and Russia—chargeware attacks are more prevalent. Chargeware attacks surreptitiously rack up significant fees on user accounts without clear notification or user consent.
Adware, and chargeware, and other mobile malware are obviously problems for individual users, but Lookout also points out a serious concern for businesses—particularly organizations that have embraced BYOD. “As BYOD becomes more common in the workplace, rather than attacking traditional, heavily monitored network services, we expect criminals to evolve once again and turn to mobile devices as an easier way to get into the enterprise and access valuable data,” the report states.
Attackers are generally lazy—or at least very efficient. They go after the low-hanging fruit. For example, the recent Target data breach was not a result of a direct attack on Target, or even Target employees. The attackers exploited a third-party contractor that works with Target and used that as a back door to compromise the Target network. Similarly, personal mobile devices with access to company data and network resources are a much easier to target than trying to attack an organization directly.
To protect yourself, you should make sure you only download apps from the designated app store for your mobile platform, or at least verify the integrity and credibility of any third-party app stores you might use. You should also be careful of random calls or text messages, and never press buttons or tap on links. It's basically the same mantra as the “don't open email file attachments from unknown sources,” just extended to mobile devices.
Finally, you have to recognize the value of what's on your mobile device, and what it has access to. How many apps or services on your mobile device are able to expose sensitive information or have stored passwords that allow them to connect to confidential or personal data with a single tap? Use a passcode to lock your mobile device, and consider using some sort of security software to detect and block attacks just like you do on your traditional PC.
The United States' tough stance on the North Korean regime is reportedly seeing results, as countries are shunning their ties the rogue regime, particularly since President Trump took office.
The administration has seen significant victories at the United Nations Security Council, where it secured two rounds of additional sanctions—particularly focusing on North Korean exports and the oil trade—while avoiding vetoes by China and Russia.
At the White House meanwhile, Trump has been taking a more aggressive rhetorical approach, repeatedly nicknaming Kim Jong-un as “rocket man” and strongly hinting at possible military action.
“Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn't work!” Trump tweeted on Monday:
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn't work! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2017
This came after he warned Saturday that “only one thing will work” in regards to dealing with the country:
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid…… — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2017
…hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2017
While some media outlets and lawmakers have bristled at Trump's words, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday that a broader U.S. strategy appears to be bringing increased pressure on the regime, with 20 nations curbing their diplomatic or business operations in the country after pressure from the State Department – pressure that began during the last days of the Obama administration and has ramped up during the Trump administration.
“U.S. officials have asked countries to shut down businesses owned by the North Korean government, remove North Korean vessels from ship registries, end flights by the country's national air carrier and expel its ambassadors,” the outlet reported, adding that U.S. diplomats made sure that North Korea could not secure meetings at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit this year.
Mexico, Peru, Spain, Kuwait, and Italy have all expelled their ambassadors after U.S. highlighted North Korea's use of embassies to ship contraband and earn currency. Other countries have agreed to reduce the presence of North Korean guest workers, the Journal reported. Guest workers were also targeted by both rounds of U.N. sanctions this year, which the U.S. says are used to earn money abroad for the regime's weapons program.
The Journal notes that these developments suggest a more subtle behind-the-scenes campaign by diplomats parallel with U.N. sanctions and bullish talk from the White House. Some of the negotiations are small-scale, with one incident involving a North Korean hostel operating in Berlin—the German government announced in May it was closing it down after diplomats pointed it out.
Other countries who were initially skeptical—such as Saudi Arabia—reportedly fell into line this year as North Korea's aggression heightened, particularly its test of a hydrogen bomb in August, and the U.S. puffed out its chest in response. Some countries, such as Chile and Myanmar, have still resisted the U.S. outreach, however.
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY
The Suicide Machines are one of the most beloved ska-punk bands that came out of the period affectionately known as the 3rd Wave. Their fantastic songwriting and energetic live shows have been winning over fans for many, many years. Even with their break-up as a full time band in 2006, the passion of their fanbase did not diminish. In fact, the love for the band has just grown more and more. I recently had the chance to ask Jason Navarro a few questions about the band and what is next for him.
Let's go back. It is 2006 and the Suicide Machines have been going for almost 15 years. The band just came off 2 of their best albums. And suddenly, it seemed the band was no more. What led to the break-up?
Ryan and Rich had quit. They couldn't get along with Dan anymore which really took a lotta the wind outta my sails. I had a possible job offer that I was going to take. Dan was pissed but I was done with touring and done with him too. There was a huge blowout between him and me in LA because he wouldn't do an encore. We went on stage without him and played Vans Song. He lost his shit on me and that was that. Good way to end on our 2nd best record.
The Suicide Machines are considered one of the most beloved, influential, and successful bands coming from the punk and ska scenes. Did you expect the outpouring of love and mourning over the band in the wake of the break-up?
No, it's weird. Like kinda we were to the 2nd wave of punk ska what Operation ivy was to me, not that we were ever as awesome as that band, just putting it how someone put it like that to me. I don't know why people even ever liked my band at all. Very strange. Just always been a house show kinda band, never expected or even thought about? Like I don't really know how we got big or whatever. No idols or that kind of bullshit.
Only 3 years later, in 2009, the band reformed for some gigs. What was the catalyst for getting back together?
My great friend Steve, ex road homie, is an activist. A real one. Their affinity got infiltrated by a NARC from the Seattle G8. I really don't think I'm supposed to talk about this for obvious reasons. Plain and simple, I don't leave my friends behind. I raised money to pay for his lawyer. ELF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wake up people it's a fuckin' war on our earth being raged by corporations!
You guys have been playing a ton of festivals and larger shows. Does the band have any desire to do either smaller tours or weekend jaunts?
Talking about a 2 week farewell tour
Is there any Suicide Machines material sitting on the shelf that you'd love to release?
Yes, quite a bit but you will see very soon what is about to be unveiled. (Note: after sending Jay these questions we learned that the first 2 Suicide Machines records would be released on vinyl by Asbestos Records).
You and your bands are pretty synonymous with the city of Detroit. What does the city mean to you?
Detroit is everything to me. Our scene is better than any city in the USA. Our bands are better too.
Following the Suicide Machines, you fronted and played guitar for two excellent bands, Hellmouth and Break Anchor. What is the status of those groups?
Hellmouth is doing demos for a new record and has a dance goth industrial remix record coming out. Oh and a split with Common Enemy! Out real soon! Break Anchor just did a West Coast tour. Gunna try and write a full length this summer
Later last year, tapes surfaced of you lending your vocals to a few Pennywise tunes as they were trying to replace Jim Lindberg. What was that experience like?
The Pennywise thing was stressful. Those guys are real good friends of mine and when Fletcher asked I blew it off for like 3 months. He asked, “where are the demos?” So I told him I felt weird about it. He talked me into it cuz Jim quit of his own free will. So after one shitty 12-hour shift I grabbed a case of beer got drunk as fuck and knocked out those songs. Told Fletcher, “Fuck it, I hate my job get me outta here.” Ha…too late Zoli was on board. It's all for the better.
You guys are one of the headliners for the first ever Apple Stomp shows in NYC. The festival features a lot of reunited ska bands performing. Is there anyone on the show you are really looking forward to playing with or seeing?
Not really. Just happy to play an all ska show. Pilfers!!!!!
If you could indulge me for a second, I read an interview with Jeff Dean where he cites you as a major influence. He talks about this chord that you would do that he picked up and then used in a number of his compositions. Are you willing to talk about trade secrets?
I just look at a guitar as there aren't just bibles of so many chords. I think noisy discordant ones can be beautiful. Make up your own within the context of the song to bring something more.
http://www.suicide-machines.com/
https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Suicide-Machines/130232737062975
https://www.facebook.com/breakanchor
https://www.facebook.com/AppleStompNYC
