A massive operation involving 300 officers of the military police arrested 34 members of a criminal gang involved in drug and arms trafficking in Sardinia and northern Italy on 28 March.
The gang had also been plotting to steal the corpse of Enzo Ferrari, the founder of the famous luxury car company to blackmail his family for the body's return.
The plan was devised in November 2015 and the gang made repeated trips to the cemetery in the central Italian town of Modena, where Ferrari was buried after his death in 1988. The authorities arrested the gang as it was about to enact the plan.
"The gang had planned it all down to the smallest details" explained Colonel Saverio Ceglie who was heading the operation, at a press conference. "The plan had been in place for years but did not succeed due to our intervention", he said, quoted by Italian news agency Ansa. The authorities had warned the Ferrari family, who were aware of everything.
The investigation into the gang's criminal activities, which had been going on for almost a decade, began when the gang kidnapped local bank director Giampaolo Cosseddu and his wife Pietrina Secce in October 2007.
In the course of the police operation, the authorities confiscated large quantities of cocaine and weed, as well as firearms. Drug and arms trafficking were the gang's two main revenue streams.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement A missing merchant ship with 15 Russian crew members on board has been spotted off the coast of West Africa, unconfirmed reports say. The Arctic Sea had last been sighted in the Bay of Biscay on 30 July. Reports citing coastguards suggested it had been seen some 400 nautical miles north of the Cape Verde islands. However amid continuing uncertainty, the Russian envoy in Cape Verde said he had contacted the military there and the sighting had not been confirmed. Russian navy ships have been searching for the 4,000-tonne Maltese-flagged vessel, which had been carrying timber. Observers have suggested the ship was hijacked, possibly because of a Russian commercial dispute. Click here for a map charting sightings of the Arctic Sea Following the reported sighting, a spokesman for the French defence ministry told the BBC that the Arctic Sea was thought to be in international waters. The spokesman said his information came from the Cape Verde coastguard, who said the ship was outside its jurisdiction. It would seem that these acts, such as they have been reported, have nothing in common with 'traditional' acts of piracy or armed robbery at sea.
Martin Selmayr
EU Commission
Speculation rife over missing ship However, the spokesman said there was a "high possibility" that the ship had been located. French intelligence officials also believe they have found the ship in the same area, he said. The Russian ambassador to Cape Verde, Alexander Karpushin, told Associated Press news agency that a Russian frigate was heading to the area but had no information on the Arctic Sea's location. Russia's RIA news agency later quoted Mr Karpushin as saying that confirmation that the Arctic Sea had been spotted "400 nautical miles north of the island of Santo Antao... did not prove to be true". Five Russian warships and other vessels have been searching the Atlantic for the vessel. Attack reports Carrying timber reportedly worth $1.8m (£1.1m), the Arctic Sea sailed from Finland and had been scheduled to dock in the Algerian port of Bejaia on 4 August. The Arctic Sea went missing in mysterious circumstances last month The crew reported being boarded by up to 10 armed men as the ship sailed through the Baltic Sea on 24 July, but the intruders were reported to have left the vessel on an inflatable boat after 12 hours. There are also reports of the ship being attacked a second time off the Portuguese coast. However the ship's operators said they had no knowledge of the incident and Portugal said the ship was never in its territorial waters. The last known contact with the crew was when the Arctic Sea reported to British maritime authorities as it passed through the Dover Strait. On Friday, the European Union Commission spokesman Martin Selmayr said: "From information currently available it would seem that these acts, such as they have been reported, have nothing in common with 'traditional' acts of piracy or armed robbery at sea." Nato was monitoring the situation due to the unusual nature and location of the attacks, but was not directly involved in the search.
Click here to return
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When the Orlando Magic launched their rebuilding effort in August 2012 by trading disgruntled franchise cornerstone Dwight Howard, an obvious question emerged.
What, exactly, would the rebuild look like?
The years since have started to answer that question. In the simplest terms, the Magic have used the draft and trades to acquire as many young, high-upside players as possible — players who would remain under team contractual control for the foreseeable future or, if tantalizing opportunities arose, could be flipped to other teams for high-impact talent.
The young nucleus currently consists of Evan Fournier, Aaron Gordon, Tobias Harris, Mario Hezonja, Victor Oladipo, Elfrid Payton and Nik Vucevic.
But although Orlando has started its season 8-8, the rebuild is nowhere near complete. Much still remains to be answered and probably won't be answered this season.
How many members of the nucleus — if any — will develop into players who are substantially above average at their respective positions? Will any members of the young core eventually be sent elsewhere for additional talent, perhaps for an All-Star who wants out from his current team? And will the Magic successfully dip into the free-agent pool for an All-Star, as they attempted to do in July with Atlanta Hawks power forward Paul Millsap?
Charles King and Brian Schmitz preview the Orlando Magic's road game against the Minnesota Timberwolves Charles King and Brian Schmitz preview the Orlando Magic's road game against the Minnesota Timberwolves SEE MORE VIDEOS
For now, however, in terms of the way they play, the Magic closely resemble the team they'll face early Sunday night, the Boston Celtics.
With Brad Stevens, arguably the sport's best young coach, consistently pushing all the correct buttons, the Celtics rely on their depth and an energetic defense to win games.
The Magic also lean on depth and an energetic defense, and their coach, Scott Skiles, recently made a move that has paid immediate dividends, moving Oladipo to the bench and inserting veteran power forward Channing Frye into the starting lineup to create more balance.
The Celtics have four players who average double figures in scoring. The Magic have five.
Scott Skiles discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-90 win over the Milwaukee Bucks on November 27, 2015 Scott Skiles discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-90 win over the Milwaukee Bucks on November 27, 2015 SEE MORE VIDEOS
Boston entered Saturday fourth in the NBA in defensive efficiency. Orlando was ninth.
Boston was seventh in field-goal percentage defense. Orlando was fifth.
Although the teams share similarities in the way they play, crucial distinctions emerge when you study the compositions of their rosters. Aside from point guard Marcus Smart, the sixth overall pick in the 2014 NBA Draft and forward Jae Crowder, the Celtics' roster consists of players who already have reached their ceilings or don't have especially high ceilings (and even the height of Smart's ceiling remains in question).
Still, the Celtics reached the playoffs last season with a 40-42 record and have started this season 9-7.
The Celtics started their rebuild in July 2013 by trading Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce and two other players to the Brooklyn Nets for an avalanche of upcoming draft picks and a bunch of veterans who are no longer with the Celtics.
So, in many ways, even though the Celtics have already reached the playoffs since their rebuild began, Boston is at an earlier stage in its rebuild than Orlando is.
The Magic have a young nucleus in place, while the Celtics' young nucleus has barely even started to be acquired.
None of the Celtics' upcoming draft picks are more valuable than the Nets' 2016 first-round pick. That pick has no protections on it, and the Nets began Saturday with the league's third-worst record. So the Celtics can hope they'll be in position to pick first overall and land LSU freshman Ben Simmons if Simmons decides to go pro.
After positioning themselves during the 2012-13 and 2013-14 seasons to get the best possible draft picks — in a word: tanking — the Magic hoped they would turn a corner in 2014-15. That season, however, turned out to be a disaster. Then-Magic coach Jacque Vaughn had more talent — but younger talent — to work with than Stevens had, and yet the Magic played awful defense, never jelled as a team and started the year 15-37, prompting Vaughn's firing.
Those persistent struggles stunted Magic youngsters' growth and made it more difficult for Magic officials to evaluate the players and determine whether the pieces fit together.
So far, a clear pecking order hasn't emerged with the Magic in the way, say, DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry clearly lead the Toronto Raptors or Millsap, Al Horford and Jeff Teague clearly lead the Atlanta Hawks.
Even with the rebuild in its fourth season, much about the Magic's rebuild remains to be settled.
jrobbins@orlandosentinel.com. Read his blog at OrlandoSentinel.com/magicblog and follow him on Twitter at @JoshuaBRobbins.
The Trek-Segafredo team have begun announcing their nine-rider team for this year's 2016 Tour de France via Twitter. They revealed the first three riders on Saturday that include climbers Bauke Mollema and Peter Stetina, and Classics specialist Jasper Stuyven. Related Articles Peter Stetina blog: It's great to be back home in the USA!
Bauke Mollema on verge of re-signing with Trek Segafredo
10 years of Fabian Cancellara's storied Tour de France career
Tour de France 2016: Race preview
Nizzolo extends contract with Trek-Segafredo until 2018
Mollema will lead the team's general classification aspirations at this year's Tour, as he looks to crack the top three overall in Paris. The Dutch rider has been a contender in the Grand Tours during his career. Last year he was seventh at the Tour, but he was also tenth in 2014 and sixth in 2013. He has also placed fourth overall at the Vuelta a España (2011) and 12th at the Giro d'Italia (2010).
I'm ready for my 6th Tour de France! Our fans announce the team: follow @TrekSegafredo for the other 8 names! https://t.co/gkIlb9p8iT — Bauke Mollema (@BaukeMollema) June 25, 2016
He will rely on help from fellow climber Stetina, who recently showed his progress in form at the Amgen Tour of California in May, where he started the race as the team's GC leader and was second on the queen stage summit finish on Gibraltar Rd.
The American came back from a serious leg injury sustained in a crash at País Vasco last year when he hit a street bollard that wasn't marked on the race course. It has taken a year of rehabilitation for him to get back to top form and he is still looking to improve on that before the start of the Tour de France.
1 year ago I was watching on TV while learning to walk again. Next week I race @LeTour! #comeback#neversettle — Peter Stetina (@peterstetina) June 25, 2016
Stuyvens, who will make his Tour de France debut, is a specialist in the spring Classics and one-day races. He is an asset to the team as a domestique. He's shown top form this year with a win at Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne, ninth at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad, fifth at E3 Harelebeke and he raced at Dubai Tour, Volta ao Algarve, Tirreno-Adriatico, Tour of California and the recent Tour de Suisse, in support of his teammates.
Looking forward to my Tour de France début ! #3weeksofmadnesshttps://t.co/efLK6rRmvi — Jasper Stuyven (@Jasperstuyven) June 25, 2016
It is widely assumed that Fabian Cancellara will also be on the Tour de France team, in his last run at the French Grand Tour. Read our recent feature highlighting his storied career at the Tour de France.
The next round of three riders will be revealed on Twitter on Sunday.
Trek-Segafredo roster so far for the 2016 Tour de France: Fabian Cancellara, Bauke Mollema, Peter Stetina and Jasper Stuyvens.
Walking down a hallway in his home-cum-house of horrors, Dominic Menaldi spies some decorative cats' eyes his decorator has strung up.
“I want no kiddy (stuff,)” he shouts. “Let's put a dead body here.”
On Halloween night, Menaldi expects upward of 5,000 people to troop through his Huntington Beach house, known locally as the “castle house.” He and his volunteers also plan to hand out 500 to 600 pounds of candy.
That's when they're not scaring the bejesus out of those who don't take the “scaredy cat” route through the side yard.
In recent years, Menaldi's house has been a must-see for those in search of a truly harrowing Halloween experience. It has become so popular that the wait time for the free event can sometimes stretch for hours.
Menaldi's house will shake from the vibrations of 50 speakers pounding music, while strobe lights, black lights and smoke add a kind of visual dystopia. Rooms are crowded with apparitions, body parts and mannequins. Or are they? You might not know until one jumps out and grabs you.
The master of the mayhem is Menaldi, a security company supervisor, construction worker and carpenter, bodyguard, power-lifter and former occasional bear wrestler. The 300-pound gleeful boogeyman hopes to give you bad dreams for weeks. But all in good fun.
Menaldi has also made the news several times over the years for battling with the city over the color and several lions heads and shields that adorned a wall on his property along Magnolia Avenue, or the time the house was invaded by rats from the ASCON landfill site across the street.
And then there were the bear wrestling matches, the last of which was in 1999, when Menaldi fought a grizzly named Dakota who was reportedly more interested in cookies and Sarah Brightman songs than engaging with Menaldi.
Halloween, however, is a more recent interest. Until he began transforming a typical southeast Huntington Beach tract home into a one-of-a-kind castle, Menaldi had never really been into the whole Halloween thing.
In 2002, he bought the house on the corner of Bermuda Drive and Magnolia. Menaldi said he was working security at a rock company at the time and was allowed to take home whatever he wanted. That was when the castle idea came.
“I didn't like stucco, so I started putting castle rock up,” he said.
Next came the gargoyles and the griffin, and then Halloweeners drawn by the growing spookiness of the house. After the house was finished, the whole idea of decorating inside and out and having visitors pass through gradually evolved, Menaldi said.
Now it's all the rage.
Menaldi spends the better part of a month setting up the house with the help of volunteer friends, including Lori Primo, a professional decorator who has added her touches the past couple of years.
Revelers climb through three stories of the house. Each room has a theme. There is an exorcist room, a spider room, a don't-lose-your-head-at-the-bar room, the evil bride room, the meat locker and green goblin room.
Maybe best of all, particularly for Menaldi, who loves to buck up against convention and social correctness, is a scary clown room, where the candy is.
Menaldi said his gallery of ghouls grows every year, much of it given to him by others.
“I give myself $500 each year and I go out and buy after Halloween and at garage sales,” he said. “I have never bought a Halloween prop at the regular price.”
The festivities usually begin around 6 p.m. Often the candy doesn't last the night, but the weirdness can.
There was the time a guy came in saying he had just been assaulted – apparently by the animatronic Jason Voorhees at the front door.
“Sometimes we find people wandering around at 1 a.m.,” Menaldi said.
Such is life at the castle house.
Contact the writer: gmellen@scng.com
If you have ever used the application cache you will probably be familiar with how easy it is to break offline functionality and how difficult it is to work out why things are broken. With a large offline web app finding the source of problems can be an almost insurmountable task.
I guess that what I am saying is that the application cache is a douchebag. I completely understand that if there is an error in your application's manifest you probably don't want your users to be confronted with a bunch of error messages but something needs to be done.
Because displaying a bunch of errors about a broken cache manifest is probably undesirable we have decided to create a developer tool that lets you know if you have a problem with your manifest. The main problem we have is that the Toolbox is already becoming crowded and we are just getting started.
Firefox developer tools toolbox
In order to avoid cluttering the Toolbox we have used the Firefox Command Line. The command line is a place where we can add as many tools as we like without cluttering the interface. To open the Developer Toolbar press shift + f2 or select Developer Toolbar from the web developer menu.
The appcache commands are available in Firefox Nightly
To list available appcache commands type “help appcache” in the developer toolbar.
Output from the help appcache command
The currently available appcache commands are:
appcache clear all appcache entries.
appcache list [searchterm] lists all appcache entries containing an optional search term
Output from the appcache list command
appcache viewentry shows the about:cache-entry page for the current cache entry.
Note: appcache viewentry will not give you any information until bug 861866 is fixed.
appcache validate [URI] is by far the most useful of the appcache commands. If a URI is specified then the cache manifest for that page will be validated. As many of you know, there are a lot of things that could invalidate a manifest but this command will uncover most of them.
Output of the appcache validate command
If you find any situations where an application cache is invalid and our tool does not pick up the problem then please let us know. In fact, if you have an idea for a new appcache command then please tell us.
Story highlights Last week, Melinda Herman shot an intruder in her Georgia home
She had learned to shoot only two weeks before
Her story has gained the attention of gun rights groups
This is not a movie. There's no dramatic music in the background. A happy ending, far from a guarantee.
The concern in Donnie Herman's voice was clear as day. So was his stress. With two telephones to his ear, he listened to his wife, Melinda, as she fled into an attic of their Loganville home. With her: Her two 9-year-old children and a loaded .38 revolver.
In the house: An intruder with a crowbar.
On another line was the 911 operator Donnie Herman had called for help. Herman's words to his wife, as he sat helplessly, an hour away from the home, were recorded.
"Stay in the attic," he instructed her, calmly.
"He's in the bedroom," she told him. He repeated the words to the 911 operator.
"Shh. Relax," Herman said, trying to calm his wife.
Then he instructed her to do what was fast becoming a realistic possibility.
"Melinda -- if he opens up the door, you shoot him! You understand?"
Melinda Herman fled to the attic with her two children when an intruder entered her Georgia home.
Walton County Sheriff Joe Chapman, whose office responded to the shooting, praised Melinda Herman's actions.
What happened next has made the Hermans the new faces of the right to bear arms.
Melinda Herman fired a six-shot revolver at the intruder, hitting him five times, in his torso and in his face. Surprisingly, he managed to flee.
Gun rights groups say this shows that law-abiding citizens should be allowed to buy their weapon of choice and as big a magazine or ammunition clip as they like.
They remind people that Melinda Herman had only a six-shot revolver.
"It's a good thing she wasn't facing more attackers. Otherwise she would have been in trouble and she would have run out of ammunition," said Erich Pratt, director of communications for the Gun Owners of America.
"She shot him five times and he still didn't drop. This is going to endanger people's safety."
The right of self-protection has been thrust into the forefront in a national debate after last month's Newtown, Connecticut, tragedy
This week, a federal task force led by Vice President Joe Biden is holding talks with private industry groups, the NRA, and legislators -- all to determine the correct balance between the right to self-protection and preventing further mass shootings.
Meanwhile, Americans are flocking to gun shops to buy guns and ammunition in record numbers -- partly due to Newtown and partly due to their fears that the rules are about to change on what they can legally own.
The FBI said it conducted almost 2.8 million checks for gun purchases in December, a record high for a month.
Donnie and Melinda Herman own two guns for protection at home, but until two weeks ago, she had never fired a gun. Her husband told sheriff's department investigator's that he took her shooting so that she'd be familiar with the family's guns if she ever had to use one.
Now, clutching the .38 revolver, Melinda Herman was in the middle of a heart-pounding crisis inside her own home.
She had already locked multiple doors before she and her children took refuge in an adjacent-room attic -- the kind with a small door that you have to bend down to go through.
The intruder had used the crowbar to break through the front door and then two other doors upstairs, and she could hear him coming closer and closer.
On the phone, Donnie Herman calmly instructed his wife about the use of the weapon she had practiced on.
"Remember everything I showed you. Everything I taught you," he told her, and he reassured her that help was on the way.
Then it happened.
"She shot him. She's shooting him. She's shooting him. She's shooting him. She's shooting him. ... Shoot him again! Shoot him!" Donnie Herman said as the 911 dispatcher listened.
He then lost phone contact with his wife and children. His anguish and the pain of not knowing what had happened may be etched in his mind for eternity. But they were safe.
He learned later that his wife fired all six shots, and hit the intruder with all but one bullet.
JUST WATCHED Biden reveals mutual gun policy findings Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Biden reveals mutual gun policy findings 02:01
JUST WATCHED Emotional gov. rejects guns in schools Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Emotional gov. rejects guns in schools 03:37
JUST WATCHED Piers, Larry Pratt debate gun control Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Piers, Larry Pratt debate gun control 03:27
JUST WATCHED Not afraid of the NRA Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Not afraid of the NRA 00:59
Not realizing she was out of ammunition, she ordered the man to stay on the floor as he bled. She then fled the house with her children.
Walton County Sheriff Joe Chapman -- whose office responded to the shooting at the Hermans' home -- said he believes the mother and her two children were in a life-and-death situation and she had no choice but to exercise her constitutional right to self-defense.
"Had it not turned out the way that it did, I would possibly be working a triple homicide, not having a clue as to who it is we're looking for," he told CNN.
Despite being shot five times, the suspect, identified as Paul Ali Slater, still managed to get back into his SUV, but he drove off the road and crashed a short distance away.
He remains hospitalized. Due to privacy laws, the hospital cannot divulge any information on his condition.
But the controversy continues. Home gun ownership and self-defense will always be controversial.
The Hermans' story of self-defense is being used by the National Rifle Association and the Gun Owners of America to make their point to the White House and Congress about gun ownership.
But Donnie Herman has told people he's not interested in being a poster boy for anyone. He has not yet responded to CNN's request for an interview with him and his wife.
"My wife is a hero. She protected her kids. She did what she was supposed to do as a responsible parent and gun owner," Herman told CNN affiliate WSB
Yet it's unclear whether the benefits of having a loaded and readily available gun in one's home outweigh the drawbacks.
"It's more common for an armed homeowner in the United States to be a victim of suicide, homicide, assault or an accidental shooting than it is for that person to shoot an intruder," according to Dr. Arthur Kellermann, a senior health policy analyst at Rand Corporation, a non-partisan think tank.
Kellermann led research for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the 1990s which found that people who have guns in their homes are nearly three times more likely to be a victim of homicide and nearly five times more likely to commit suicide.
Experts also say that simply having a gun for self-protection does not guarantee safety. They say the fear is that many people will take part in what might be considered a feeding frenzy by purchasing a gun, but not learn how to properly use it.
Sheriff Chapman holds courses for homeowners who want to learn how to safely and properly use a weapon.
"Be proficient with it. Be taught how to use it. Train with it," he said.
"I often tell people, 'If you don't think that you have what it takes to take a human life then don't bother buying one. Don't waste your money. Don't waste your time," he told CNN.
"Don't put it in a drawer and think that's the answer to everything, because it isn't."
The definitions of the terms “liberal” and “conservative” have been the subjects of much debate in contemporary American politics. But it has become increasingly clear that the term “progressive” is equally ambiguous, and is associated with at least two relatively distinct philosophical traditions. Although these two “progressivisms” share common ground on many (probably most) issues, they are at loggerheads on some others, as has perhaps become more apparent since the election of President Obama.
The first type of progressivism has its philosophical underpinnings in 18th Century, Enlightement-era thought. It believes that politics is a battle of ideas. It further believes that through the use of reason and the exchange of ideas, human society will tend to improve itself through scientific and technological innovation. Hence, it believes in progress, and for this reason lays claim to the term “progressive”. Because of its belief and optimism in the faculties of human reason, I refer to this philosophy as rational progressivism.
Rational progressivism tends to be trusting, within reason, of status quo political and economic institutions — generally including the institution of capitalism. It tends to trust these institutions because it believes they are a manifestation of progress made by previous generations. However, unlike conservatism, it also sees these institutions as continuing works in progress, subject to inefficiencies because of distorted or poorly-designed incentives, poorly-informed or misinformed participants, and competition from ‘irrational' worldviews like religion. It also recognizes that certain persons who stand to benefit from preserving the status quo, particularly elected officials but also corporations, may seek to block this progress to protect their own interests. The project of rational progressivism, then, is to propagate good ideas and to convert them, through a wide and aggressive array of democratic means, into public policy.
The second type of progressivism is what I call radical progressivism. It represents, indeed, a much more radical and comprehensive critique of the status quo, which it tends to see as intrinsically corrupt. Its philosophical tradition originates in 19th Century thought — and specifically, owes a great deal to the Marxist critique of capitalism and the Marxist theory of social change. It also finds inspiration in both the radical movement of the 1960s and the labor and social movements of late 19th and early 20th centuries (from which it borrows the label “progressive”).
Radical progressivism is more clearly distinguishable from “conventional” liberalism and would generally be associated with the “far left” — although on a handful of issues such as free trade, it may find common cause with the “radical” right. Radical progressivism embraces the tradition of populism and frequently adopts a discourse of the virtuous commoner organizing against the corrupt elite. It is much more willing to make normative claims than rational progressivism, and tends to view conservatism as immoral and contemporary American liberalism as amoral (at best). Its project is not reform but transformation.
Rational progressives sometimes regard radical progressives as impractical, self-righteous, shrill, demagogic, naïve and/or anti-intellectual. Radical progressives, in turn, regard rational progressives as impure, corrupt (or corruptible), selfish, complacent, elitist, and too quick to compromise.
It should come as no surprise that I regard myself as a rational progressive. I believe in intellectual progress — that we, as a species, are gradually becoming smarter. I believe that there are objectively right answers to many political and economic questions.
I believe that economic growth is both a reflection of and a contributor toward societal progress, that economic growth has facilitated a higher standard of living, and that this is empirically indisputable. I also believe, however, that our society is now so exceptionally wealthy — even in the midst of a severe recession — that it has little excuse not to provide for some basic level of dignity for all its citizens.
I believe that answers to questions like these do not always come from the establishment. But I also believe that it is just as important to question one's own assumptions as to question the assumption of others.
The truth is, I don't particularly care whether you call me a “progressive” or not. In fact, I'm suspicious of people who line up on the same side of the ideological divide on every single issue. The world is more complicated than that, especially when one strives to see the world through a scientific, empirical lens. While progressives, in my view, clearly have the preponderance of good ideas, they do not have a monopoly on them. Nor do conservatives have a monopoly on bad ideas, especially when radical progressives flirt with Marxist modes of discourse.
Let me be very clear about what I am saying. I believe that our country needs a lot of work — a lot of work — almost certainly more work than Barack Obama is going to be able to accomplish in four or eight years. I believe that greater awareness and greater participation on behalf of everyday citizens is almost certainly a necessary condition to facilitate that work. To the extent that blogs, political campaigns, church groups, labor unions, and whatever other organization you can think of can coalesce that participation and turn it into a “movement”, I am all for the “movement”.
But if someone wants to marshal an army to fight a battle of wills while playing fast and loose with the truth and using some of the same demagogic precepts that the right wing does, I am not particularly interested in that. In fact, I think it is acutely dangerous.
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is delaying an announcement about how he plans to handle his business once he takes office, according to a Trump transition spokesperson.
ADVERTISEMENT
In November, Trump announced that he would hold a news conference on Dec. 15 to divulge plans to leave his businesses to focus on the presidency.
But has asked for more time because he has been occupied with filling out his Cabinet.
Bloomberg was first to report the news.
A new date hasn't been picked yet, but the announcement will come before Trump's inauguration on Jan. 20, according to Bloomberg.
Trump said in November that he would leave his global empire so as not to have a "conflict of interest with my various businesses."
The president-elect said legal documents are "being crafted" to take him out of business operations.
"The presidency is a far more important task," he tweeted.
However, The New York Times reported last week that Trump plans to keep a stake in his business while handing his two adults sons the operational responsibilities of the company.
Trump faced criticism recently over potential conflict of interests that could occur regarding his involvement in the Trump Organization while serving in the White House.
Last month, the president-elect said in an interview with the Times that the law is on his side.
"The president can't have a conflict of interest," he said during the interview.
The time has come to End Human Resources.
I am not talking about abolishing policies to avoid litigation or processes for implementing benefits, pay, and employee downtime. I am calling for the end of HR in the sense that we can no longer view people as company "resources" to be catalogued, attributed a value, and leveraged as replaceable cogs in the company machine.
The July/August 2015 edition of the Harvard Business Review published 3 articles that suggest blowing up HR and replacing it with something else. (I just wanted to end it, but apparently these experts want to obliterate it.)
Below is an analysis of all 3 articles in the context of improving communication and feedback within a company, and putting people-management back in the hands of people managers. Managers who own these relationships can create spaces where employees bring their whole selves to work every day to be more innovative, productive, and engaged.
Why We Love to Hate HR ... And What HR Can Do About It by Peter Cappelli.
Remember that show The Office? Michael Scott, played by Steve Carrell, is the manager of Dunder Mifflin and his arch-enemy is Toby, the meek and oft-maligned HR guy. This is how many managers feel about HR professionals. They are seen as paper-pushers who have little to offer strategically in the realm of performance management.
According to Cappelli, the popularity of HR ebbs and flows with the economic tide. During the Great Depression when jobs were in extremely high demand, workers were threatened and even abused verbally and physically. Human Resources is seen as an inconvenience whenever the economy and the job market are experiencing downturn. But when talent is in short-supply (like software engineering jobs in Silicon Valley over the last few years), HR is seen as a valuable and strategic partner.
Cappelli discusses his experience participating on a panel with other HR leaders where someone posed the question, "Is HR doing more harm than good by prompting line managers to take their responsibilities as supervisors more seriously?"
The consensus was that problems with performance will continue until executives prioritize talent issues for managers. "Supervisors need the training, the time, and the incentives to have serious conversations with subordinates about performance and growth", says Cappelli.
One of the trends that we are seeing in the last couple of years is that companies are shifting away from traditional performance reviews, getting rid of them altogether or only using them as part of an overall performance management strategy. In an HBR issue published earlier this year, Deloitte announced that they would reinvent performance reviews based on findings that "the best team leaders revealed that they conduct regular check-ins with each team member about near-term work." This is the practice that Cappelli suggests above, "serious conversations" needing to take place regularly.
This article presents the case studies of PwC and Juniper Networks who have also abandoned traditional performance appraisals, what Cappelli refers to as "perhaps the most reviled standard practice in all management". These successful organizations have moved towards a model of ongoing conversation designed to improve skills and results, instead of relying on yearly check-ins that managers and employees hate for a multitude of reasons.
But business leaders don't always make the connection between treating people like people and experiencing improved business outcomes. Cappelli offers the example of Sears Roebuck's shift over 20 years ago. They discovered that improved morale led to a better customer experience, and in turn, to higher store profits.
As managers continue with outdated practices like once-a-year performance reviews, they are extending the timeline for improving their companies. They could be building a better infrastructure of performance management instead of patching up deteriorating staples of corporate procedure.
Employee engagement and productivity are unsustainably low, and businesses in every industry are seeking ways to retain their best talent. In this modern business environment, managers must focus more on "people and culture" and stop treating employees like resources. This more sustainable system of people management will be immune to the economic fluctuations at the heart of Cappelli's argument.
People Before Strategy: A New Role for the CHRO by Ram Charan, Dominic Barton, and Dennis Carey
The authors of this article posit that it's time for companies to create a core group of leaders comprised of CEO, CFO, and CHRO. For starters, they claim that this will improve communication between executives. According to the authors, "Motorola might have been able to anticipate the iPhone if the company's CHRO had alerted the CEO when Apple began trying to recruit Motorola's technical people".
Secondly, adding the CHRO into the mix is designed to make people-management a top priority. Research by McKinsey, Deloitte and other such groups see "human capital" as a top challenge. Yet HR is currently ranked fairly low in terms of importance. (As an aside, I object to this categorization of people, as they are so much more than capital.)
The authors state that "most problems are people problems" and call on HR to examine the cause of misses in an organization. There are technological solutions to these people problems. Employee feedback and culture management software allows managers to be aware of the problems and to quickly address them.
Another positive impact of weekly check-ins is the discovery of what the authors call energy creators:
[They] may not directly be charged with producing results, but they get to the heart of issues, reframe ideas, create informal bonds that encourage collaboration, and make the org healthier and more productive.
Leaders like these energy creators exists at all levels of an organization regardless of title. Regular feedback allows managers to discover and nurture these hidden proclivities in their talent, utilizing existing employee traits to enhance company culture.
Human Resource managers (or managers and executives who own relationships with their employees) have to look at their company ecosystem and see how people work together:
Behaviors such as withholding information, failing to express disagreement but refusing to take action, and undermining peers often go unnoticed... CHROs who bring dysfunctional relationships to the surface are worth their weight in gold.
I have found that organizations do not need HR departments to act as relationship cops. This is abdicating responsibility. Instead, leadership can train managers to raise their emotional intelligence. Start with books like Emotional Intelligence 2.0 or for an entry-level introduction watch the latest Pixar movie, Inside Out. Provide managers with the resources to foster their own healthy relationships with employees and solve their own disagreements.
This article also revived the discussion of increasing the frequency of performance reviews suggesting that Human Resources leads could work with different departments to conduct monthly reviews:
Reducing the time lag between actions and feedback increases motivation and improves operations.
The authors discuss how people-management impacts desired business outcomes like increased innovation and revenue, recognizing that in the modern workplace, "people are the ultimate source of sustainable competitive differentiation". They argue for the creation of new career paths for HR leaders to become more business savvy and for managers and executives to become more people savvy.
There is clearly a deficit in people management and it does not by any means have to be localized around HR. Managers must learn how to ask better questions and respond more effectively to the answers they receive. The ominous message in this article is that leaders who lack skills in people management are "unlikely to succeed for long in high-level jobs".
Bright Shiny Objects and the Future of HR: How Juniper Networks Tests and Integrates the Most Valuable New Approaches by John Boudreau and Steven Rice.
As its title implies, this article deals with ideas for HR innovation. The authors recommend loving your problems, not the solutions. The kernel of truth here is that you can't embrace the newest fads based on popular talks and articles, you have to (1) get the big picture (2) seize the fundamental insights, (3) apply them wisely, and (4) ensure the impact is useful.
You guessed it, Rice and Boudreau also take a swing at performance reviews, especially stack ranking. This practice involves grading employees along a bell-curve and often terminating the lowest percentile rank. The article introduces research by David Rock to explain why this process is detrimental:
When people realize that they are being compared with others, a 'threat response' in their brain sends cortisol levels skyrocketing and makes it hard for them to take in other information.
Many successful companies have designed a culture of trust. People are encouraged to work together, collaborate and take risks. Forced rankings create a competitive environment that stifles these behaviors. Juniper replaced their annual reviews with regular "conversation days" so that managers can aid performance, align employees around goals and help people achieve their career aspirations.
Technology has created an environment where innovation is now a major differentiating factor for businesses. Basic tasks can be streamlined via software or delegated completely, leaving space for people to contribute primarily via innovation. In the world of software, companies are either innovating and leading or falling behind.
The regular cadence of communication that is replacing the annual review process, has tremendous value. Innovation surfaces through question-asking, through stimulating thought processes or inviting people to contribute. Over time, this process creates a management environment where innovation can flourish. According to the authors, creating this environment is not a shiny thing. It is a well thought-out sustainable practice.
Innovation flows through the creation of trusting environments, where people don't feel that they will be fired for poor performance. Rather, they will know that issues will be surfaced via communication and that they will be given support and training around challenges. In these supportive workplaces, people contribute their best ideas because they are naturally having more of them.
Asking questions every week or every month is indeed a powerful process. Juniper's HR team started this process by asking every senior leader at the company four questions:
What are the key external environmental challenges currently facing Jupiter?
How are they affecting you and your team specifically?
What excites you most about Juniper's business strategy and its execution?
What concerns you most?
This seems highly intuitive. Why wouldn't leaders ask questions of each other and their teams? Seems like the best way to improve performance at the individual, team, and company levels. The authors of this article argue that people are afraid to open Pandora's Box with questions they don't know how to answer, and are worried to raise issues that they are not equipped or prepared to resolve.
Uncomfortable truths at Juniper surfaced about complexity, silos, top-heaviness, and conflict avoidance. But Juniper's leadership was equipped to resolve the issues. They broke down P&Ls, ripped out business units, and eventually simplified to a system where now only six people can make any decision across the entire company.
Here is another way that questions helped indicate the pulse of the company and triggered leadership to affect rapid change. In 2014 Juniper sent out a short employee survey:
Do you know our strategy?
Do you understand your role in executing that strategy?
Do you feel inspired and accountable to help the company achieve it?
Over half of the respondents answered in the negative. Executives realized that an alignment tour was necessary and they hit the road to share strategy with teams worldwide for the next four months. After group conversations, "yes" responses to all three indicators rose to above 80%.
I lead a relatively small team (less than twenty people), and have implemented automated weekly feedback to uncover challenges, support employees, and create a culture where people feel safe and supported. It was interesting to read these articles and learn that these practices are just as valuable at massive scale.
In the end Juniper was saved because they asked the right questions at the right frequency. Companies cannot end their efforts there, but effective discovery is the first step. I believe that this process is the responsibility of every people manager. We don't necessarily need to blow up HR, but we need to blow up any business system or institution that no longer works and replace it with something that does. The alternatives are just too costly.
Poster details 1-5
6-7
In August 2011 I was lucky enough to visit the island of Cuba for a ten day trip, which was a fantastic experience. It really does feel like a country stuck in a time warp, circa 1965, particularly once you leave the capital and head into the countryside. It's a stunningly beautiful island with very hospitable people but the relative poverty of the country is clear to see. It's often said that the government is likely to relax the current freeze on foreign (particularly Western) investment once ‘Comandante' Fidel Castro passes away, although with his brother Raul currently in charge very little has changed. This article on the BBC gives you an insight into the current situation.
The Cuban people's love for film and cinema-going is legendary and our guidebook claimed that at the end of the 1950s there were over 300 cinemas in the capital Havana alone. Today, these great old buildings continue to thrive and whilst there I witnessed the queues of people lining up to see the latest releases. I took this picture of the Yara cinema in the Vedado area of Havana.
Whilst in Havana I visited a bookshop that was selling original Cuban propaganda posters printed in the 1950s and 60s by OSPAAAL. They also had a handful of screen-printed film posters, all of which were reprints of the original Cuban cinema posters or re-imagined designs by local artists. They are officially screen printed by the ICAIC (Instituto Cubano de Artes Industrias Cinematografia) in Havana.
This poster for Stanley Kubrick's classic Clockwork Orange was designed by the Cuban artist Nelson Ponce (full name Nelson Ponce Sanchez) who was born in 1976 and is a graphic designer and illustrator who also teaches at the ISDI (Instituto Superior de Diseño Industrial) in Havana. His re-imagined poster for the Cuban film Vampiros en la Habana, which was released in 1999, won him acclaim from both the design community and the Cuban public.
The Havana Cultura website has a great interview with the designer.
Whilst at the shop I also picked up a couple of other film posters and a handful of original propaganda posters which I plan to post on the site in the coming months.
hidden
Microsoft Corp said on Thursday it had received at least a thousand surveillance requests from the US government that sought user content for foreign intelligence purposes during the first half of 2016.
The amount, shared in Microsoft's biannual transparency report, was more than double what the company said it received under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) during the preceding six-month interval, and was the highest the company has listed since 2011, when it began tracking such government surveillance orders.
The scope of spying authority granted to US intelligence agencies under FISA has come under renewed scrutiny in recent weeks, sparked in part by evolving, unsubstantiated assertions from President Donald Trump and other Republicans that the Obama White House improperly spied on Trump and his associates.
Microsoft said it received between 1,000 and 1,499 FISA orders for user content between January and June of 2016, compared to between 0 and 499 during both January-June 2015 and the second half of 2015.
The number of user accounts impacted by FISA orders fell during the same period, however, from between 17,500 and 17,999 to between 12,000 and 12,499, according to the report.
The US government only allows companies to report the volume of FISA requests in wide bands rather than specific numbers.
FISA orders, which are approved by judges who sit on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, are tightly guarded national security secrets. Even the existence of a specific FISA order is rarely disclosed publicly.
The Washington Post reported on Tuesday that the FBI obtained a FISA order to monitor the communications of former Trump advisor Carter Page as part of an investigation into possible links between Russia and Trump's presidential campaign.
Parts of FISA will expire at the end of the year, unless US lawmakers vote to reauthorise it. Privacy advocates in Congress have been working to attach new transparency and oversight reforms to any FISA legislation, and to limit government searches of American data that is incidentally collected during foreign surveillance operations.
Microsoft also for the first time published a national security letter, a type of warrantless surveillance order used by the FBI.
Other technology companies, including Twitter Inc and Yahoo Inc, have also disclosed national security letters in recent months under a transparency measure of the USA Freedom Act that was enacted into law by the US Congress in 2015.
Reuters
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Living in a state like California and New York as a gun owner really sucks. Leaders in those states are doing everything they can to take away their resident's Second Amendment rights, but it seems whenever a new idiotic law is passed the market finds a way to create new accessories that allows shooters to still enjoy their rifles. Those in free states would scoff at parts like the Patriot Pin or a side feed stripper clip loader for the AR-15, but I'm just glad companies are making compliant parts for the people behind enemy lines.
I recently stumbled upon a new accessory from Directactionsolutions.net called the Das-Mag. It's a patent pending California and New York compliant fixed mag that's side fed for AK variant rifles. The Das-Mag is locked into place via their own “LOK” mechanism, you can then load 10 rounds of ammo into the mag by pulling down on the charging handle on the right hand side, you open the loading door on the left hand side and drop in the ammo then release the side charging handle.
While this won't look operator-like and tactical it is a pretty ingenious design to help those in CA and NY still enjoy their AKs. Direct Action Solutions is currently taking pre-orders on their Das-Mag at $124.99, the first 1,000 customers will also get 50% off a reloader that they're also working on. Check them out at Directactionsolutions.net.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Italian police released an image of Lukasz Herba who has been arrested on kidnapping charges
A British model was drugged and kidnapped in Milan to be sold in an online auction, say Italian police.
The woman, 20, had arrived in the city to take part in a photo shoot arranged through her agent, but was abducted and held captive for six days.
Polish national Lukasz Herba, 30, who lives in the UK, has been arrested on kidnapping charges, police said.
The Foreign Office said it was providing consular support to a British woman.
The model, who has not been named, arrived in Milan on 10 July.
Image copyright Polizia di Stato Image caption The woman was loaded into a bag and put into the boot of a car
Image copyright Polizia di Stato Image caption The woman went to an apartment in Milan under the belief she was to take part in a photo shoot
She arrived at an apartment the following day for the shoot, where she was attacked by two men, said police.
Police said the woman was drugged, handcuffed and loaded into a bag and put into the boot of car which was driven to an isolated house in Borgial, northwest of Turin.
Italian prosecutor Paolo Storari said: "The victim was doped with ketamine - then she was locked in a bag and carried for hours in a car.
"Think what could, would have happened if she suffered from asthma."
The woman was kept handcuffed to a wooden chest of drawers in the bedroom for six days until she was released and taken to the British consulate in Milan, according to police.
Investigators said they discovered the kidnapper had organised several online auctions for the sale of abducted girls, which included a description and an opening price.
Image copyright Polizia di Stato Image caption The model was held captive in an isolated house in Borgial for six days
Image copyright Polizia di Stato Image caption The woman was handcuffed to a chest of drawers in a bedroom
Police said it was unclear whether he had really abducted the victims or invented them for the auction.
The kidnapper used an encrypted account to ask the model's agent for £230,000 ($300,000) to stop her from being sold in auction.
He claimed he was working on behalf of the "Black Death Group", an organisation which operates in the deep web for illegal traffics, police said.
The victim told police the kidnapper said he would free her because the group had not realised she had a small child and they did not deal with mothers, prosecutors added.
Investigations into the case are being carried out by authorities in Italy, Poland and the UK.
A spokeswoman for West Midlands Police said an address in Sampson Close, Oldbury, had been raided on 18 July in connection with the inquiry.
It is understood that the raid was led by Derbyshire Police, assisted by West Midlands officers.
The kidnapper was captured by police as he was accompanying the model to the British Consulate in Milan, according to the Daily Telegraph.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
Real life examples are always crucial in understanding as they can translate abstract theoretical concepts into things we can relate to from our experience. Anyone looking from above the whole Agile concept and its techniques or methodologies may seem lost. I know I felt lost when I have first begun to be educated in the agile mindset. And while zooming in and reading specific frameworks like Scrum and Kanban is very useful, it is most interesting to get real life examples for the whole time span.
The book I recently read, “Lean from the Trenches: Managing Large-Scale Projects with Kanban by Henrik Kniberg” does exactly that, offers a captivating real life example.
First things first the author is a popular keynote speaker at conferences worldwide, he has an excellent knowledge about Agile and he is super-good at his work. I have heard from fellow agileans that he is an excellent presenter and writer and he truly is. He takes the whole Kanban concept and implements it on a complex Public organization by demonstrating how agile principles are being used in a large scale project for the Swedish police. The important thing to note is not the mere fact they are using Scrum and Kanban, but the way they adapt them into their job context.
The book has two major parts. The actual case study and some additional info for the readers.
The first part is the most interesting, presenting the use of agile techniques and the way this process is still changing and being optimized. Reading the story provokes you to think how you could use it in your own work. Other than the technicalities of the actual Kanban board and process, the main thing that the reader should take in is the notion of “people mindset”. Without people mentality being receptive to change and trust the whole thing wouldn't work. From the upper manager to the developer and even the end-user.
Kniberg is such a good writer that while reading the book you get the feeling you belong to one of the teams in the case study. I learned stuff and really enjoyed reading this book. It is certainly a must-read.
George Psistakis I love technology and working with people. That is why I am trying to offer as much as I can at the local startup ecosystem and at the same time building Apirise. A platform to reduce time and effort required to integrate and maintain APIs. Simply, fast and efficiently!
I am co-organizer of the Agile Greece and API Athens meetups and I contribute at the Developer Economics Blog.
Discuss with me… I'd love to know your ideas and thoughts on this post.
Connect with me on Twitter or Google+
Advertisements
A Times/Herald-Tribune Investigation Insane.
Invisible.
In danger. Florida cut $100 million from its mental hospitals. Chaos quickly followed.
Florida's state-funded mental hospitals are supposed to be safe places to care for people who are a danger to themselves or others. But years of neglect and deep budget cuts transformed them into treacherous warehouses where violent patients roam the halls with no supervision and workers are left on their own to oversee dozens of people. Now, no one is safe inside.
Florida's Mental Hospitals Florida State Hospital 100 N Main St., Chattahoochee Beds: 959 Florida's oldest and largest mental hospital houses some of the state's most dangerous patients on a 620-acre campus. More than 700 beds go to people charged with a crime but who have been deemed incompetent. Another 240 beds are for people not charged but ruled a danger to themselves or others. Northeast Florida State Hospital 7487 State Road 121, Macclenny Beds: 613 The hospital opened in 1959 to relieve overcrowding at Florida State Hospital. It treats mentally ill adults who are suicidal and need long-term care, along with incompetent criminal defendants. Defendants are not segregated from other patients and often are free to move about the campus. North Florida Evaluation and Treatment Center 1200 NE 55th Blvd., Gainesville Beds: 193 This maximum security mental hospital opened in 1976 and was originally designed for sex offenders. It now caters to mentally ill men who have been charged with a crime and deemed incompetent. Treasure Coast Forensic Treatment Center 96 SW Allapatah Road, Indiantown Managed by Correct Care Recovery Solutions LLC Beds: 208 Opened in April 2007, it is one of the state's most modern maximum security hospitals. It caters exclusively to mentally ill men charged with a crime. In 2014, it was bought by Correct Care Recovery Solutions, a private prison management company based in Nashville, Tenn. Patients are housed in single rooms and have less freedom of movement than in older, state-run facilities. South Florida State Hospital 800 E Cypress Drive, Pembroke Pines Managed by Correct Care Recovery Solutions LLC Beds: 341 The hospital opened in 1957 on the grounds of a World War II military base. It was investigated by the U.S. Department of Justice in the 1970s for allegations of patient abuse and sexual misconduct. In 1998, the Florida Legislature turned management over to a private company. South Florida Evaluation and Treatment Center 18680 SW 376th St., Florida City Managed by Correct Care Recovery Solutions LLC Beds: 238 Opened in 1986, the hospital serves mentally ill men and women charged with crimes. Originally a state-run facility, it is now operated privately, under contract with the state.
Like many social mammals, ravens form different types of social relationships - they may be friends, kin, or partners and they also form strict dominance relations. From a cognitive perspective, understanding one's own relationships to others is a key ability in daily social life ("knowing who is nice or not"). Yet, understanding also the relationships group members have with each other sets the stage for "political" maneuvers ("knowing who might support whom"). The results of this study have been published in the scientific journal Nature Communications.
A team of researchers led by Thomas Bugnyar of the Department of Cognitive Biology at the University of Vienna, set out to test third-party knowledge in captive groups of ravens. Using a playback design, they let individuals hear a dominance interaction between two other ravens. These interactions were either in accordance with the existing dominance hierarchy in that group or they reflected a possible rank reversal, whereby a low-ranking individual was showing off to a higher-ranking bird. In the latter case, the ravens reacted strongly with information seeking and stress-related behaviors, such as head turns and body shakes, suggesting that their expectations about how the dominance relations among others should look like were violated. Similar to primates, ravens thus keep track of the rank relations of their group members.
Importantly, the researchers found that the ravens not only responded to simulated rank reversals in their own group but also to those in the neighboring group. These findings suggest that ravens can deduce others' rank relations just by watching them. Moreover, it is the first time that animals are shown to be capable of tracking rank relations among individuals that do not belong to their own social group.
Lead-author Jorg Massen underlines the importance of this latter finding by referring to an example from the popular television series "The Sopranos": "When Tony Blundetto made fun about Tony Soprano, as spectators of the show, we immediately recognized that this was inappropriate with regard to the dominance order within the Soprano family. As we are not part of the Soprano family, we make this inference not by comparing our own rank relation with the two Tony's with each other, but instead we have a mental representation of the rank relation of the two that gets violated in the turn of these events", and: "As the birds in our experiment never had any physical contact with their neighboring group and could only see and hear them, these results suggest that ravens also have mental representations about others", ends Massen.
###
Publication in Nature Communications:
A local NGO is calling for public donations to help build water wells providing clean water to Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh.
Majlis Kesejahteraan Masyarakat (known by the acronym ‘MKM' or by its English name, the Council on Social Welfare) has so far built more than 30 wells in the Balokhali refugee camp in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh.
“We have been hearing about the heart-wrenching problems faced by the Rohingyas in Myanmar on social media for a while now,” said MKM President Datin Paduka Hjh Intan Hj Mohd Kassim. “When the Rohingyas started fleeing and refugees camps were set up for them, many people who know us asked if we can be a conduit to assist the refugees.”
The U.N. human rights office said 500,000 Rohingya have fled Myanmar's northern Rakhine state since August 25, putting immense strain on the camps, where there are growing fears of a disease epidemic due to the lack of sanitation.
The Bangladehsi government has announced it will build one of the world's biggest refugee camps to house the 800,000-plus Rohingya Muslims who have sought asylum from ethnic violence in Myanmar.
Datin Hjh Intan said that for the past two years, through a partnership with a Bangladeshi businessman, MKM has been involved in building tube-wells for the poor in Bangladesh. Installing wells in the refugee camps was a natural extension of the project, she added.
The NGO plans to build around 100 tube-wells in the Balokhali camp west of the border with Myanmar. The price of each tube-well depends on its depth, with the smallest one costing around $400.
“Through our associate, we realised that the Rohingya refugees are in dire need of water, food and sanitation … Giving them bottled water will quench their thirst temporarily but building tube-wells will be a more permanent solution to provide clean water to them,” Datin Intan said.
A former chair of the ASEAN Commission on Women and Children, she recently retired from the human rights body and said she now has more time to dedicate to the plight of the Rohingya.
“The humanitarian crisis faced by the Rohingya is immense. What we can do will be so little, but to do nothing is not an option.”
Liking and sharing what is uploaded onto FB does serve to create awareness of the problem. However our FB ‘likes' will not fill the hunger of a single Rohingya refugee.
MKM will also be sponsoring food packs for refugees containing 10 kilos of rice; one litre of oil; two kilos of potatoes; one kilo of onions; one kilo of salt; and 100 grammes of chilli — which will last a family of four one week.
So far, the NGO has been able to raise funds for about 40 wells. In November, Datin Intan and her husband, Yusof Halim, will be travelling to Bangladesh at their own expense to purchase and distribute provisions in the refugee camps.
“We will be leaving Brunei on November 13 — all expenses for this trip is borne solely by us and all donations will be used for their intended purpose … After years of contributing the needy in Brunei, it has always been our vision to extend our activities to others in less fortune countries,” she said, explaining that MKM has implemented charity efforts in Cambodia, Malaysia and Indonesia.
“MKM relies solely on donations … Over the years, the people of Brunei have not disappointed us and have supported us in our many charitable works,” the MKM president added.
MKM is one of several Brunei NGOs working to provide humanitarian relief to Rohingya refugees. Last week, The Scoop reported on Hand2Handbn's recent's aid work in Cox's Bazar refugee camps.
Brunei's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade has also expressed its willingness to work with the Myanmar government to find ways Brunei can provide humanitarian assistance.
A statement issued on September 14 read: “Brunei Darussalam is prepared to offer financial assistance to alleviate the situation of those affected.”
Myanmar's defacto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, last Thursday announced plans to set up a civilian-led agency, with foreign assistance, to deliver aid and help resettle Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state.
In a speech the Nobel laureate said: “There have been a lot of criticisms against our country. We need to understand international opinion. However, just as no one can fully understand the situation of our country the way we do, no one can desire peace and development for our country more than us.”
How you can help MKM invite those interested to be part of this effort to assist the Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh. Donations can be made to the following account: Bank: BIBD
Name: Majlis Kesejahteraan Masyarakat
Account No : 0001 5010 016 780 Please specify what you are donating for by stating your deposit as: “Rohingya Tubewell” – If you want to be part of the tube-well effort “Rohingya Provisions” – If you want to be part of providing food to the Rohingya refugees “MKM” – If you want to donate to MKM for our many charitable projects in Brunei Please message any of the numbers below with the details of your deposit for MKM to issue you an official receipt: Datin Intan Kassim 8721403 Zubaidah Dato Abu Zar 8983155 Hamidah Lakem 8770312 Zaiton Abu Salim 8738667 Hjh Salbiah Yassin 8845458 Mohd Yusof Halim 8754288
Advertisement
BIRMINGHAM Ala. (Reuters) - An Alabama man who sued over being hit and kicked by police after leading them on a high-speed chase will get $1,000 in a settlement with the city of Birmingham, while his attorneys will take in $459,000, officials said Wednesday.
The incident gained public attention with the release of a 2008 video of police officers punching and kicking Anthony Warren as he lay on the ground after leading them on a roughly 20-minute high-speed chase.
Warren is serving a 20-year sentence for attempted murder stemming from his running over a police officer during the chase, in which he also hit a school bus and a patrol car before crashing and being ejected from his vehicle.
Under the terms of the settlement of Warren's 2009 federal suit, in which he accused five Birmingham police officers of excessive force, his attorneys will receive $100,000 for expenses and $359,000 in fees, said Michael Choy, an attorney representing the officers on behalf of the city.
The agreement was reached last month and approved on Tuesday by the Birmingham City Council.
The city settled to avoid further litigation and the risk of a higher payout, Choy said.
Warren's attorneys, Wendy Brooks Crew, Alyson Hood Rains and Cameron Hogan, did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
The US House of Representatives has passed the Women's Health and Public Safety Act to give states the authority to defund Planned Parenthood.
Speaking from the House floor in support of the measure, which was sponsored by Representative Sean Duffy, a Republican from Wisconsin, Representative Chris Smith of New Jersey, cited the Pope's September 24 address to a joint meeting of Congress.
“Pope Francis admonished a joint session of Congress to follow the Golden Rule – to ‘do unto others as you would have them do unto you' – and said that the Golden Rule compels us to ‘protect and defend human life at every stage of development,'” Smith said.
State and federal funding of Planned Parenthood has come under scrutiny after a series of videos, filmed undercover, were released by the Center for Medical Progress, based in Irvine, California.
The videos show physicians and others associated with Planned Parenthood describing the harvesting of fetal tissue and body parts during abortions at their clinics. Also discussed are what researchers are charged for the tissue and parts.
Top Planned Parenthood officials dispute what the videos show, saying they have been edited to manipulate the interviews and any mention of money for tissue and body parts is related to customary handling fees charged the researchers. The center stands by its videos.
“States should have the freedom to choose who they subsidize and why,” Smith said in his remarks before the House passed the bill . A companion bill awaits action in the Senate.
“Although much of the media continues to ignore this scandal, Planned Parenthood's meticulously crafted facade of care and compassion has been shattered,” he said. “Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood's top leadership – not interns or lower level employees – show callous disregard for children's lives.”
In mid-September, the House passed Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 which would prohibit for a one-year period federal funding “for any purpose to Planned Parenthood Federation of America Inc., or any of its affiliates or clinics, unless they certify that the affiliates and clinics will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion during such period.”
The measure says the restriction will not apply in cases of rape or incest or to save the life of the mother.
Washington's “democratic” hypocrisy: The cases of Egypt and Iran
By Bill Van Auken
20 June 2012
The hypocrisy of US imperialism's pretense of promoting democracy on the world arena is manifest in Washington's markedly different reactions to the Iranian elections of 2009 and the recent military coup carried out in the midst of the elections in Egypt.
In response to Iran's elections, almost precisely three years ago, the US government and the media mounted a ferocious propaganda campaign aimed at portraying the vote as fraudulent, with its results rigged to keep the incumbent president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, in power.
That there was not a shred of credible evidence to support charges of massive electoral fraud was never an issue for the US propaganda machine once it was set in motion. The claims by the defeated opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi and the so-called Green Movement that supported him were merely repeated as fact.
Polls and ballot counts in the Iranian elections both showed Ahmadinejad winning over 60 percent of the vote, gaining his strongest support from among the working class and rural poor, who feared that living standards, already battered by high unemployment and punishing inflation, would only worsen under Mousavi, whose election promises centered on making major cuts to social spending.
The Obama administration and the major media openly supported the Green Movement demonstrations that followed the election. Drawn largely from better-off layers who hoped to benefit from a further turn toward free market policies and greater accommodation with Washington, and noteworthy for the lack of participation by the working class, these protests were portrayed as a freedom movement expressing the will of the Iranian people.
US government agencies provided covert support and funding for the demonstrations. As Secretary of State Hillary Clinton commented in an interview that followed them, “Behind the scenes, we were doing a lot … to empower the protesters.”
The aim three years ago was not to win democracy for the Iranian people, but rather to provoke and manipulate a political crisis in Iran with the aim of regime-change, i.e., bringing to power a government willing to make Iran a US client state and play a role similar to that played by the hated dictatorship of the Shah until his overthrow in 1979.
The pretense of impassioned concern for Iranian “democracy” in 2009 stands in stark contrast to the muted reaction to the unfolding of a coup by the Egyptian military in the midst of the presidential election completed on Sunday. The issue in Egypt is not merely allegations of vote fraud, but the consolidation of dictatorial power in the hands of the US-backed military junta, the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF), to the extent that any president would be merely a powerless puppet of the Egyptian generals.
The actions of the generals render the results of the presidential election meaningless, while annulling the results of the earlier parliamentary elections. The parliament and the constituent assembly have been disbanded and their premises occupied by army troops.
In addition, the military has decreed its own power to arrest and repress civilians for any acts challenging the regime or threatening “order” and “property.” The target of these measures is clearly the Egyptian working class, whose mass strikes and demonstrations were the motor force of the Egyptian revolution that toppled the 30-year dictator Hosni Mubarak in February 2011.
The US reaction has come from the Pentagon and the State Department, with President Obama maintaining a discreet silence on the events in Egypt. The first public response from Washington came from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton following the disbanding of the Egyptian parliament and constituent assembly.
Carefully avoiding a condemnation of the military coup or demanding its reversal, Clinton told reporters, “There can be no going back on the democratic transition called for by the Egyptian people.”
What the events have exposed, however, is that the “democratic transition” was always a fraud, engineered by the military and its backers in Washington. It represented an extension of US policy in January and February of 2011, when Obama and Clinton first supported Mubarak against the masses in the streets and then—only when the dictator's grip on power became untenable—sought to orchestrate a transfer of power to the regime's chief of intelligence, Omar Suleiman. Behind the facade of elections, Washington's aim has always been to maintain the power of the military high command, which is seen as the principal guarantor of the interests of US imperialism and both foreign and Egyptian capital.
“Now, ultimately, it is up to the Egyptian people to determine their own future and we expect this weekend's presidential election will be held in an atmosphere that is conducive to it being peaceful, fair and free,” Clinton added.
Who did she think she was kidding? The actions of the SCAF junta guaranteed that the election was held at gunpoint, with masses of Egyptian workers and young people boycotting the polls and rejecting the choice between Mubarak's former prime minister and a right-wing Islamist.
Clinton's public remarks were followed by a private conversation Friday between US Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and SCAF's chief, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi. The Pentagon said Panetta phoned to “discuss current events in Egypt” and urged Tantawi to “move forward expeditiously with Egypt's political transition, including conducting new legislative elections as soon as possible.” Both men “agreed on the importance of the US-Egyptian strategic relation,” the Pentagon said.
Such a conversation amounts to a US endorsement of the generals' actions, while preserving a public pretense of support for “democracy.” Neither Panetta nor the State Department demanded that Tantawi and his fellow military thugs rescind the actions carried out over the past several days, or pull their troops out of the parliament and allow its elected members back in. Rather, they expressed the hope that the military could stage-manage a new and improved parliamentary election at its convenience.
The real attitude of the Obama administration was made clear last March, when Clinton restored $1.3 billion in annual aid to the Egyptian military, waiving congressional requirements tying the funding to progress in transferring power to a civilian government and upholding democratic rights. At the time, the Obama administration publicly cited the same “strategic relation” invoked by Panetta, while privately administration officials argued that US arms manufacturers couldn't afford losing contracts tied to the aid.
Washington's position was reiterated in a June 18 briefing by State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland. She answered queries as to whether the US was demanding that the junta rescind its dictatorial measures and whether US military aid was in question with the identical phrase: “We're not going to get prescriptive here.” She concluded by expressing US hopes that that Egypt's military dictators would prove “good stewards” of the “democratic transition.”
Taken together, the public responses from Washington point to direct US complicity in the Egyptian coup.
Perhaps the most glaring contrast between the reaction to the 2009 election in Iran and the coup in Egypt has been provided by the US “newspaper of record,” the New York Times, whose editorial policy faithfully reflects the policies and interests of US imperialism.
In 2009, the Times mounted a full-scale campaign of journalistic provocation in Iran, dispatching both its right-wing foreign columnist Roger Cohen and its executive editor Bill Keller to Tehran to churn out material that failed to maintain even a pretense of objectivity. Citing no evidence, the newspaper branded the election “bogus” and even a “coup d'état” because the candidate favored by Washington failed to win.
In Egypt, the Times has used the word “coup” to describe the military's consolidation of power only between quotation marks, attributed to Egyptian opposition figures, with the implicit suggestion that the term is an exaggeration.
In an editorial Tuesday, the Times cynically lamented the Egyptian events as having set “a terrible example” for the rest of the Arab world and chided the Obama administration for sending “the wrong message in March” with the unconditional restoration of the $1.3 billion in military aid. The newspaper went on to declare that the administration “should have delayed some of the aid” to pressure the generals, while stressing the importance of the Egyptian military to the security of Israel.
The kid gloves treatment for the coup by the US-backed military in Egypt, versus the hysterical denunciations of the election in Iran, is an accurate reflection of the hypocritical and self-serving character of Washington's posture of defending democracy. Its attitude in both countries is determined not by democratic principles—which have been virtually banished from America's own electoral process—but rather the drive to impose imperialist hegemony by whatever means are at hand.
There are two types of NFL draft analysts: those that put a lot of stock in the athletic testing numbers and those who care very little about them. For transparency, I fall in the first category for positions on the defensive side of the ball. I think the tape and total college productivity are important, but I believe the things that can't be coached (Size, Speed, Agility, and Explosiveness) are critical for a player's ability to translate at the next level.
There is a lot of work out there that examines specific athletic testing and its relationship to success (See Justis Mosqueda's work on Force Players at playmakermentality.com). I truly appreciate this work, but I wanted to create something that takes the athletic testing and combines it with productivity over the course of a college career to produce a baseline number that can be compared player to player.
I'm calling this the Chipper Score, meaning put a bunch of numbers in the hopper and see what comes out the other side. This scoring system is not meant to predict success in the NFL, but more so to provide an understanding of what type of prospect we're looking at as a whole.
Related Top 10 Falcons draft picks of all time
The Chipper Score is created as follows: I take eight combine metrics (Height, Weight, Arm Length, 40, 3-cone, Vertical Jump, Broad Jump, and Bench Press) and use the percentiles for each according to the great work over at mockdraftable.com. Then I take an overall percentile average for all eight categories, take an athletic average (using the last five metrics), and add in the productivity score.
The productivity score for edge rushers, and defensive tackles is created by taking (total sacks x 2 + TFL x 2 + total tackles) divided by (games played). Then I take that number and multiply it by 10. So what we are left with is (average testing percentile + average athletic testing percentile + productivity score = Chipper Score). Here is an example:
These are two of the highest testing guys I've charted and you can see how they compare. Beasley tested smaller in size, but when we take out the size metrics his percentile balloons due to his exceptional athletic testing. The correlation makes sense, as you would assume the smaller, lighter body type has more of a chance to excel in the speed and agility drills. Mack on the other hand, is pretty consistent in the metric testing across the board and posted insane production stats, which edges him over Beasley.
I charted what are generally the consensus high-end edge rushers and defensive tackles in the 2017 class, then went back and charted all the first round picks from 2011-2016 in the same positions. There are a few names off these lists due to lack of testing results (Dee Ford for example), but most of the names are here:
The purpose of this exercise was to examine this year's edge-rushers in comparison with previous first-round draft picks to get a high-level overview of their profiles. You can't replace the tape and there are many things that can't be measured by stats such as football intelligence, hand usage, scheme fit and whether a player is dealing with double/triple teams or benefiting from a better player drawing such attention.
I have watched the tape on almost all of the prospects and have generated opinions absent of the testing, but not all competition is created equal. You cannot know how much impact solid coaching and being drafted into a good situation can make or break a player. Thus I understand the blanket eye rolls that come your way when you start talking about testing numbers.
However, this information does give an idea of unteachable abilities, and how those traits translated to their college productivity. If we take those results and compare with the hits and misses of the past we can at least begin to have an idea of the player absent of the tape.
For the Falcons, I wanted to take a look at a few names of edge-rushers that have already met with by the team along with a couple of other names that would fit the scheme and then give them by the numbers comparisons.
The three notable names would be Derek Rivers, Tyus Bowser, and Tanoh Kpassagnon. I'm leaving Haason Reddick off this list, one because I think he's ideally a Mike or Jack LB in a 3-4 defense and because I can't see a scenario where he's available at No 31.
Derek Rivers might be the hottest name trending on Falcons draft twitter over the last couple of weeks. He's a small school guy coming out of FCS Youngstown State who performed well during the Senior Bowl and surprised at the combine.
Number Comp: Vic Beasley
Both players have similar scores in total average, both being on the low end in size and arm length. Beasley tests higher athletically, but Rivers actually has the third highest athletic score I've charted. The college productivity is pretty similar as well and I think this sheds some light on why Dan Quinn has already met with Rivers.
Tyus Bowser has moved his way into several first-round mock drafts after a strong showing at the combine. He projects as a bit of a raw prospect with the athletic ability to turn into an impact player.
Number Comp: Bruce Irvin
Bruce Irvin was thought to have been over-drafted by the Seahawks at the time, but he was a specific fit for what Seattle was looking for and turned into a very productive pass rusher. Bowser tests slightly higher athletically with a little less college productivity, but could be brought along slowly, as Irvin was, and become a solid player.
Tonah Kpassagnon is a bit of a project player coming out of Villanova, but has the size and frame that very seldom comes along. Unlike the rest of these names, I don't think he's a day one pick, but the fact that Atlanta brought him in is a reason to keep him on the radar day two.
Number Comp: Anthony Barr
Tanoh is a tough comp as his size is a huge outlier, and his averages are impacted by sub-par athleticism. From a size and productivity perspective Barr is very similar, though Barr tested almost 10 points higher athletically.
Takkarist McKinley is a name being talked about in the first or second round out of UCLA. The questions on him have been his lack of bend and ability to corner.
Number Comp: Shaq Lawson
These two compare pretty closely with Lawson edging out Mckinley athletically by 6 points. Shaq was a bigger guy, but Tak makes up for the height with exceptional arm length.
Charles Harris is an interesting player. He has received day one hype, but tested as one of the poorest athletes I've charted. He did improve on some of these numbers at his pro day, but for the purposes of this metric I use the combine results.
Number Comp: Jarvis Jones
Both of these guys were very productive in the SEC making memorable disruptive plays, but they both tested out as terrible athletes compared to their pier group. Harris' tape does show explosion at times, but his ability to corner and counter at the next level is greatly called into question with results like this. He would concern me in round one.
Taco Charlton has been up and down the draft boards, but generally is considered to be a day one prospect. He has elite size and decent athleticism, but was rather average when it comes to production.
Number Comp: Cameron Jordan
Jordan tested very closely to what Charlton did both in athleticism and productivity. He was a late round one guy who has put together a solid career. I could see the same for Taco.
These are not all perfect correlations, and I am by no means suggesting these players are the same based on numbers. However, I think it does provide some context as to what players with similar results in the past became. This is a tool to be used as part of the evaluation process, but certainly not predictor of future success.
Ruth's Chris Closing Crosswoods Location
After 17 years in business, the Ruth's Chris Steakhouse located at 7550 High Cross Boulevard will be closing its doors on Sunday February 14th.
In an official statement released from the chain's headquarters in Florida, the company said that the reason for closure was “due to changing marketplace dynamics”. The Crosswoods area where the restaurant is located has suffered as a retail center with the shift in focus to the nearby Polaris Parkway area over the past fifteen years. More recently, Crosswoods businesses were hit with the challenge of a major highway interchange project at Route 23 and Interstate 270, which limited access and caused additional congestion at the main gateway entrance to the area.
Currently, there are no plans to relocation or reopen, although the Ruth's Chris Steak House President & CEO Michael O'Donnell didn't rule it out entirely.
“We are looking to find another location in the Columbus community,” said O'Donnell. “In the meantime, we are looking to relocate our people to other Ruth's Chris locations.”
There are no other Ruth's Chris locations in Central Ohio. The Downtown Mitchell's Steakhouse was sold to Ruth's Chris in 2008, which was later sold to Landry's, although it is still operated under the original name.
For more information, visit www.ruthschris.com.
Related Articles: No related articles.
About the Author Walker is the co-founder of ColumbusUnderground.com and TheMetropreneur.com along with his wife and business partner Anne Evans. Walker has turned local media into a full time career over the past decade and serves on multiple boards and committees throughout the community.
Tags:
2017, Season 4, and Series Ends
Hey Friends,
Does everyone have a minute? I wanted to share a couple of things about the future of Wolf 359 and what we're going to be doing this year. And, as is so often the case with these sorts of things, it comes in the form of Good News and Bad News.
First, the Farnsworth bit: good news, everyone! Wolf 359 will be back this year, and we will be doing a full season. Hooray! Season Four will begin on June 12th, and it'll be fifteen…ish full episodes. I know that's a longer gap between seasons than we've had before, but we want to spend a bit longer on the writing and the production of these upcoming episodes. And - more good news! - that also means we won't be taking a mid-season hiatus this year. Once new episodes begin, we'll run, uninterrupted, every two weeks until the final episode on December 25th.
Which leads us to the bad news, and that is that… well, there's no easy way to say it, so let's just get it out: Wolf 359 is coming to its end. This upcoming season's final episode will also be our series finale.
I know that this is going to be a sad development for many - it's a very sad one for me! This isn't a recent decision, nor one that was made quickly or frivolously. This has been in the works for a long, long time, and everyone on the show's Creative Team is in (heavy-hearted) agreement: this is the right choice for the show.
Rest assured though: the story of the Hephaestus and its crew isn't stopping, it's ending. We have never thought of Wolf 359 as a series that would go on and on forever. We've always wanted it to be a story that begins, middles, and ends. Which builds to a definite, final conclusion for its characters, and which can arrive at real answers for (most of) its mysteries. And which leaves the party early enough for people to miss it once it's gone.
Is it going to be hard to let go of the show? Absolutely. It's going to be harder than words can adequately describe to let go of these characters and this amazing team. (Sweet Mother of God, it's going to be hard to let this team go.) I am flabbergasted by all the wonderful people who have donated their time, energies, and talents into realizing Wolf 359.
I am also eternally grateful for everyone who has listened into the show. We could have never imagined how many people would listen to our little space story, and invite it into their lives. Making this show has been an enormous endeavor, and having you all with us has been a constant source of inspiration, joy, growth, education, and amazement over the many long hours we've spent making the show.
Thank you for being with us for the past three years. We're going to do our absolute best to make sure that our fourth and final year is our best one yet. We hope you will enjoy it.
Now, I can imagine some of you might have some questions, such as…
This is a joke, isn't it? Some kind of really mean, horrible, no good person prank?
I'm afraid it's not. While I am indeed a horrible, no good person, (well spotted) I would never lie about something like this. Barring some pretty major act of God-type shenanigannery, by this time next year Wolf 359 will have aired its final episode.
Can we get you to change your mind? Perhaps this huge pile of dragon gold could entice you to reconsider?
You're the one that stole that gold? Dude, that dragon's not happy. You should maybe put it back before the entire countryside gets burnt up… *ahem* In any case, I'm afraid the decision is rather final, and it feels right to everyone on the cast and crew. The show has to end sometime, and we'd rather build towards a satisfying, bang-like ending than just dwindle off until we all get sick of the characters. It'll be better for everyone, trust me.
Wait a minute, I know why you're doing this! This is because of -
Nope. Let me just stop you right there. Whatever you're thinking of, the answer's, “Nope.” Like I said before, we've been thinking about this for a while, and there's no one, singular thing that's made us decide to try to make a break for it and run for the door. It just feels like the right time.
No, but really: it's because you can't get the cast anymore, isn't it?
Amazingly - logic-defyingly, even - no! Everyone on the cast is extraordinarily busy, and a couple of people are starting to realize that I'm working with a troupe of undiscovered superstars and beginning to hire them for some really amazing projects, but everyone continues to be nothing if not ridiculously generous with their time and talents. The moral of the story is, as usual, that they're the best and that this is all my fault.
What are you going to after Wolf 359 is over? What's next for all of you? Will we ever hear from you again after Christmas of this year?
My cast and crew will all inevitably experience meteoric rises towards fame and fortune once the burden of speaking my sci-fi mumbo-jumbo is lifted from their lives. Keep an eye out for the imminent movie deals/world book tours/avant-garde Berlin music album. I'll probably fade into curmudgeonly obscurity. I fully expect to spend the next couple of decades solving the mystery of what, exactly, this “regular sleep schedule” thing is all about.
… okay, fine, real answer. The truth is I don't know! I expect that we'll all keep doing more or less what we're doing now: trying to balance making art and telling stories with our day jobs. Wolf 359 has been an enormous part of all our lives for the past three years, and we'll all be excited to pursue new opportunities after this year. We'll do our best to keep you updated on our work beyond Wolf 359.
When did you say the last season is starting and ending?
Season 4 is going to kick off on June 12th, and it's going to end on December 25th. If we've done our math right (… that's a medium-sized if) that means that we should have an episode of Wolf 359 every two weeks from the start of the season to the end. No mid-season breaks of hiatuses!
Will you tell any more stories in the universe of Wolf 359? Further adventures of the characters? Or how about prequels? Spinoffs?
I'll get back to you on that one. For the time being, we have no concrete plans to tell any other stories related to Wolf 359 or these characters. But then again, I refer you to my above answer about not knowing what the post-December future might hold. So… who knows! Maybe! Perhaps one day an irresistible spinoff idea will fall into our lap and we'll just have to make it. (Better Call Doug kinda has a good ring to it, no?) For the time being, all I know is that we're closing the book on this story, and doing our utmost to give these characters and this narrative a full, satisfying conclusion.
Once again, many, many thanks to our unbelievable cast and crew, and, most of all, to our many, very dear listeners for coming along on this crazy journey to a small star, seven and a half light years away from Earth. I look forward to sharing one final year of Wolf 359 will all of you.
Thank you,
Gabriel Urbina
01/05/2017
It is enough to make Tulowitzki roll his eyes and shrug his shoulders. He's not interested in the rumors, nor is he interested in being traded, regardless of what is churned out by the rumor mill.
DENVER -- The trade rumors have become a part of the daily routine for the Rockies shortstop Troy Tulowitzki. And with the July 31 non-waiver Trade Deadline 10 days away, the rumor mill will be grinding faster than ever.
DENVER -- The trade rumors have become a part of the daily routine for the Rockies shortstop Troy Tulowitzki. And with the July 31 non-waiver Trade Deadline 10 days away, the rumor mill will be grinding faster than ever.
It is enough to make Tulowitzki roll his eyes and shrug his shoulders. He's not interested in the rumors, nor is he interested in being traded, regardless of what is churned out by the rumor mill.
View Full Game Coverage
"I didn't sign my contract because I wanted to be somewhere else," Tulowitzki said of the 10-year, $157.75 million deals that includes an option for 2021 that would add another $11 million to the total value. "I signed my contract because I want to be with the Rockies."
That hasn't changed. Things have been more challenging since Tulowitzki signed that deal in 2010.
Tulowitzki arrived in the big leagues in 2007, the year the Rockies made their late-season miracle run to the postseason, winning 14 of their final 15 regular-season games to claim the National League Wild Card. Colorado then swept Philadelphia in NL Division Series and Arizona in the NL Championship Series before sitting for nine days and waiting for a World Series in which it was swept by Boston.
The Rockies were back in the postseason in 2009, although this time they were a first-round victim of the Phillies. They were competitive in 2010, going 83-79.
They have not had a winning season since.
Colorado finished in last place in the NL West two of the past three seasons, and the club is in last place right now as well. It's enough to make a superstar moan and groan about wanting to play for a contender, setting the stage for a trade.
Not Tulowitzki.
Video: TEX@COL: Tulo launches a two-run homer to left-center
"I've never said one thing about [a trade]," said Tulowitzki. "There's been a lot of speculation and people talking for me. It's just been a lot of rumors."
Oh, Tulowitzki wants to win. He wants to do it with the Rockies, though.
"My favorite player is Derek Jeter," Tulowitzki said. "It always has been. One of the things about him was how he stayed with one team his whole career."
And despite the media speculation, Colorado really isn't looking to move Tulowitzki.
That's fine with Tulowitzki. It is, however, rumor time, again.
Yes, Tulowitzki has battled injuries in recent times. He was limited to 264 games the past three seasons, and played in as many as 130 games only twice in the six seasons prior to the current one, with many of the ailments the residual effect of a torn left quadriceps tendon suffered at AT&T Park on April 29, 2008.
Tulowitzki, however, has continued to adapt his workout routine to look at ways to strengthen the leg and increase his flexibility. And this year, in particular, the Rockies have monitored his workload, careful not to let his legs get weary.
So far, so good. Tulowitzki went into Tuesday night's game against the Texas Rangers at Coors Field hitting .320, and having reached base safely in 41 consecutive games, matching Andres Galarraga and Todd Helton for the second-longest streak in franchise history to the 46-gamer of Michael Cuddyer. The streak ended with an 0-for-4 in Colorado's 9-0 loss.
Tulowitzki entered Tuesday hitting .376 (56-for-149) since May 29, tops in the Majors, and already had as many RBIs this season (52) as he did in an abbreviated 91-game 2014 season.
All of that could perk up the interest of teams looking to add a run-producing bat to the middle of their infield.
It, however, also creates anticipation for the Rockies that Tulowitzki could be the player who is the core of a resurgence in the next year or two.
Tulowitzki certainly feels that way.
"We've got some good, young talent here and on the way," said Tulowitzki. "We have the makings of a team that can win. To win here would be very satisfying."
Tulowitzki could enjoy what Helton enjoyed in 2007.
Prior to the 2007 season, Helton approved a potential trade to the Red Sox, who backed out at the last minute. The Rockies were a surprise that season, making the only World Series appearance in franchise history, and it was Helton who was the catalyst to the team's late-season rampage that saw it win 21 of 22 games, including beating the Padres in a Game 163 for the NL Wild Card, and the NLDS and NLCS sweeps.
No, Helton did not get a World Series ring that the Red Sox players received, but he had a great feeling of satisfaction about being a part of what remains the biggest season in Rockies history.
"You could tell how special it was to him," said Tulowitzki. "He was part of something from the start."
That is something that would be special for Tulowitzki, too.
Introduction
It all started with Javascript.
In April of 2011 Julius Schmidt wrote a PDP-11 emulator that ran in a browser. I thought that this was one of the most amazing thing I had ever seen.
Late last year I ran across the link again in my Pocket backlog and spent a little time poking around the code that powered the simulator.
The PDP-11 architecture is very interesting. All the the major system components work asynchronously, co-ordinating access via the shared UNIBUS backplane. Julius' simulator used this property and callbacks on timers to simulate components like the disk and console operating asynchronously.
I've written previously about the suitability of Go for writing emulators and so I thought it would be a fun project to port Julius' work to Go. This port is going well and provided the base for porting the code to C++ for this project.
Around the same time I ran across several other projects which convinced me to try an Atmel port.
The first was the winner of last years IOCCC, a 4k Intel 8086 simulator1 which showed me that the core of a CPU simulator could be small. Ignoring main memory, you need only simulate the small number of registers defined by the architecture. The PDP-11 has 8 16bit registers, a few service registers and 32 16 bit mmu registers2 to hold mappings. This would fit even in a small microcontroller like the 328p or 32u4.
The second project was a hardware implementation of a 32bit ARM CPU running linux on an Atmel 128p. Probably built as a dare, this project showed me that reliable simulators can be built on the 8bit Atmel platform and an external device could be used to represent the larger main memory expected by the CPU being simulated.
Maybe this wasn't as crazy as it sounded.
Why the PDP-11 ?
The PDP-11 is the most important minicomputer of the 1970's.
The cost of the PDP-11 was low enough that it could be dedicated to one person or small group when mainframe computers cost so much to run that time was billed by the hour to recoup their phenomenal cost. DEC machines quickly became the platform for research and experimentation.
The PDP-11 was the machine that Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie developed Unix and the C programming language. As a historical artefact it has tremendous importance for anyone who is interested in computer programming or retro computing.
If you want to know why the int datatype in C defaults to 16 bits, look at the PDP-11, it was a 16-bit computer. If you want to know why a char is called a char not a byte look to way the PDP-11 stored two characters in a word.
So, what better way to learn about the PDP-11, and the history of C and Unix, than to build a simulator of the machine that started it all ?
Why build a simulator on a microcontroller?
Let's be honest, the world doesn't need another Arduino weather station.
Apart from wiring up LED and LCD displays I haven't really found anything that really excites me about using microcontrollers. In some ways, the way that microcontrollers are coded and used feels very batch oriented — write some code, compile it, load it onto the micro, wait quietly to see it is worked, rinse, repeat.
I had heard a Podcast interview with one of the makers of the Pebble smartwatch and learnt about the Pebble OS, a fork of FreeRTOS.
FreeRTOS looked like as a way to write interactive programs on microcontrollers, and those ideas were percolating inside my head while I was porting Julius' Javascript simulator to Go over Christmas.
One of the nice features of Julius' simulator was the very clean separation between the CPU logic and the memory logic. In the PDP-11 memory is just another device on the UNIBUS bus and so I began to think that if I could find some way of connecting the required 128 kilowords of memory to an Atmel the rest of the simulator should fit within the onboard SRAM.
What works today
Today the simulator boots V6 unix and can execute some simple commands, there are some remaining bugs in the mmu which cause the simulator to fail when larger programs ( /usr/bin/cc and /usr/games/chess for example) are executed
The hardware emulated is somewhere between a PDP11/40 and PDP11/45. The EIS option (MUL and DIV) is properly emulated, but FIS (floating point is not).
Only a single RK05 drive is simulated, backed by a file on the micro SD card.
I want to improve the accuracy of the simulator so that it can run V7 unix, 2.9/2.11 BSD, RSX-11M and most importantly, the DEC diagnostics.
All these improvements are first developed on the Go port then will be integrated into the Atmel port.
How is the performance?
Right now, not great. I don't have a real PDP-11 for comparison, but looking at some videos on Youtube I'd have to say the simulator is at least 10x slower than an original 11/40.
I was never expecting to be amazed with the speed of this simulator, especially at this early stage. However, on a performance per watt basis, I think it's hard to beat avr11.
The PDP-11 that this simulator models is spartan, even by the standards of the early 70s, yet still consumed over 2 kilowatts of power for the CPU and Memory (256kb). The 2.5 megabyte RK05 boot drive was another 600 watts. Real unix installations would have 3 or more drives, so there goes another 1200-1800 watts.
Compared to that, the avr11 draws well under the 500ma limit of a USB port. Although I lack equipment to measure the current draw I estimate it to be around 100ma at 5 volts which is 0.5 watts. Tell that to your data center manager.
Some specific performance issues I am aware of are:
32 bit register operands. Everything in the CPU is treated as a 32-bit integer during the simulation of the individual instructions. This is a hold over from the original Javascript simulation. The Atmel is internally an 8-bit CPU. There are provisions for 16 bit, double byte operations, but they come at a cost of 5x over their 8 bit counterparts. Using 32 bit operands are even more costly again. SPI memory. The overhead of the SPI transaction to read a word from memory is quite high. As most instructions generate at least 2 memory cycles, and can be as high as 6, fetching operands from memory consumes a lot of wall time.
Getting the code
Julius' original Javascript implementation, from which both my Go and Atmel ports derive, is licensed under the liberal WTFPL licence. As I share similar views on software licensing, both of my projects will be similarly licensed.
The code itself is on Github. As of today it is frankly a dog's breakfast of babies first C++ programming and Arduino hacks. As the project progresses I hope this will improve.
However the code itself isn't much use without the hardware. Again this is under heavy flux and I hope to improve the number platforms the simulator can run on.
The specific hardware requirements are an Atmega2560 (the older 1280 will also work, I just don't have one to experiment with). I'm using the Freetronics Ethermega, mainly because it was what I could buy at Jaycar, but also because it has a built-in micro SD card reader onboard.
The SPI SRAM shield is custom, and I'll be writing about it in my next post.
(Warning: This article is a bit more technical than most of my stuff. It assumes prior knowledge of monads and monad transformers.)
Martin Erwig and Steve Kollmansberger wrote PFP, a really sweet Haskell library for computing with probabilities. To borrow their example:
die :: Dist Int die = uniform [ 1 .. 6 ]
If we roll a die, we get the expected distribution of results:
> die 1 16.7% 2 16.7% 3 16.7% 4 16.7% 5 16.7% 6 16.7%
If you haven't seen PFP before, I strongly encourage you to check it out. You can use it to solve all sorts of probability puzzles.
Anyway, I discovered an interesting way to implement PFP using monad transformers. Here's what it looks like:
type Dist = PerhapsT ( [] ) uniform = weighted . map ( \ x -> ( x , 1 ))
In other words, Dist can be written by adding some semantics to the standard list monad.
Perhaps: A less specific version of Maybe
First, let's define a simple probability type:
newtype Prob = P Float deriving ( Eq , Ord , Num ) instance Show Prob where show ( P p ) = show intPart ++ "." ++ show fracPart ++ "%" where digits = round ( 1000 * p ) intPart = digits ` div ` 10 fracPart = digits ` mod ` 10
Thanks to the deriving (Num) declaration, we can treat Prob like any other numeric type.
We can now define Perhaps , which represents a value with an associated probability:
data Perhaps a = Perhaps a Prob deriving ( Show )
Now, this is just a generalization of Haskell's built-in Maybe type, which treats a value as either present (probability 1) or absent (probability 0). All we've added is a range of possibilities in between: Perhaps x 0.5 represents a 50% chance of having a value.
Note that there's one small trick here: When the probability of a value is 0, we may not actually know it! But because Haskell is a lazy language, we can write:
Perhaps undefined 0
We'll need a convenient way to test for this case, to make sure we don't try to use any undefined values:
neverHappens ( Perhaps _ 0 ) = True neverHappens _ = False
So Perhaps is just like Maybe . As it turns out, they're both monads, and they both have an associated monad transformer.
First, a monad
Like Haskell's standard Maybe type, Perhaps is a monad.
instance Functor Perhaps where fmap f ( Perhaps x p ) = Perhaps ( f x ) p instance Monad Perhaps where return x = Perhaps x 1 ph >>= f | neverHappens ph = never | otherwise = Perhaps x ( p1 * p2 ) where ( Perhaps ( Perhaps x p1 ) p2 ) = fmap f ph
We can also define a slightly extended interface:
class Monad m => MonadPerhaps m where perhaps :: a -> Prob -> m a never :: m a instance MonadPerhaps Perhaps where never = Perhaps undefined 0 perhaps = Perhaps
Next, a monad transformer
What if we're already using a monad, and we want to layer Perhaps -style semantics over the top? Well, we can always use a monad transformer. The following code is presented without further comment:
newtype PerhapsT m a = PerhapsT { runPerhapsT :: m ( Perhaps a ) } instance MonadTrans PerhapsT where lift x = PerhapsT ( liftM return x ) instance Monad m => Functor ( PerhapsT m ) where fmap = liftM instance Monad m => Monad ( PerhapsT m ) where return = lift . return m >>= f = PerhapsT bound where bound = do ph <- runPerhapsT m case ph of ( Perhaps x1 p1 ) | p1 == 0 -> return never | otherwise -> do ( Perhaps x2 p2 ) <- runPerhapsT ( f x1 ) return ( Perhaps x2 ( p1 * p2 ))
Update: I removed the instance MonadPerhaps (PerhapsT m) , because not all derived monads (including the one described here) will actually want to provide access to never and perhaps .
Recreating PFP
From here, everything is simple. We can implement PFP by applying our monad transformer to the standard list monad:
type Dist = PerhapsT ( [] ) uniform = weighted . map ( \ x -> ( x , 1 )) weighted :: [( a , Float )] -> Dist a weighted [] = error "Empty probability distributuion" weighted xws = PerhapsT ( map weight xws ) where weight ( x , w ) = Perhaps x ( P ( w / sum )) sum = foldl' ( \ w1 ( _ , w2 ) -> w1 + w2 ) 0 xws
What does this refactoring buy us? Well, it turns out that we can reuse PerhapsT elsewhere...
Part 2: Random sampling
The rule prohibits marriage for girls under 17 and boys under 18. In the country the magnitude of "child brides", girls of 8 or 9 given in marriage, usually for economic reasons, to old men.
Sanaa (AsiaNews) - Strictly covered by black niqabs, thousands of Yemeni women protested (pictured) against the law setting the minimum age for marriage: 17 years for women and 18 for men.
The women held banners with slogans such as "Do not prohibit what God has made possible." One of them, commenting on the support for the law by groups of human rights, said: "Many women who are part of these groups are 40 and are not married"
In the country the tradition of "child brides" children of 8 or 9 given in marriage to much older men is widespread, especially in rural areas. The reasons are often economic ones. The tradition came to the attention of international public opinion for a few sensational cases, particularly those of a girl of 12 who died in childbirth with her son and another of 8 who requested and obtained a divorce.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Today in the category of…oh, forget it. I don't have the heart for snark. It's just so goddamn tiresome. The Wall Street Journal headline on the right describes the latest pseudoscandal in Hillaryland, and it's obviously intended to make you think there's yet more fishiness in the Clinton family. In a nutshell, here's the story:
In early 2015, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe recruited Dr. Jill McCabe to run for a state Senate seat.
Various organizations under McAuliffe's control donated lots of money to her campaign.
She lost.
Several months later, McCabe's husband was promoted to deputy director of the FBI. Because of that promotion, he “helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton's email use.” This was presumably in addition to the hundreds of other things that a deputy director has oversight responsibility for.
There's literally nothing here. Not “nothing substantial.” Not “nothing that other politicians don't do.” Literally nothing. There's not a single bit of this that's illegal, unethical, or even the tiniest bit wrong. It's totally above board and perfectly kosher. And even if there were anything wrong, McAuliffe would have needed a time machine to know it.
Honest to God, I'm so tired of this stuff I could scream. I've been joking about it lately by appending gate to every dumb little nonscandal that's tossed in Hillary's direction, and I guess I'll keep doing that. But our illustrious press corps needs to pull its collective head out of its ass. If you've got real evidence of Hillary being engaged in something fishy, go to town. I won't complain. But if all you've got is a thrice-removed, physics-challenged gewgaw that proves nothing except that you know how to play Six Degrees of Hillary Clinton,1 then give it a rest. It just makes you look like those monomaniacs with thousands of clippings glued to their wall and spider webs of string tying them all together.
Just stop it.
1Here's how it works:
Make a list of the entire chain of command that had some oversight over the FBI's investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server. That's going to be at least half a dozen people. Make a list of all their close family and friends. Now you're up to a hundred people. Look for a connection between any of those people and the Clintons. Since FBI headquarters is located in Washington, DC, and the Clintons famously have thousands and thousands of friends, you will find a connection. I guarantee it. Write a story about it.
See how easy this is? But please don't try it at home. This is a game for trained professionals only.
Mothergunship is a rush of unconnected words mashed together. Mother? Gun? Ship? The game this word sandwich belongs to follow suit by smashing genres together with a similar reckless abandon. It sees the bullet hell shooter and FPS combine in an unholy hybrid that actually works rather well. Lead developer Joe Mirabello proved that when he made Tower of Guns, an experiment that he expected to sell a couple of thousand copies; in fact, it was played by a couple of millions.
Mothergunship is the more ambitious, more polished follow-up, assembled alongside the team that ported Tower of Guns to consoles, Grip Digital. It's a bold melding of strange design and quietly clever technology – ideas you'd never guess at unless they were pointed out to you.
Read more: the finest indie games on PC.
Hell goes first-person
To make the screen-filling stress of the top-down bullet hell genre work in a first-person perspective, Terrible Posture Games and Grip Digital have had to face down some of the same issues the Mirror's Edge team must have encountered.
“It's very similar to the problems you face bringing platforming to first-person,” Mirabello explains. “It's not always the smoothest of combinations, but if you manage to make it so that the player is forgiven from making mistakes, it can be totally doable.”
So the Mothergunship team have learned how to be forgiving through the medium of videogames. Firstly, they programmed their bullets to move fairly slowly. They might let fly in their thousands, but at a moderate pace, the overwhelming odds become manageable. Secondly, they built a movement system that allows you to move vertically with ease.
“You don't want the player to just be strafing left to right,” Mirabello says. “You want them to feel like they can strafe up.”
So say goodbye to realistic jumps. In Mothergunship, you can chain three hops from the off – and potentially hundreds by the end of the game. What's more, its levels are filled with plenty of boosts, jump pads, and other silly ways to get you airborne. Suddenly, you have a lot more options when trying to escape from hairy situations.
“Strafing becomes three-dimensional, rather than just a lateral thing,” Mirabello notes.
The third trick, and the strangest one, is that not all of the bullets in Mothergunship are headed straight for you. In fact, the majority are programmed to harry but not necessarily hit – “a support crew along for the ride.”
“It sounds really weird, but if you don't aim at the player you create what feels like walls of bullets,” Mirabello expands. “Those walls add to the stress factor. If you think about it, in a top-down bullet hell game, that's the case – they don't actually aim at you. It creates a lateral pattern that you can negotiate by jumping around.”
The bullets you don't see
In a traditional bullet hell game – like Ikaruga, the Dante's Inferno of the genre – you're given all the visual information about the battlefield there is. From your perspective on high, planning and reacting are as easy as glancing at the screen. In first-person, by comparison, you're shut off – granted just a small window into what's going on.
“You have to give the player a lot of tells about when things are coming into close proximity,” Mirabello says. “You don't have situational awareness that is perfect.”
Mothergunship employs a variety of cues to help. 3D sound and the UI act in tandem as a warning system for what's going on behind you. And, crucially, the game gives you plenty of health so you can afford to take a few hits – enough to give you an idea of where you're being shot from.
Really, this is how we've been trained to think in first-person. How often have you only noticed an FPS enemy because they've peppered you with machine gun fire, flagged up by a bright red directional indicator?
“If you have more health, you can use that health to gather information while you're playing,” Mirabello concludes.
Modular madness
One of Mothergunship's key draws is its modular weapon crafting system. They're a frightening thing to build, apparently: a way of developers handing over an uncomfortable amount of control to players.
“This is something I've had to get my team to rally around,” Mirabello says. “You, as a designer, have to be ok with not having authority over what the player experiences. When you create any kind of modular system like that you're creating a sandbox.”
It's not so tricky when it's a matter of scopes, silencers, and stocks – but Mothergunship's upgrades are more absurd. We're talking flamethrowers, strapped onto rockets, perched atop chainguns.
“We're treating this game more like a first-person Contra,” Mirabello explains, “and making the player feel empowered to do whatever they want with that system was the heart of it.”
The performance issues that come with a ten-barrel weapon that belches fire are, as you might imagine, not insignificant.
“You have to do a few clever things behind the scenes,” Mirabello says. “We're going to be working on that from now until [we] ship.”
A ‘pooling' system keeps a cap on the amount of stuff that can spawn into the game world at once. Guns have their own pool of allotted memory, for instance, as do enemy bullets, and the loot that shows up in Mothergunship's levels.
“Those different pools are allowed to be used, tapped into, and recycled so it's constantly performant,” Mirabello explains.
Elsewhere, the developers have relied on LODs (Level of Details). They're ordinarily used to reduce detail on objects as you move further away from them, in the name of improving performance. Here, they handle the gunfire and flames.
“If you know the player's spawning a ton of different particle effects, than maybe all of them don't need to be at the highest quality level, because there's so much going on,” Mirabello says. “Maybe they can all drop a level. It's little tricks like that.”
It's those little tricks that are enabled Mothergunship to go big. After decades spent watching the genre from above, its team are embracing a modern vision of bullet hell which is, quite literally, in your face.
Mothergunship is headed to Steam. Unreal Engine 4 is now free.
In this sponsored series, we're looking at how game developers are taking advantage of Unreal Engine 4 to create a new generation of PC games. With thanks to Epic Games, Terrible Posture Games, and Grip Digital.
Stirling numbers of the second kind
Markov's Inequality
Q: An urn contains 20 uniquely identifiable balls. How many draws with replacement needs to be done before you are \(95\%\) sure that you have seen all of them?A: A benign looking question, but its closed form solution is fairly complex and quite unlike a typical counting puzzle. First lets learn a useful tool:. It is a complete name and they all go together. It takes in two arguments say \((k,n)\). This is represented as \(S(k,n)\) or also as \({k\brace n }\). It represents the number of subsets of a set of size \(k\) which has a size of \(n\). For example, if a set is given as \({a,b,c}\) then the number of sets of size 2 is \(\{\{a,b\},\{b,c\},\{a,c\}\}\). So we phrase this as$$S(3,2) = 3$$The generic expression for \(S(k,n)\) is given by$$S(k,n) = \frac{1}{n!}\sum_{i=0}^{n}(-1)^{i}{{n}\choose{i}}(n-i)^{n}$$The present problem is similar to starting with \(k\) balls, dropping then in \(n\) bins and evaluating the probability that all bins have at least 1 ball. If we can estimate this probability in terms of \(k,n\), then we can set it to \(95\%\) and solve for \(k\) (if it is feasible!).To start with, each ball can go into any one of the \(n\) bins. So, there are \(n^{k}\) ways to distribute \(k\) balls into \(n\) bins. This is the total number of ways to distribute the balls, the denominator in our probability estimate. The numerator is where things get tricky. Lets say we have just 3 balls that we want to drop off in 2 bins. For a given set of 3 balls, there are \(S(3,2) = 3\) ways to drop them and for each of those ways, there is exactly one way to put them all into the bins such that all bins have at least one ball. So the sought probability can be stated as$$P(\text{All Balls Drawn at least once}) = \frac{{k \brace n}}{n^{k}}$$This looks good overall as we now have a closed form expression for the probability. We could set it to \(95\%\) and try and solve for \(k\). However, it is quite difficult in practice without a simulation. Instead we can try something different to put an upper bound on the probability and work off that. For this we use the second tool:. It states as follows$$P(X \ge a) \le \frac{E(X)}{a}$$where \(X\) is the number of balls to draw and \(E(X)\) is the expectation of \(X\).The expectation is easier to compute and think off. From the first pull we will definitely get one unique ball. In the second pull there is a \(\frac{19}{20}\) chance that you will get another unique ball. So the expected number of draws to get two unique balls is \(1 + \frac{20}{19}\). Extending this out, we arrive at the expected number of draws to get at 20 unique balls as$$E(X) = 1 + \frac{20}{19} + \frac{20}{18} + \ldots + \frac{20}{1}$$Using R, you can compute the above fairly easily as followsThe result yields \(\approx 72\). In order to choose \(a\) we reason as follows: if \(a\) were indeed the number needed to be \(95\%\) sure that all balls have been counted, then the probability of requiring \(\ge a\) would be \(5\%\). Plugging that into the Markov inequality gives us$$a \le \frac{72}{0.05} \approx 1440$$Note that this is an extremely large bound and not as tight as we would want it to be. This is for a later write-up. In the meanwhile you can try and simulate it through using the following R codewhich gives an approximate range of 50 to 60 pullsIf you are looking to buy some books in probability here are some of the best books to learn the art of ProbabilityThis book is a great compilation that covers quite a bit of puzzles. What I like about these puzzles are that they are all tractable and don't require too much advanced mathematics to solve.This is a book on algorithms, some of them are probabilistic. But the book is a must-have for students, job candidates even full time engineers & data scientistsOverall an excellent book to learn probability, well recommended for undergrads and graduate studentsThis is a two volume book and the first volume is what will likely interest a beginner because it covers discrete probability. The book tends to treat probability as a theory on its ownA good book for graduate level classes: has some practice problems in them which is a good thing. But that doesn't make this book any less of buy for the beginner.A good book to own. Does not require prior knowledge of other areas, but the book is a bit low on worked out examples.An excellent resource (students, engineers and even entrepreneurs) if you are looking for some code that you can take and implement directly on the jobThis is a great book to own. The second half of the book may require some knowledge of calculus. It appears to be the right mix for someone who wants to learn but doesn't want to be scared with the "lemmas"This one is a must-have if you want to learn machine learning. The book is beautifully written and ideal for the engineer/student who doesn't want to get too much into the details of a machine learned approach but wants a working knowledge of it. There are some great examples and test data in the text book too.This is a good book if you are new to statistics & probability while simultaneously getting started with a programming language. The book supports R and is written in a casual humorous way making it an easy read. Great for beginners. Some of the data on the companion website could be missing.Covered in this book are the central limit theorem and other graduate topics in probability. You will need to brush up on some mathematics before you dive in but most of that can be done onlineThis book has been yellow-flagged with some issues: including sequencing of content that could be an issue. But otherwise its good
128 Shares 0
128
0
0
The terrorist attacks in Belgium on March 22nd have shown that the 'War on Terror' is not going to go away any time soon. It seems no amount of security or surveillance is capable of 'protecting' us from psychopathic criminals intent on murdering innocent civilians in order to 'take away our freedoms'. The spate of attacks in Belgium come just days after the French media announced the 'good news' that progress was finally being made in bringing some of those terrorists to justice. Europe is now beginning to experience what Syrians in the last five years and Iraqis for over a decade have suffered: the indiscriminate mass murder of civilians. But when 'rebels' commit those kinds of crimes in Syria in the pay of Western allies doing NATO's geopolitical bidding, it is not terrorism. When the comrades of the Belgian terrorists were murdering men, women and children in Syria in 2013, France's anti-terrorist magistrate Marc Trevidic said the following:
"There are many young jihadists who have gone to the Turkish border in order to enter Syria to fight Bashar's regime, but the only difference is that there France is not the enemy. Therefore we don't look on that in the same way. To see young men who are at the moment fighting Bashar Al-Assad, they will be perhaps dangerous in the future but for the moment they are fighting Bashar Al-Assad and France is on their side. They will not attack us.''
But now the terrorists are ''dangerous'' again. That is to say dangerous for the public. Such delinquents, however, present no danger to the political power-elite.
The arrest of Salah Abdeslam in Brussels on March 21st was hailed as a major victory for the Belgian and French governments in Europe's 'war on terrorism'. Indeed, it is rare to see Takfiri/Salafi/Wahhabi terrorists arrested and put on trial. The usual pattern is for them to be killed during a shootout with the police. So, what has changed? Nothing has changed in French foreign policy since the two attacks last year. France continues to sell arms to regimes supporting Wahhabi terrorism such as Saudi Arabia. France continues to support the so-called 'moderate rebels' in Syria, in spite of the fact that no such moderate rebels exist. So, now we have the high profile arrest of a 'chief suspect' in the November 13th attacks, which is being considered a tour de force by the European services involved.
Sooner or later the European authorities were going to have to arrest someone in connection with terrorism. The pattern of 'liquidations' was beginning to look highly suspect, undermining the credibility of 'Western democracies' seeking to uphold the 'rule of law'.
From the supposed murder of Bin Laden in 2011 to that of Mohammed Merah in 2012; Michael Zehaf Bibeau in Ottawa in 2014; the Kouachi brothers and Coulibaly in 2015; to the shooting of Abdelhamid Abbaoud in Paris November 2015 and the execution of Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfee Malik in San Bernardino again in 2015, it seemed Western security forces wanted 'terrorists' dead rather than alive. These 'liquidations' of alleged protagonists also eliminate key witnesses to the crimes in question. The basis for trials is thus made to disappear along with the attending apparatus of evidence, cross-examinations, contending arguments and third-party adjudication. In this fashion the public is left in the dark about whether or not the alleged killers were really guilty, whether they acted alone, or whether they received help from intelligence agencies in perpetrating acts of violence.
There may have been good reasons why the French police wanted the Kouachi brothers killed. They had been allegedly fighting in Syria and had close links to the French intelligence services. Mohammed Merah had worked as an informer for French intelligence and had served in operations in Afghanistan. The leader of France's National Front party Marine Le Pen noted on French TV that Merah had had close links to the DCRI (Direction Centrale du Renseignement Intérieur) the French domestic spy agency, and noted his familiarity with such officials was a matter of grave concern.
On July 21st 2014 Le Monde reported that most cases of 'Islamist' terrorism committed in the United States since 2001 were false flag events orchestrated by the FBI.
While prepared to admit this may be the case in the United States, the French media are deeply reluctant to broach the possibility of state collusion in the orchestration of 'Islamist' terrorism in Europe.
As for terrorist suspects 'liquidated' by the great and good, we can cite the case of the terror mastermind himself, Osama Bin Laden. The Saudi terrorist was widely reported to have been seriously ill when he was apparently visited by CIA agents just months before the September 2001 attacks in New York, Pennsylvania and Washington, according to a report in France's Le Figaro newspaper.
He was believed by many to have been dead long before the spectacular US commando assassination in May 2nd 2011. In fact, Pakistan's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto had already claimed on Al Jazeera in 2008 that he had been murdered by Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh.
No proof was ever produced of his death at the hands of US commandos.
The exact role of Saleh Abdeslam in the November 13th terrorist attacks remains unknown. He is said to have been a 'fixer', to have rented cars and to have expressed a desire to commit suicide in the Stad de France but much of this story remains unclear.
No one can explain how Abdeslam managed to hide in Belgium all this time. Can this really be put down to the total incompetence of the Belgian police, as some have claimed?
What is clear is that there will be a trial in front of a 'cour d'assisses speciale', a special sitting of French magistrates without a jury, and the public will never find out about his relationship to Belgian or French intelligence, which must exist, directly or indirectly, given the French state's close ties to Takfiri terrorists in the Middle East and Africa and their string of patsies in Europe.
While articles abound with details about the arrest and turbulent life of the terrorist, no 'respectable' media outlets have dared say the unsayable: that the French state, far from promoting 'democracy' and 'human rights', has become in fact the very fons et origo of Takfiri terrorism, decorating Wahhabite dictatorships who promote the death cult while demonizing, secular and religious democracies fighting Takfri terrorism such as the Russian Federation, The Syrian Arab Republic and the Islamic Republic of Iran. Without the constant military and propaganda cover from the French military-industrial-media-inelligence complex, the Takrifi terrorists in Syria would have been defeated by the Syrian Arab Army in 2011 and the' war on terrorism would be over.
In spite of the fact that France Inter, the country's state radio station in a report aired in December 2015 entitled 'Daesh, autopsie d'un monstre- Daesh, autopsy of a monster' revealed the fact that the USA was responsible for the creation of ISIS, and that the French public have been completely misled concerning the war on Syria, the Big Lie unfailingly resurfaces throughout the French media whenever there is another terrorist attack or when a high profile terrorist/ patsy is officially apprehended or 'liquidated'.
While writing this piece, news came in of another attack in Belgium. An airport and a metro station were attacked. 30 people were killed and 230 more injured.
These attacks will add more stress for innocent civilians traveling to work. There will be sensors at the entrance to metro stations, with long queues. There will be occasional searches by security guards, more security cameras, further restrictions on our civil liberties in the name of 'security'.Meanwhile, more military interventions abroad will be called for to fight the phantom enemy. One of the videos used by Belgian media Dernière Heure was a recording of the terrorist attacks in Moscow Domededovo airport on January 24th 2011. Why the media outlet decided to show a fake video of the Belgian attacks is a question which we are, perhaps, not entitled to pose.
Muslims will suffer in particular in the aftermath of these attacks, as they have become the scapegoats of Zionism's quest for global domination and, let us be clear, Zionism is the form of imperialism which has produced the deeply mendacious 'War on Terror'. The majority of key US neo-conservatives pushing for the 'global war on terrorism' and praying for a pretext to launch that war were American/Israeli dual passport holders or 'Israel firsters'. And Israel's role in the 911 terrorist attacks has been amply demonstrated.
Exploring Israel's role in the fabrication of terrorist events outside Palestine is, of course, indisputably taboo. French investigative journalist Hisham Hamza, who wrote a detailed book on Israel's role in the 911 attacks, was recently arrested for exposing the Israeli origin of the massacre photos at the Bataclan theatre in Paris in the November 13th 2015 terrorist attacks. Hamza could be facing a prison sentence for 'violating the secrecy of an investigation', an absurd allegation from a magistracy clearly operating on behalf of a powerful lobby.
Ofir Akunis, Israel's Minister of Science, Technology and Space, has said the terrorist attacks by Da'esh were due to the EU spending more time labelling goods from the Israeli occupied territories than protecting its citizens from 'Islamist' terror, raising suspicions on social media about the nefarious role of the Jewish State in committing acts of terrorism and blaming them on Arabs.
This new wave of terrorist attacks in Belgium will remind citizens of previous terrorist campaigns.
Although the European Parliament publicly condemned its existence in 1990, Operation Gladio, the CIA's European wide terror network, has never been fully investigated by the European courts.
On February 26th 2013, a short article appeared in Le Monde about court proceedings in Luxembourg relating to the CIA's terror network. But the report only took up a few lines and was buried in the back pages.
In January 2016 an article on Operation Gladio was published in Le Monde again entitled 'The Weight of Lead' about the terrorist campaign in Italy where it was admitted that the secret services and other state agencies colluded with right-wing terrorists to discredit growing left-wing opposition to the capitalist order by committing terrorist acts against civilians and blaming leftist groups. Terrorist attacks of this kind are commonly referred to as false-flag terrorism.
There was no discussion in the mass media of the possibility, indeed, strong probability that the same forces are at play today in the current 'war on terror'. The Gladio terrorist attacks were part of the CIA's 'strategy of tension' designed to make European citizens look to the state for protection, thereby neutralizing popular discontent with the state's anti-social policies, while maintaining maximum hostility towards the Soviet Union.
Before this week's Belgian attacks, Da'esh released a video threatening more terrorism in France. But many of these videos have been proven in the past to be fraudulent. On November 29th 2002, the BBC published a report on the analysis made of Bin Laden videos by the Dalle Molle Institute for Perceptual Artificial Intelligence. The researchers confirmed that many of the Bin Laden videos released after 2001 were fakes. Yet anonymous 'American experts' argued the contrary. Whose analysis would you esteem to be more credible?
In 2007, the New York Times reported the leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq, Abdullah Rachid al-Baghdadi, was a fictional character invented by the US military. The article is among the first to refer to the now infamous 'Islamic State'.
'The ploy was to invent Baghdadi, a figure whose very name establishes his Iraqi pedigree, install him as the head of a front organization called the Islamic State of Iraq .....Ayman al-Zawahiri, Osama bin Laden's deputy, sought to reinforce the deception by referring to Baghdadi in his video and Internet statements.'
The official explanation for the US military's ruse was that they wanted to discredit Al -Qaeda in Iraq by placing a foreigner at its head. But this argument is implausible given the fact that Al- Qaeda has always been a loose, international network of fanatics, not a nationalist organization. In fact, the existence of Al-Qaeda in Iraq served to criminalize nationalist, patriotic opposition to the US military occupation.
The evidence of the US/NATO/Israel's collusion with Al-Qaeda and Da'esh/ISIS is far too extensive to be covered here in full. We could talk about US Senator John McCain's photographed meeting with Da'esh in Syria; his statement to the press in which he said: '' I know ISIS intimately, I've met them and I talk to them all the time."
The numerous arms deliveries by the British and American military to ISIS in Iraq; the statements by Israeli ambassadors and military officials that they would prefer ISIS to Iran in Syria.
It is in that context that one could argue President Obama committed an embarrassing lapsus linguae when he admitted that the Pentagon was ''training of ISIL forces, including Sunni tribes from Anbar province''
The evidence that Da'ech/ISIS/ISIL is an instrument of NATO foreign policy, a key military intelligence and strategic asset in an unceasing, imperial war of conquest abroad and the pretext for the imposition of a police state at home, is incontrovertible. These recent arrests and terrorist attacks are new, tragic episodes in oligarchy's never ending war on freedom.
The war on terror is and always has been a class war. When the CIA armed, trained and funded the Mujahedeen in democratic Afghanistan in 1979, they were supporting their class allies, the landlords who used religious fanaticism to maintain their feudalistic class rule over the poor peasantry.
Today the key allies of the Western/Zionist political elites are the Muslim Brotherhood who have the same class interests as their Western counterparts. It is hardly surprising therefore to find that President Erdoğan of Turkey, who Le Monde in February 12th 2014 admitted was supporting Da'esh in Syria, predicting terrorism in Brussels in March 19th 2016, just days before the attacks occurred.
It's a dirty game, this war on terror. But when enough people know its rules, the power-elite who have brought it about will be hoisted by their own petard.
Thousands of years ago, when the Romans and Greeks were naming the planets that were visible to them, they decided to name them after their gods. Mercury (Greek: Hermes) was the Roman god of commerce, travel and industry, Venus (Greek: Aphrodite) was the goddess of love and beauty, Mars (Greek: Ares) was the god of war, Jupiter (Greek: Zeus) was the king of the gods, and Saturn (Greek: Cronos) was the god of agriculture. Hundreds of years later, even when people knew that the planets weren't actually gods, they still kept with tradition and named newly discovered planets after mythological characters. Uranus, Neptune and Pluto were all discovered in modern times, but their names are all still linked to ancient myths. Uranus is the Greek ruler of the heavens, Neptune (Greek: Poseidon) is the Roman god of the sea, and Pluto (Greek: Hades) is god of the underworld. The names of moons orbiting planets are also influenced by mythology. This is all except for one planet. The moons orbiting Uranus are named after characters in plays, mostly after characters in plays written by William Shakespeare. Why would you name moons after characters in a play though? Before I answer that, here's my quick guide to Shakespeare.
One of the greatest ever writers of the English language was William Shakespeare. He was born on 23rd April 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon, England and during his life, wrote about 154 poems (called sonnets) and 38 plays. From 1588, he lived in London where many of his plays were performed in front of the courts of the Royal Family. Although his plays are now over 400 years old, they are still performed and studied today, containing themes and ideas which are as relevant now as they were when they were first written. The Globe Theatre in London was opened in 2000 and is a modern day replica of the type of theatre in which Shakespeare's plays would have originally been performed. Some of Shakespeare's most famous plays are Romeo and Juliet, Macbeth, Hamlet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Shakespeare died on 23rd April 1616 and is buried in Stratford-upon-Avon church.
Although Shakespeare wrote a large number of plays, these plays can be placed into four categories: Comedies, Histories, Tragedies and Romances. The Comedies were often farcical comedies of error, kind of like Fawlty Towers for the 16th Century (e.g. A Midsummer Night's Dream) . The Histories were based on real historical events, usually about English history (Henry IV, Part 1) or ancient history. Tragedies were plays with darker themes (such as betrayal and jealousy) and by the end of the play, most of the characters had died! (Romeo and Juliet, King Lear). The Romances were a bit lighter in theme and featured elements of fantasy and magic (A Winter's Tale, The Tempest).
William Shakespeare is a hugely influential figure in English literature today. Students still analyse and discuss his works, and tourists from all over the world visit Stratford-upon-Avon to visit Shakespeare's house (pictured right). His importance inspired William Herschel in 1787 to name some of the moons known to be orbiting Uranus after characters in Shakespeare's plays.
In 1781, Uranus became the first planet to be "discovered". The other planets that were known of at the time (Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn) plus the Sun and the Moon had been observed for tens of thousands of years from Earth and already had names, named by the Greeks and Romans after their gods. Before 1781, nobody knew that Uranus existed and people thought there were only six planets in the Solar System. Although Uranus had already been spotted numerous times, it was English astronomer William Herschel who first recognised that Uranus was actually a planet and not a star. Because the planet was discovered by an English astronomer, not an ancient Roman or Greek, it was very nearly named Georgian Sidus ("George's Star"), in honour of England's ruler at the time, King George the Third. Unsurprisingly, the scientific community didn't really like this name, wanting the new planet to keep the tradition of being named after Roman or Greek gods. So the seventh planet in the Solar System became known as Uranus, a name suggested by German astronomer Johann Elert Bode.
In 1787, a few years after discovering Uranus, William Herschel discovered two large moons orbiting the planet. Wanting to honour his British background once more, Herschel decided this time to honour the greatest playwright in English history by naming the two moons after characters in one of his plays. The moons were named Titania and Oberon after the King and Queen of the Fairies in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. Again, some people (such as the German ambassador) kicked up a fuss, wanting the moons to be named after classical figures, but the names chosen by Herschel remained and the tradition of naming moons of Uranus after literary characters began. In 1851, William Lassell discovered two more large moons orbiting Uranus. These were named Ariel and Umbriel. Ariel and Umbriel are characters in Alexander Pope's The Rape of the Lock, names chosen by Willian Herschel's son, John. These are the only two moons orbiting Uranus named after characters in non-Shakespearean plays, although one of the main characters in The Tempest by Shakespeare is also named Ariel. The next moon to be discovered was in 1948 by American astronomer Gerard Kuiper. This moon was named Miranda, another character from The Tempest. It wasn't until Voyager visited Uranus in 1986 that any more moons were discovered. All of these moons, and all moons discovered since then have been named after characters in Shakespeare's plays. Even moons yet to be discovered will be named after Shakespeare's characters. He may have known his plays were pretty good back when he was writing them, but even Shakespeare wouldn't have imagined that his characters would one day become immortalised in worlds millions and millions of miles away from his home in Stratford!
Here is a list of all of the moons of Uranus, their size and location, the date they were discovered and where their names originate.
Very helpful when enquiring about a wheeliebin prompt service delivery next day.
. George Connor (25 February 2019)
Service rating : No problems, nice person on phone.
Product : No problems and nice person on phone. Margaret Barton (5 February 2019)
fast delivery, good sturdy bin just the job. Mark Gutteridge (1 February 2019)
Service rating : was good. easy to order from
Product : was good. works well . good colour John Hill (28 January 2019)
Was very prompt in replying to my order and very quick to deliver the wheelie bin.
My instruction as to where to put it for, security purposes was carried out exactly.
I would certainly recommend them to other people.
Perfect. Anonymous (24 January 2019)
Service rating : The service I got from 'wheeliebin' was excellent and the bin was too. I would have given them 5 stars but unfortunately the experience was marred by the courier service who held onto it for a week before delivering it. The lady at 'Wheeliebin' sorted it our for me and I wouldn't hesitate to use their services again. Shame the same can't be said for the couriers.
Product :... Anonymous (18 January 2019)
Service rating : Very good service at all stages of process, even when bin was delivered with a broken part. This was resolved smoothly
Product : It seems good but would need to use it for a while before I can give a verdict. Isabel Jimenez (18 January 2019)
Good over the phone advice and assistance with my order as my internet connection is poor. Keith Seeley (12 January 2019)
Service rating : The service in terms of delivery time was fantastic. On receiving the bin, the inside was filthy as if it was used before. On attempting to fill it with water it started to leak quite a bit of water which shouldn't be the case as it was also advertised for use as a paddling pool. I emailed the company the day I received the item regarding the above and have heard nothing else... James (9 January 2019) Service rating : Hi. Thank you for your feedback. I can see that my colleague is dealing with this matter for you and she will contact you directly to discuss further.
Product : Hi there. Please accept my apologies. From the images supplied to us it looks as though the bin is missing the dain plug at the bottom of it. I can see that a member of our Customer Services team is dealing with this for you. Many thanks for your patience.
YellowShield
Regular updates on order. Speedy delivery and excellent quality product. Sharon (22 December 2018)
Service rating : Not heard anything since purchase.....no date or time of arrival since order was placed. Would like to now in advance. It's the least you could do
Product : Where is it? Not got it and still waiting to hear when I'm going to receive it Anonymous (19 December 2018) Service rating : Hi. Thank you for taking the time to leave feedback. Apologies if you did not receive your order confirmation or shipment notification, I will look in to that for you. The lead time for this product is 7-10 working days and I can confirm that delivery will be made on Friday 21st december, which is within this time period. We do encourage our customers to contact us directly either by telephone 0800 0324280 or by email [email protected] if you have any queries regarding your order. Many thanks, and have a wonderful Christmas.
Product : Hi. Thank you for taking the time to leave feedback. Apologies if you did not receive your order confirmation or shipment notification, I will look in to that for you. The lead time for this product is 7-10 working days and I can confirm that delivery will be made on Friday 21st december, which is within this time period. We do encourage our customers to contact us directly either by telephone 0800 0324280 or by email [email protected] if you have any queries regarding your order. Many thanks, and have a wonderful Christmas. YellowShield
Service rating : Easy to order and quick service
Product : Great bins and just what we needed Anonymous (12 December 2018)
Service rating : Easy to order online. Quick delivery. Definitely use again.
Product : Good quality and fit the bins well Anonymous (9 December 2018)
Excellent Anonymous (1 December 2018)
Service rating : Good service, fast delivery.
Product : All good no problem at all. Elleace Miah (28 November 2018)
Service rating : Easy Web site, easy payment, less than 24 hours from start to finish. Thank you.
Product : Exactly what we needed and a fair price. Chris (27 November 2018)
24-hour service Guest (17 November 2018)
Service rating : Very good service I'm please with the way you handle my order
Product : very good service I'm please with way you handle my order
Thank you so much Les Thomas (12 November 2018)
Excellent to deal with, bin arrived next day and we are delighted with it and service - thank you Michael Walsh (12 November 2018)
Shares 97 Email
A scan popped up on Twitter today from Nintendo Dream magazine in Japan showing bits of info for both Sonic Mania and Project Sonic 2017 on Nintendo Switch. While nothing of note was said of Sonic Mania, we got a few small bits about Project Sonic 2017, but nothing mind-blowing.
Twitter user PushDustin has the issue on hand and was able to translate the info about Project Sonic 2017, below are what was said:
The Switch version is 1-player-only and supports “all kinds” of the Switch's play modes, one specified naturally was “TV”, but other Switch modes (though not mentioned by PushDustin) are Tabletop-Mode and Portable mode. So far the latter two weren't specified, but there's no reason why this would not be the case for the game.
It's an Action-Adventure game, but curiously it's literally listed as a “cave exploring action adventure game”, but PushDustin notes not to take that literally.
You have to protect the world from devastation from Eggman's Death Egg Robots using 2 Sonics.
Lastly, PushDustin just says “Sonic's new adventure begins”.
As said, this is nothing mind-blowing, we'll likely get our first major bits of info from the upcoming SXSW panel on March 16th for Project Sonic 2017.
Special thanks go to BlueParadox for posting the scan, and again to PushDustin for the translations.
The Pacific Island nation of Kiribati lies seven feet above sea level on average. But scientists say it's drowning. PostTV asked Kiribati president Anote Tong how he's planning for a future that might find his entire country submerged in the Pacific Ocean. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
The island of Kiritimati is one of the world's most remote places — one of several dozen atolls making up the tiny island nation of Kiribati, a speck in the Pacific Ocean more than a thousand miles south of Hawaii. But, isolated as it is, news of its devastated coral is turning heads around the world. A recent expedition has revealed that the reefs around Kiritimati have suffered a catastrophic mass die-off — an event that epitomizes what may be an ugly truth about the ability of coral reefs around the world to adapt to the growing threat of climate change.
The situation at Kiritimati came to light during an expedition last month headed by researchers Julia Baum from the University of Victoria and Kim Cobb of Georgia Tech. They expected bad news before they even arrived — after all, the island is in the part of the world's most strongly affected by the past year's unusually severe El Niño event. Abnormally warm water temperatures have plagued the region for months, and as recently as November, research expeditions had observed widespread coral bleaching, disease and even some coral death as a result.
But Baum, who has studied coral in the area for years, was not wholly prepared for the devastation she met with upon arrival. She and her team estimate that about 80 percent of all the coral around the island are now dead. Another 15 percent appear to be bleached, but still alive — and Baum estimates that only around 5 percent are actually healthy. Much of the dead coral has been covered over with a fuzzy, red algae, giving the reef a haunting appearance.
A dead reef covered in turf algae. The mass mortality event at Christmas Island is believed to be one of the worst casualties of the ongoing global bleaching event. (Image credit: Kristina Tietjen)
“It was a horror show,” Baum said. “Rationally I know what's happened, but emotionally it's very hard to accept it. It seems like it can't possibly be real that this vibrant, healthy reef that I've been working on so long and studying so intensely — specifically because it was one of the healthiest reefs in the world — that it could just be dramatically transformed in a matter of months into this graveyard.”
[Huge swaths of the Great Barrier Reef are seeing ‘severe' coral bleaching, scientists say]
Scientists believe that the mass die-off around Kiritimati — also known as Christmas Island — is one of the worst casualties in a larger coral bleaching event that's taking place all over the world. And now, some experts are saying the events could signal an even more disturbing revelation — the idea that we're reaching a point where many coral reef ecosystems may not be able to adapt to the relentless progression of climate change.
“Dangerous” climate change
A primary concern of world leaders is keeping global warming from climbing above a threshold that would constitute “dangerous” climate change — the point at which damaging and likely irreversible events would become widespread on Earth. That goal has been a global focus since the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) was first established, with language calling for “stabilization of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system.”
But that's not all the convention says. In the next sentence, it also says such stabilization should happen in a time frame “sufficient to allow ecosystems to adapt naturally to climate change.”
The recent deterioration of the world's coral reefs suggest that this objective may have already been breached, notes Thomas Lovejoy, a conservationist and a professor at George Mason University. “Abrupt changes in ecosystems like tropical coral reefs show we are already beyond ecosystems adapting naturally,” he said in an email to The Washington Post.
Lovejoy isn't the only scientist willing to make this point.
“From a global perspective, the level of warming is about to enter the danger zone for coral reefs and it is certainly arguable that it is already too late for some of these systems to ‘adapt naturally,'” said Michael Oppenheimer, a professor of geosciences and international affairs at Princeton University. Oppenheimer is one of many scientists who have in fact long pointed toward coral reefs as one of the first places that truly irreversible climate changes might manifest themselves.
“We and others thought coral reefs would be the first global indicator of emergence of dangerous warming and events have borne out that expectation,” Oppenheimer said.
Bleaching is a common reaction to environmental stress. While corals are living animals themselves, they survive by maintaining a symbiotic relationship with certain types of algae, which actually live inside the corals and are responsible for their brilliant colors. If a coral becomes stressed, though — for instance, if the surrounding water becomes too warm — it will expel its algae, bleaching a ghostly white in the process.
Bleaching doesn't kill the corals right away — in fact, if the environment stabilizes in enough time, the corals can regrow their algae and return to business as usual. But bleaching does leave corals weakened and more susceptible to disease, and if the bleaching condition lasts long enough — or if too many bleaching events occur in a row — then the corals may die.
This type of “single-species interaction,” according to Lovejoy — in this case, the reliance of coral on algae — is part of what makes ecosystems so vulnerable. “These responses are fairly hard to predict I would think, but suggest that ecosystems are far more sensitive to climate change than climate models can actually predict,” he noted. “In other words we are in for a lot of unpleasant surprises.”
The current bleaching event has affected reefs throughout the tropics — including much of the Pacific and parts of the Indian Ocean, the Atlantic and the Caribbean basin — and is largely thanks to the onset of a particularly severe El Niño event in 2015, which has resulted in unusually warm water temperatures in many regions.
So far, the corals at Christmas Island appear to have suffered the most worldwide, but severe bleaching has also been observed in Florida, Hawaii, American Samoa and Australia, among other places. Just last month, in fact, a new survey concluded that Australia's Great Barrier Reef was experiencing its worst bleaching event in history.
There are likely several reasons this year's bleaching is so severe. First, the recent El Niño has been unusually strong. But there's also the fact that this is the third major bleaching event in the past couple of decades, with each one leaving the affected corals a little weaker.
The first of the last three events took place in 1998, corresponding with another unusually strong El Niño. The next event hit in 2010 in conjunction with another El Niño event, albeit a much more moderate one. And finally, last year, the third event struck.
“These bleaching events are coming more quickly, they are more severe and there are a number of coral reefs around the world that just are not being given enough time to truly recover between events,” said Mark Eakin, a coral reef specialist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. “You're looking at ecosystems that are being changed substantially.”
This is where climate change comes into play. It may appear that the last few El Niño events are to blame for all the bleaching events, but experts are increasingly certain that climate change is operating in combination with the effects of El Niño. And even after this year's event abates, the oceans will continue warming, meaning it may not take such a strong El Niño event in the future to trigger these kinds of widespread bleachings.
Thus the major problem now is that these environmental changes are occurring too quickly for may reefs to catch up. Even when reefs recover — which can take years or even decades — their overall community structure is often different than it was before a bleaching event. Reefs that were once dominated by large, slow-growing species, for instance, may be repopulated after a bleaching event with different, faster-growing species.
“The ecosystems are being changed — they are not adapting in the sense that they're not able to respond to these high temperature conditions and still be the same robust ecosystems they were,” Eakin said. “What's happening is the ecosystems are being broken down in many ways and you're being left with a coral reef that is not as diverse, that is not able to function as well, that basically is not as healthy as it was previously.”
When it comes to stabilizing emissions fast enough to “allow ecosystems to adapt naturally,” “generally I would say that we are at a point where we may already have breached that goal,” Eakin said.
A look ahead
It may look like a grim prognosis for many of the world's corals, but experts aren't predicting a death sentence for all the planet's reefs. Depending on an ecosystem's composition and the other environmental factors affecting it — fishing pressure and pollution, for instance — some will likely fare better than others. Furthermore, scientists believe that even some of the worst-affected places may actually hold clues that could help conservationists better protect reefs in the future.
At Christmas Island, Baum noticed that while a majority of the corals had died off, a few species — which she dubs “miracle corals” — seemed to fare better than others. A coral known as Porites, for instance, seemed to be among the most resilient.
“How is it that those 5 percent of the corals in the exact same conditions as all the other corals around them that have died — how is it that these have managed to survive?” Baum said. “That's the million-dollar question.”
Baum and her team have taken hundreds of samples from the corals around Christmas Island and brought them to the Hawaii Institute of Marine Biology for analysis. They hope that the samples may hold some clues to what makes some species so resilient. It's possible that certain types of symbiotic algae are more heat-resistant than others, or that some of the hardier species of corals had more energy reserves built up before they bleached.
How the Christmas Island reefs will fare in the future remains uncertain. The area may repopulate with coral over a period of years or even decades, and Baum's “miracle corals” will likely play a major role in this recovery if it's successful.
“The big question is how long is that going to take and will this reef look fundamentally different after this event than it did before,” said Kim Cobb, a professor at Georgia Tech who specializes in using coral samples to reconstruct climate patterns and who has also conducted work at Christmas Island for years. “And that's a very important question that speaks to the longer-term evolution of coral reefs under continued temperature extremes.”
Meanwhile, because Christmas Island has suffered some of the worst impacts of this year's El Niño event, it's possible that its fate could also serve as a warning for what may await other reefs in less-affected parts of the world as the climate continues to change.
“This happens to be an example that, as a record-breaking El Niño on top of continued ocean warming related to climate change, I do think is an appropriate case study and a very important case study for understanding the long-term evolution of reefs under continued climate change,” Cobb said.
Chris Mooney contributed to this report.
Read more at Energy & Environment:
This huge region of Brazil is even more deforested than the Amazon
Tesla's Model 3 orders are through the roof. Here's what that means for the planet
Greenland and Antarctic melt isn't just raising seas — it's changing the Earth's rotation
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.
July 22, 2015
Network Should ‘Throw In the Towel' on Censorship of Ammo Company Logo
Light Heavyweight World Champion Sergey Kovalev defends his title against Nadjib Mohammedi live Saturday, July 25, on HBO. The Russian fighter has fought his way to the top with notable victories over former light heavyweight world champions Gabriel Campillo, Nathan Cleverly, Bernard Hopkins and Jean Pascal. Kovalev's latest fight against Pascal pulled in 1.2 million viewers on HBO.
Now, as he prepares for his biggest fight to-date, and first in Las Vegas, his sponsors have told NSSF that HBO is demanding Kovalev remove the logo of Tulammo USA, a Round Rock, Texas-based ammo manufacturing company, from his boxing trunks. Kovalev has not made a public response, but his relationship with the company is a close one. The fighter appeared at Tulammo's SHOT Show booth this past January.
This isn't the first time a network has taken a punch at gun companies. Last year, Daniel Defense wasn't allowed to purchase advertisement time during the Super Bowl despite complying with NFL policies. And again in 2012 FOX Sports Media Group banned advertisements featuring firearms and ammunition from its coverage of Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) events.
Now, HBO seems to have decided to use the sporting arena as stage for a political debate. TV networks are certainly free to decide what they broadcast, but the typical daily HBO fare of murder, mayhem and the glorified misuse of firearms suggests a certain degree of hypocrisy in HBO's reported decision to ban the simple logo of a company that manufactures ammunition. It is strange that a media company such as HBO has decided to infringe on the First Amendment rights of the boxer and Tulammo by censoring what can be printed on a pair of trunks. The network is known for sometimes-violent programming such as True Detective, The Wire and The Sopranos (which coincidently featured a handgun in its logo). Would HBO have the same inclination to censor any of their show writers or their famous talking head Bill Maher. Would they dare censor their content for political reasons?
In the fight of HBO vs. Tulammo we won't know the victor until Kovalev appears Saturday night. But a decision by HBO to ban advertisements for lawful products is, in boxing terms, ‘a low blow,' and we suggest that the network just as soon ‘throw in the towel.'
New HIV infections and deaths from AIDS are decreasing, the United Nations said on Wednesday, making it possible to control the epidemic by 2030 and eventually end it "in every region, every country."
"More than ever before, there is hope that ending AIDS is possible. However, a business-as-usual approach or simply sustaining the AIDS response at its current pace cannot end the epidemic," the U.N. program UNAIDS said in a global report issued ahead of an AIDS conference in Melbourne, Australia, next week.
Despite the promising signs of progress, the U.N. also said that HIV was still at epidemic levels across much of the world, and that without access to treatments in poorer countries, the virus was likely to continue to spread.
The U.N.'s report said the number of people infected with HIV was stabilizing at around 35 million worldwide. The epidemic has killed some 39 million of the 78 million people it has affected since it began in the 1980s.
"The AIDS epidemic can be ended in every region, every country, in every location, in every population and every community," Michel Sidibe, the director of UNAIDS, said in the report. "There are multiple reasons why there is hope and conviction about this goal."
The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which causes AIDS, can be transmitted via blood, breast milk or semen, but can be kept in check with cocktails of drugs known as antiretroviral therapy.
Recently, many medical experts have also been pushing for increased use of antiretrovirals as a preventive measure in high-risk communities. A once-a-day pill called Truvada can prevent the spread of HIV, and has gained popularity in the LGBT community in the U.S. But Truvada and other antiretrovirals are prohibitively expensive for those without insurance in the U.S. and for many in developing countries, where AIDS has proved most deadly.
UNAIDS said that at the end of 2013, some 12.9 million HIV-positive people had access to antiretroviral therapy — a dramatic improvement on the 10 million who were on treatment just one year earlier and the 5 million who were getting AIDS drugs in 2010.
Since 2001, new HIV infections have fallen by 38 percent, it said. AIDS deaths have fallen 35 percent since a peak in 2005.
"The world has witnessed extraordinary changes in the AIDS landscape. There have been more achievements in the past five years than in the preceding 23 years," the report said.
The U.N. report said ending the AIDS epidemic by 2030 would mean the spread of HIV was being controlled or contained, and that the impact of the virus in societies and in people's lives had been reduced by significant declines in ill health, stigma, deaths and the number of AIDS orphans.
"It means increased life expectancy, unconditional acceptance of people's diversity and rights, and increased productivity and reduced costs as the impact diminishes."
According to UNAIDS, $19.1 billion was available from all sources for the AIDS response in 2013, and the estimated annual need by 2015 is currently between $22 billion and $24 billion.
Sidibe said the international community should seize the opportunity to turn the epidemic around.
"We have a fragile five-year window to build on the rapid results that been made," he said. "If we accelerate all HIV scale-up by 2020, we will be on track to end the epidemic by 2030. If not, we risk significantly increasing the time it would take — adding a decade, if not more."
He said controlling the epidemic by 2030 would avert 18 million new HIV infections and 11.2 million AIDS deaths between 2013 and 2030.
In 2011, U.N. member states agreed to a target of getting HIV treatment to 15 million people by 2015. As countries scaled up treatment coverage, and evidence showed how treating HIV early also reduces its spread, the World Health Organization set new guidelines last year, expanding the number of people needing treatment by more than 10 million.
There are still big challenges ahead for containing the virus. First and foremost, access to drugs and other therapies must be made more readily available in low-income countries, according to Jennifer Cohn, medical director of the access campaign for the charity Doctors Without Borders.
"Providing lifesaving HIV treatment to nearly 12 million people in the developing world is a significant achievement, but more than half of people in need still do not have access," she said. "We know that early treatment helps prevent transmission of HIV and keeps people healthy; we need to respond to HIV in all contexts and make treatment accessible to everyone in need as soon as possible."
Al Jazeera and wire services
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University Yale University
YALE (US) — Brain receptors that are often altered in people with schizophrenia and Alzheimer's may play a role in our ability to store and manipulate thoughts on a sort of mental sketch pad.
Good mental health and clear thinking depend upon our ability to generate mental representations in our brains without any sensory stimulation from the environment. These cognitive abilities arise from highly evolved circuits in the prefrontal cortex.
“Insults to these highly evolved cortical circuits impair the ability to create and maintain our mental representations of the world, which is the basis of higher cognition,” says Amy Arnsten, professor of neurobiology at Yale University and senior author of the paper published in the journal Neuron.
[sources]
Mathematical models by former Yale neurobiologist Xiao-Jing Wang, now of New York University, predicted that in order to maintain these visual representations the prefrontal cortex must rely on a family of receptors that allow for slow, steady firing of neurons.
New work by Arnsten and colleagues shows that NMDA-NR2B receptors involved in glutamate signaling regulate this neuronal firing. These receptors, studied at Yale for more than a decade, are responsible for activity of highly evolved brain circuits found especially in primates.
Earlier studies have shown these types of NMDA receptors are often altered in patients with schizophrenia. The recent study suggests that those suffering from the disease may be unable to hold onto a stable view of the world.
Also, these receptors seem to be altered in Alzheimer's patients, which may contribute to the cognitive deficits of dementia.
Work in the lab of John Krystal, chair of the department of psychiatry at Yale, indicates that the anesthetic ketamine, abused as a street drug, blocks NMDA receptors and can mimic some of the symptoms of schizophrenia.
The current study in Neuron suggests that ketamine may reduce the firing of the same higher-order neural circuits that are decimated in schizophrenia.
“Identifying the receptor needed for higher cognition may help us to understand why certain genetic insults lead to cognitive impairment and will help us to develop strategies for treating these debilitating disorders,” Arnsten says.
The National Institutes of Health supported the study.
Source: Yale University
Najam Speaks in Geneva at the Luc Hoffmann Institute
Speaking at a special event hosted by the Luc Hoffmann Institute to introduce the institute's new research strategy, Dean Adil Najam of the Boston University Pardee School of Global Studies, urged the conservation community to raise their ambitions and adapt to the new realities of a ‘post-truth' planet where the need to link knowledge to policy is stronger today than it has ever been before.
Najam, who also serves as the current Chair of the Institute's scientific advisory board, stressed that there is a great urgency of action but also enough knowledge to justify it. Yes, policy is stuck in doubt that is exacerbated by a global doubt in a ‘post-truth' environment. He urged those working in the area of biodiversity and conversation to respond by setting their goals high and coming together to create strategies for action that match the scale of the challenges we face today.
The ‘New Horizons for the Luc Hoffmann Institute' event was held at the headquarters of IUCN and WWF, near Geneva, on June 19, 2017, and brought together a large number of practitioners, policymakers and scholars of conservation and biodiversity. The event also included remarks from Lynda Mansson (Director General, MAVA Foundation), Jon Hutton (Director, Luc Hoffmann Institute), André Hoffmann (President, MAVA Foundation Board), and Marco Lambertini (Director General, WWF International).
The Luc Hoffman Institute was created by WWF and the MAVA Foundation in 2011 to create stronger links between biodiversity science and conservation action. At this event the Institute unveiled its new research strategy to launch the second phase of its activities. The focus will shift from a project base to developing solutions through convening, providing thought leadership for new conservation approaches, incubating emerging ideas, providing insights into new challenges and conducting rapid-response dialogues.
Adil Najam is the inaugural dean of the Pardee School and a professor of international relations and also of earth and environment at Boston University. His research focuses on issues of global public policy, especially those related to global climate change, South Asia, Muslim countries, environment and development, and human development. Najam was a co-author for the Third and Fourth Assessments of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC); work for which the scientific panel was awarded the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize for advancing the public understanding of climate change science.
President Obama expressed confidence in an interview that aired Thursday that the U.S. is on guard against a Paris-style attack by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
"What I try to do is to make sure that people understand the threat is real, we have to be vigilant, but we also can't panic and we can't respond out of fear," Obama said in the CBS News interview.
ADVERTISEMENT
"ISIL is not going to pose an existential threat to us," he continued, using an alternate acronym for ISIS, adding, "they are a dangerous organization like al Qaeda was, but we have hardened our defenses. Our homeland has never been more protected by more effective intelligence and law enforcement professionals at every level than they are now."
The president also told CBS that coordination among law enforcement is stronger than previously. "If you look at the number of successful terrorist attacks that have occurred, you know, we have disrupted a lot of them, but the dangers are still there and so we just have to keep things in perspective," Obama told the network.
Obama made the remarks in an interview taped Wednesday, shortly after a mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., that killed at least 14 people.
While it is not yet known whether Malik had ties to the terrorist group or was merely expressing support, the connection to ISIS could put the White House on the defensive.
The president came under fire last month for saying that ISIS had been geographically "contained," a remark that was broadcast just hours before the terrorist attacks in Paris that left 130 dead. Since then, investigators have worked to establish a motive for the attack. On Friday, multiple news outlets reported that U.S. officials said one of the suspects, Tashfeen Malik, had posted allegiance to ISIS under a Facebook alias.While it is not yet known whether Malik had ties to the terrorist group or was merely expressing support, the connection to ISIS could put the White House on the defensive.The president came under fire last month for saying that ISIS had been geographically "contained," a remark that was broadcast just hours before the terrorist attacks in Paris that left 130 dead.
With fall right around the corner (sorry, but it is!) I've been collecting recipes for cooking acorn squash, and other fall veggies.
There are lots of recipes for baked acorn squash, but of course I wanted to cook my acorn squash in my favorite new appliance- the Instant Pot!
Here is how I prepare acorn squash in the Instant Pot.
Equipment:
I've talked before about how my grapefruit spoon is my very favorite kitchen tool! 😀 It's perfect for scraping out the insides / seeds of your squash.
Find out what my favorite and must have Instant Pot accessories are!
Ingredients
Acorn Squash
1 cup filtered water
Instructions:
Wash / scrub your acorn squash. Pour 1 cup of water into the Instant Pot- add the trivet. Set the acorn squash on the trivet. Place the lid on the Instant Pot, making sure the valve is set to “sealing” Set the timer for Manual – 8 minutes. When time is up, use the quick release method. Your squash will not be fully cooked (yet!) Let the squash cool for a few minutes. Carefully, using oven mitts, remove the squash and cut it in half. Using your trusty grapefruit spoon, scoop the seeds out of the middle. Replace your two halves back into the Instant Pot. Place the lid on, again, making sure the valve is set to “sealing”. Set the time for Manual – 8 minutes. Use quick release to release pressure.
Not a whole lot to Instant Pot acorn squash! Try my recipe for Instant Pot Acorn Squash- Breakfast Style!
Or use the acorn squash as a delicious bowl for serving instant pot stuffing!
Looking for more Instant Pot Inspiration? Try Sticky Chicken in the Instant Pot – makes an EXCELLENT easy paleo weeknight meal!
There are lots of recipes for “baked” acorn squash- I would love to hear how you use yours!
Jeff Flake is in full rebellion against Trump. How much longer before other elephants turn their backs on the president or the party?
The delays and defeats that have engulfed the GOP congressional agenda so far this year, and the chaos and controversy emanating nearly every day from the White House, are part of a larger partisan story: The Republican elephant is hardly the trumpeting, stampeding beast it seemed to be after winning the trifecta (the House, Senate, and presidency) last November. Now that the relief over not losing any winnable House special elections this year is wearing off, the GOP is looking down the barrel of a very difficult midterm election. The single best measure of the standing of the two parties heading into 2018, the generic congressional ballot (which simply asks respondents which party they'd like to control the U.S. House) is beginning to tilt heavily against them.
The Real Clear Politics polling average for the generic ballot now gives Democrats a 8.9 percent lead (47.7/38.8). That's a larger margin than the one democrat posted in 2006, when they picked up 31 seats and gained control of the House for the first time in over a decade. A historical model developed by political scientist Alan Abramowitz also shows an eight-point deficit in the generic ballot leading to a predicted 30-seat loss. And the trend lines this year have been very clearly pushing the Democratic margin higher.
Meanwhile, the president's approval ratings have remained stagnant, with some signs of gradual deterioration. Real Clear Politics' polling average for presidential job approval is currently at 39/56. Gallup, the traditional monitor of presidential popularity, has his approval rate at 38 percent. Two recent presidents headed for midterm disasters, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton, were at 54 percent and 44 percent at this stage of their presidencies.
These hard, cold numbers take on fresh import when you consider the strong possibility of further unproductive gridlock in Congress, more chaos in the White House, and perhaps a real-world crisis or two. At some point, vulnerable Republicans facing voters will be strongly tempted to separate themselves from an unpopular president and an unproductive party. And worse yet, intense hostility to Trump continues to outweigh intense support for him in his party's base — a very bad sign for a midterm election where likelihood to vote is always depressed from presidential-election levels. Even one of the relatively benign recent polls of Trump's popularity, from Politico/Morning Consult, which shows his approval ratio as 42/53, is showing a dangerous trend:
“In our poll taken immediately following President Trump's inauguration, 31 percent of independent voters disapproved of him,” said Morning Consult Co-founder and Chief Research Officer Kyle Dropp. “In this latest poll, that number has nearly doubled to 56 percent. What's more, the percentage of voters who ‘strongly' disapprove has jumped from 23 percent to 41 percent in that same time period.”
And the percentage of voters “strongly approving” of Trump languishes at 22 percent.
If this pattern persists, with Trump gradually mobilizing a majority of Americans against him and congressional Republicans seeing their 2018 prospects sinking, we could look back and see this week as an inflection point. The Senate, locus of the latest legislative disaster, and the current object of presidential fury, is suddenly full of Republicans who are sounding fed up, as the Washington Post reports today:
The relationship between President Trump and Senate Republicans has deteriorated so sharply in recent days that some are openly defying his directives, bringing long-simmering tensions to a boil as the GOP labors to reorient its stalled legislative agenda …
Some are describing the dynamic in cold, transactional terms, speaking of Trump as more of a supporting actor than the marquee leader of the Republican Party. If he can help advance their plans, then great, they say. If not, so be it.
“We work for the American people. We don't work for the president,” Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.) said.
One senator has gone into open rebellion: Jeff Flake of Arizona.
Flake, who is generally considered one of the two GOP senators in most danger of losing a general election next year, has just published a book (with the evocative title, Conscience of a Conservative, which was also the title of Barry Goldwater's famous 1960 manifesto) that not only criticizes Donald Trump as a demagogic opportunist who has executed a hostile takeover of the GOP, but also describes “Trumpism” as equivalent to the John Birch Society as a threat to the integrity of conservatism.
The fact that Flake chose to launch this sort of frontal assault on the president and his followers, inviting a certain primary challenge, illustrates the intra-party tensions just under the surface in many parts of the country. Yes, the GOP has accommodated itself, with varying degrees of enthusiasm and sincerity, to its new leader. But if things don't soon begin to turn around in Washington, the number of Republicans who decide they won't go down with a ship captained by the man from Mar-a-Lago could begin to rise. There's no telling how the president would react to spreading apostasy, but it probably wouldn't be pretty.
Using data compiled by Nielsen and Univision, TheWrap reported that in 2014 Latinos made up at least 20% of the opening-week audience for the highest-grossing summer movies. As Chris Aronson, Fox's president of domestic distribution, told TheWrap: "You don't have a major hit without Hispanic moviegoers."
Asians, whom the MPAA includes in the category "other," come in last among frequent moviegoers in simple numbers, but for their population, they outdistanced whites in 2013: "others" made up 8% of the population, according to the MPAA, and 7% of frequent moviegoers. And from a global perspective, their native countries, especially China, are a huge market for Hollywood, which hasn't gone unnoticed at the studios.
"Transformers: Age of Extinction," the No. 1 box-office draw in China in 2014, contained Chinese product placements and a Hong Kong action sequence, with roles for Chinese actors. But though he liked the movie, one fan wasn't taken in by the outreach. "Too many advertisements," he told the Guardian newspaper. "If they included more content about Chinese families, or Chinese culture, that might be more interesting."
That essential message — a bigger narrative universe requiring more non-white leads, second leads and ensembles — hasn't taken hold in major motion pictures. A study by the University of Southern California of the 100 top-grossing films of 2012 found that Latinos are the most underrepresented group on screen, with only 4% of speaking roles, while Asian actors account for 5%, and blacks (approaching their percentage of the population), 11%.
It's time to evacuate the Android dance floor—lest you be infected by the sound.
Two new critical vulnerabilities in Google's mobile operating system announced by security researchers on Thursday put more than a billion Android devices at risk of being hacked. That means “almost every Android device” is affected, ranging from Android version 1.0 to the latest version 5.0, also known as “lollipop,” the researcher said.
Attackers can exploit these computer bugs by tricking users into visiting websites that host malicious MP3 or MP4 files. Once a victim previews one of these infected multimedia files, which commonly package music or video, that person's machine can swiftly be compromised. The issue involves how Android processes these files' metadata through a media playback engine named Stagefright.
This is not the first time that researchers have found this portion of Android's code to be massively vulnerable. Zimperium zLabs, the mobile security firm that discovered the flaws, disclosed a set of seven monumental Stragefright bugs earlier this year. Those vulnerabilities could have enabled hackers to hijack as many as 950 million Android devices through a single infected multimedia text message.
Like the first set of Stagefright bugs, the latest couple—dubbed “Stagefright 2.0” by the researchers—allows attackers to take control of a compromised device and to access its data, photos, camera, and microphone. Taken together, the new issues are even more pervasive as they affect more devices.
The first of the new bugs—labeled CVE-2015-6602—affects nearly every Android device released since the first generation of the software debuted in 2008. The second bug—CVE-2015-3876—impacts versions 5.0 and up, and makes the problems easier to trigger.
Fortune spoke to Zuk Avraham, founder and chairman of Zimperium, about the firm's findings. Although he withheld certain information (to prevent others from taking advantage of the bugs), he did compare them to the first generation Stagefright flaws. “It's as critical a vulnerability,” he said. “It can do the same kind of damage.”
Since Google (GOOG) has, as a result of the first Stagefright disclosures, patched the mechanism in its Hangouts and Messenger apps by which Android automatically processed media files upon receipt, that means exploiting Stagefright 2.0 requires a different tactic. Simply sending an infected MP3 or MP4 filed to a victim will not immediately detonate its payload. Instead, the attacker must trick a recipient into either viewing a video or listening to a song via a compromised network, through a web browser, or through a vulnerable instant messenger, media player, or other third-party app.
Avraham added that his team had not invested the time to determine which apps and media players in particular might be vulnerable, since many of these are vendor or carrier-specific and would have taken too long given the variety of applications within the fragmented Android manufacturing ecosystem. Android devices of the version 5.0 and above, however, don't need the additionally vulnerable apps, he said. These devices instead can be “hacked out of the box.”
Joshua Drake, who headed research on this project as well as the prior work, disclosed the bugs to Google on August 15. “These issues are equally exploitable as the original Stagefright issues,” Drake told Fortune via email, passed along by a spokesperson. They “have been assigned a critical rating by the Android Security Team under the following clause,” he continued, pointing to an Android security resources page that contains severity ratings.
Under “critical” one finds the following: “Remote privileged code execution (execution at a privilege level that third-party apps cannot obtain.” That's the bucket Stagefright 2.0 falls under.
A Google spokesperson told Fortune via email that the company already has patches in the queue. “As announced in August, Android is using a monthly security update process,” the spokesperson said, referencing the company's decision to release fixes on a more regular schedule in the wake of the first Stagefright disclosures. “Issues including the ones Zimperium reported, will be patched in the October Monthly Security Update for Android rolling out Monday, October 5th and will be posted about here.”
That means patches will be publicly available for the company's Nexus devices starting Oct. 5th. The spokesperson told Fortune that the company provided fixes to its Android manufacturing partners and carriers on Sept. 10, and that it is working with those companies “to deliver updates as soon as possible.” Attacks exploiting the bugs have not yet been reported in the wild, the spokesperson said.
Fortune is still waiting to learn when Android's partnering phone manufacturers plan to roll out their patches. We will update this story when we hear back.
You can find out whether your device is vulnerable using Zimperium's Stagefright detector app, which is available in the Google Play Store. In the meantime, be extra cautious of the media you download. Stop these beats from killing you.
Do not—I repeat, do not—let the music take you underground.
For more on Stagefright, watch this video below.
Subscribe to Data Sheet, Fortune's daily business-tech newsletter.
“Don't have, or stop having sex,” is the message one Catholic Church leader is giving those of his faithful who have broken with tradition, based on a recent document from Pope Francis “on the nature of family life and marital love.”
“Live as brother and sister,” wrote Philadelphia's Archbishop Charles Caput to unmarried Catholics, divorced Catholics, and those re-married outside the Catholic Church, in order for them to receive sacraments like Holy Communion and Penance, commonly known as confession. And although he stopped short of saying, “live as brother and brother,” the leader of Philly's flock did address gay Catholics:
“Catholic belief, rooted in Scripture, reserves all expressions of sexual intimacy to a man and a woman covenanted to each other in a valid marriage,” Caput wrote in Friday's letter on the archdiocesan website, calling it an “unchangeable” tenet.
“Those with predominant same-sex attractions are therefore called to struggle to live chastely for the kingdom of God. In this endeavor they have need of support, friendship and understanding if they fail. They should be counseled, like everyone else, to have frequent recourse to the Sacrament of Penance, where they should be treated with gentleness and compassion. In fact, more than a few such persons, with the help of grace and the sacraments, do live exemplary and even heroic Christian lives.”
Caput suggested outright rejection of gay couples who actively express their love and don't conceal their attraction: “…two persons in an active, public same-sex relationship, no matter how sincere, offer a serious counter-witness to Catholic belief, which can only produce moral confusion in the community,” he wrote.
“Such a relationship cannot be accepted into the life of the parish without undermining the faith of the community, most notably the children. “Finally, those living openly same-sex lifestyles should not hold positions of responsibility in a parish, nor should they carry out any liturgical ministry or function.”
Caput acknowledged in his letter his six pages of guidelines to clergy and other archdiocesan leaders are “a hard teaching,” meant to provide direction on implementing Amoris Laetitia, the Pope's document on the family issued in April. Amoris Laetitia is Latin for “the joy of love.”
The archbishop's guidelines are believed to be the first of their kind issued by any American diocese, according to the Philadelphia Inquirer.
This Story Filed Under
The People's Rights Amendment will overrule the Citizens United v. FEC case and return the First Amendment to its longstanding purpose as a guarantee of the fullest rights of a free people and the press. The People's Rights Amendment will overrule the fabrication by activist judges of a “corporate rights doctrine” to defeat democratically enacted laws, and will restore the First Amendment to its meaning and intent for two centuries. The Amendment will ensure that all people have the most robust freedom of conscience, speech and debate and that a vibrant, diverse press remains free and unfettered, thus strengthening, rather than weakening, democracy.
The Free Speech for People Campaign will work with others to develop specific language for the People's Rights Amendment. Here is one example of language for the People's Rights Amendment:
Amendment XXVIII Section 1. We the people who ordain and establish this Constitution intend the rights protected by this Constitution to be the rights of natural persons.
Section 2. People, person, or persons as used in this Constitution does not include corporations, limited liability companies or other corporate entities established by the laws of any state, the United States, or any foreign state, and such corporate entities are subject to such regulation as the people, through their elected state and federal representatives, deem reasonable and are otherwise consistent with the powers of Congress and the States under this Constitution.
Section 3. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to limit the people's rights of freedom of speech, freedom of the press, free exercise of religion, and such other rights of the people, which rights are inalienable.
Please send your suggestions.
Image caption The BBC Look North EU debate was held in the Alhambra Theatre in Bradford
Ex-MP Matthew Parris says there has been "scaremongering" by both sides ahead of the referendum.
He said he was "uncomfortable" with Leave supporters conjuring up "millions of Turks coming here" and with the Remain side inventing "a nightmare of things being cut".
He was speaking during an EU debate, filmed in Bradford and aired on Sunday.
The panel included Labour MP Caroline Flint for Remain and Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns for Leave.
Following the prime minister warning Brexit could cause a "black hole" in the public finances, Mr Parris said: "All David Cameron can say is that if our economy takes a big knock, then nothing is secure."
The debate tackled topics including agriculture, immigration and the economy.
Ms Flint, Don Valley MP, said: "If we get the economic shock of coming out of the EU, then governments are going to have to make some tough choices about how they pay for pensions in the future as well as other parts of the economy if we go back into recession."
Image caption Half the panel was supporting Remain, while the other half was pushing Leave
Ms Jenkyns, MP for Morley and Outwood, argued: "We wouldn't have had to have such strong austerity measures if we weren't sending so much money over to the EU, so we can invest the money ourselves into our own country."
The Panel
Caroline Flint, Labour MP for Don Valley
Matthew Parris, journalist and former Derbyshire MP
Farnaz Khan, entrepreneur from Bradford
Alan Halsall - Skipton businessman
Andrea Jenkyns, Conservative MP for Morley and Outwood
Kashif Hussain, political blogger
EU referendum issues guide: Explore the arguments
A referendum on 23 June will decide whether Britain should leave or remain.
No company can be this inept.
After a string of high-profile mistakes, one of which almost cost them this Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) superstar, Reebok has once again botched a mixed martial art (MMA) shirt, creating the legendary "Anderson 'The Spider' Aldo."
They either don't care at this point, or simply enjoy trolling the combat sports community.
Bloody Elbow with the pic:
Only $35!
Don't bother rushing to the Reebok website to get your hands on this one, as the big weekend blowout emptied the organization's considerable reserves. Either that, or the chat specialist called into question didn't realize the offending shirt has since been removed from online store.
From Sherdog:
SELLING LIKE HOTCAKES!
Reebok was supposed to revolutionize UFC sponsorships (see why here). Instead, it's been a train wreck from day one, complete with misspelled names, unhappy fighters, and skeptical fans.
Anyone thinks this deal is still around this same time next year?
Gavin Henson has been included in the Probables squad for the Wales trial match on 30 May in Swansea.
The utility back, 32, has enjoyed something of a resurgence at Bath this season, but won the last of his 33 Wales caps in a World Cup warm-up match against England in August 2011.
Lock Alun Wyn Jones will lead the Probables, with hooker Matthew Rees captaining the Possibles.
Leicester fly-half Owen Williams has been named in the Possibles squad.
However, the England-based players selected may not be available for the game at the Liberty Stadium.
Wales' tour of South Africa 10 June: Warm-up match v Eastern Province Kings in Port Elizabeth 14 June: First Test, Durban 21 June: Second Test, Nelspruit
A spokesperson for England's Premiership clubs has said that because the game is not a Test match they do not have to release non-England players.
The Welsh Rugby Union hopes to reach an agreement with Premiership Rugby, but the trial match takes place the day before the Aviva Premiership final.
There has been no definite indication yet whether Welsh-qualified players at French clubs will be available for the trial match, the first to be held by Wales for 14 years.
However, BBC Wales Sport has learned Perpignan lock Luke Charteris will be available.
The trial match will help decide who is included in Warren Gatland's final squad for the two-Test tour to South Africa in June.
Probables head coach Rob Howley has named a squad with two uncapped players in Dragons prop Owen Evans and Ospreys' Sam Davies as well as 19 of the recent Six Nations squad.
Cardiff Blues flanker Josh Navidi looks set to be given the chance to advance his claims at open-side in the injury absence of Sam Warburton and Justin Tipuric.
The return of Henson into the Wales reckoning marks the end of a tumultuous period since leaving the Ospreys in 2009.
The Bridgend product, who helped Wales to Grand Slams in 2005 and 2008, has played for Saracens, Toulon, Cardiff Blues and London Welsh before arriving at the Recreation Ground last season.
In that period he endured long-term injuries, dabbled with reality television and was involved in several off-field misdemeanours.
Possibles head coach Robin McBryde has selected 10 uncapped players in his 26-man squad, including some exciting rising talent at half-back.
Scarlets pair Gareth Davies and Steven Shingler are named along with Leicester fly-half Williams and Osprey Matthew Morgan, whose regional number eight team-mate Dan Baker is also included.
The likes of James Hook, Ian Evans, Bradley Davies and Paul James add an experienced backbone to the Possibles.
Scarlets centre Scott Williams will definitely miss the tour as he rests his left shoulder after surgery, as will full-back Leigh Halfpenny.
Other injury doubts for the tour are Scarlets fly-half Rhys Priestland, Gloucester-bound hooker Richard Hibbard and Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb.
Wales will play a warm-up game against Eastern Province Kings on 10 June before facing the Springboks in back-to-back Tests on 14 and 21 June.
Probables Squad (coach Rob Howley):
Forwards: Gethin Jenkins (Cardiff Blues), Owen Evans (Dragons), Rhys Gill (Saracens), Ken Owens (Scarlets), Scott Baldwin (Ospreys), Adam Jones (Ospreys), Samson Lee (Scarlets), Alun Wyn Jones (Ospreys) (Captain), Luke Charteris (Perpignan), Jake Ball (Scarlets), Ryan Jones (Bristol), Aaron Shingler (Scarlets), Josh Navidi (Blues), Dan Lydiate (Racing Metro), Taulupe Faletau (Dragons).
Backs: Rhodri Williams (Scarlets), Mike Phillips (Racing Metro), Dan Biggar (Ospreys), Sam Davies (Ospreys), Jon Davies (Scarlets), Jamie Roberts (Racing Metro), Gavin Henson (Bath), Alex Cuthbert (Cardiff Blues), George North (Northampton), Hallam Amos (Dragons), Liam Williams (Scarlets).
Possibles Squad (coach Robin McBryde):
Forwards: Paul James (Bath), Phil Price (Dragons), Rob Evans (Scarlets), Matthew Rees (Blues), Kristian Dacey (Blues), Rhodri Jones (Scarlets), Scott Andrews (Blues), Aaron Jarvis (Ospreys), Bradley Davies (Blues), Andrew Coombs (Dragons), Ian Evans (Ospreys), Macauley Cook (Blues), Josh Turnbull (Scarlets), James Davies (Scarlets), Dan Baker (Ospreys).
Backs: Gareth Davies (Scarlets), Lloyd Williams (Blues), James Hook (Perpignan), Matthew Morgan (Ospreys), Harry Robinson (Blues), Owen Williams (Leicester), Steven Shingler (Scarlets), Cory Allen (Blues), Jonathan Spratt (Ospreys), Tom Prydie (Dragons), Jordan Williams (Scarlets).
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece expects economic recovery to gain pace next year when it aims to exit its bailout, the government's draft budget showed on Monday, projecting that stronger growth will help it attain a bigger primary surplus and reduce unemployment.
A view of the Piraeus Container Terminal, near Athens, Greece, September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Greece has only recently begun to emerge from a multi-year recession that wiped out about a quarter of its economy and drove unemployment to nearly 28 percent.
“This is the last budget under bailouts,” said Deputy Finance Minister George Chouliarakis as he handed the draft budget to the speaker of the parliament.
The country's leftist-led government sees the economy growing by 2.4 percent next year, picking up from a projected 1.8 percent expansion in 2017, according to the draft budget.
Unemployment is seen easing to 19 percent from 21.1 percent in the second quarter, but still double the euro zone's current average of 9.1 percent.
On the fiscal front, Athens aims for an ambitious primary budget surplus of 3.57 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), excluding debt servicing outlays, slightly above what it has agreed with its official creditors.
Based on the budget, the government expects to outperform this year's 1.75-percent-of-GDP primary surplus target, projecting that it will close the year with a 2.2 percent surplus. (For a table on the main measures in the draft budget, click on [nL8N1MD0VN])
Athens signed up to an international bailout in mid-2015 - its third since 2010. The government aims to have fully regained access to bond markets by next August, when the program ends.
The draft budget, which will be scrutinized by Greece's official lenders later this month when they are due to begin a bailout review, sees public debt reaching 175.6 percent of GDP, edging up from 176.8 percent this year.
Greece plans new bond issues in 2018, including an exchange of bonds issued under a previous debt writedown in 2012 with new ones.
Debt relief measures expected to be specified in the coming period would be crucial to making the country's debt burden manageable, according to the budget draft, which was prepared by Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos.
“These measures primarily aim at mitigating the present interest rate risk with optimal forecasts of future servicing costs, to enable the continuation of issues on international markets,” it said.
A YouTube video of a Mountie freeing an elk in the Rocky Mountain Trench east of Kimberley, B.C., has garnered more than 24,000 hits.
Kimberley Corporal Chris Newell said police got a call about an elk in distress off Highway 95A east of Kimberley around 11 a.m. PT earlier this month.
The female elk was tightly wrapped in a wire fence and was obviously suffering and in distress.
Luckily for the elk, said Newell, RCMP were able to call in Sgt. Darrell Robinson, a Mountie who hunts and has experience in the bush.
"This officer, he's a hunter," Newell said, "quite avid in the bush. and there was potential to be kicked and I think that would have hurt."
Newell said Robinson found the full-grown cow lying on her back with two legs caught in the wire. He was able to approach the animal and free both legs with bolt cutters.
"We actually carry bolt cutters in most of our vehicles, and he was able to snap the wires and she was able to walk away basically unharmed."
Newell said it's believed the elk was trapped for at least an hour before police arrived.
Later that day, RCMP put out a news release. "Mountie releases elk," it said, "No charges."
Somebody donated a lot more than they intended to the Goodwill in Monroe, Washington last week.
Goodwill employees got a surprise when they opened a donated cooler and found marijuana.
Make that lots of marijuana.
Monroe police were called in to investigate.
‘HALLELUJAH' NO SCHOOL: SUPERINTENDENT SINGS SNOW DAY ANNOUNCEMENT
This cooler was donated over the weekend to the Goodwill. Employees surprised when they opened the lid. Police were called... pic.twitter.com/50z1OinsER — Monroe PD (@MonroePolice) March 14, 2017
“(The) employees were surprised when they opened the lid,” the police said in a tweet.
The Monroe Police Department said the cooler contained 3.75 pounds of pot, with an estimated street value of $24,000.
Police said Goodwill was examining its surveillance video to see if it can find an image of the person who may have dropped off the cooler.
Click here for more stories from G13Fox.com
Scott Nimerfro, an executive producer and writer on shows like Hannibal and Once Upon a Time, has died, Hannibal showrunner Bryan Fuller revealed on Twitter Monday. Although Fuller didn't specify the cause of death, Nimerfro previously spoke about his struggle with angiosarcoma — a cancer in the inner lining of blood vessels with which he was diagnosed in 2015 — in a January video.
“RIP @ScottNimerfro BELOVED #HANNIBAL WRITER OF BLOOD EAGLES & MUSHROOM CORPSES NOW FREAKING OUT SQUARES IN NEXT LIFE,” Fuller wrote on Twitter. Once Upon a Time creator Adam Horowitz also paid tribute to Nimerfro on Twitter, writing, “RIP to our dear friend and #OnceUponATime colleague @ScottNimerfro — a lovely man and a true talent, we love and miss you.”
Prior to working on those two shows, Nimerfro produced and wrote for Ringer, Pushing Daisies (another Fuller project), and Tales from the Crypt. He also served as an associate producer on 2000's X-Men. See Fuller and Horowitz's tweets below.
RIP @ScottNimerfro BELOVED #HANNIBAL WRITER OF BLOOD EAGLES & MUSHROOM CORPSES NOW FREAKING OUT SQUARES IN NEXT LIFE pic.twitter.com/eZYyXIxrA2 — Bryan Fuller (@BryanFuller) April 18, 2016
When players and staff for the Houston Astros and Washington Nationals first arrived at The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches in February, they were asked to be patient: Their new $152 million shared spring training complex in West Palm Beach wasn't quite finished.
What they may not have known was that a lot of the work hadn't been done properly, the result of corners cut by work crews under extraordinary pressure to open on time, a Palm Beach Post review of internal emails, city inspection records and court documents found.
Caution tape marks ongoing construction near the path of a sidewalk being replaced at The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches in West Palm Beach on Tuesday Nov. 21, 2017. (Richard Graulich / The Palm Beach Post)
Although players and staff never complained, at least not publicly, the shoddy work forced them to deal with a roster of minor inconveniences: Large buckets strategically placed in the Astros clubhouse to collect water leaking from the newly installed roof and windows, pooling water from an improperly sloped shower, and ripples in the Astro Turf floor in the batting cages, to name a few.
In December, about two months before the first game, both teams briefly considered delaying the ballpark's opening until 2018 after West Palm Beach building inspectors flagged the concrete stadium seating bowl for failing to meet federal Americans with Disabilities Act specifications.
The ballpark wound up opening on time, with few, if any, visible signs of the hectic behind-the-scenes struggle to make that happen. And after more than 140,000 fans, many visiting from Houston and Washington, watched the ballpark's Grapefruit League games, the teams went on to have successful seasons — the Astros won the World Series and the Nationals won a division title.
A cement truck is on the site of The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches in West Palm Beach Tuesday, as construction continues amid contractor disputes at the spring-training home of the Houston Astros and Washington Nationals. (Richard Graulich / The Palm Beach Post)
But with star players Jose Altuve, Bryce Harper and their teammates scheduled to return in three months, the ballpark still isn't finished. And the county and teams are losing patience as the lead general contractor, a joint venture led by Hunt Construction Group, scrambles to finish nearly $12 million in work.
That work includes repairs and remediation on 23 so-called "non-conformance" items that were done incorrectly or not according to the architect's plans — from plugging roof leaks and replacing windows and drywall to fixing uneven floors and repainting areas that are rusting and flaking because the original application did not include primer.
At the same time, Hunt is fighting with the teams and many of its 35 subcontractors, some of them in court, over billing issues and delays that, according to Hunt, prompted some workers to walk off the job.
Now, it might be January before the city issues a final certificate of occupancy after having granted the teams a twice-extended temporary permit.
Get it done
To speed up completion, the Astros and Nationals in October started doing some work on their own, without using Hunt — from ceiling work in the Nationals' executive offices to elevator finishes and repairs to the playing fields.
The path of a sidewalk ripped up Tuesday at at The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches, the spring training home of the Houston Astros and Washington Nationals. (Richard Graulich / The Palm Beach Post)
"We expected Hunt to be entirely completed with this project by now. You are not. Complete the project as contracted for. We have incurred enormous costs as a direct result," Marc Taylor, the project manager for the teams, told Hunt in a Sept. 15 letter about a payment dispute.
In its reply, Hunt accused the teams of "placing the project in serious jeopardy with the subcontractors" by delaying payments. The dispute is one of several that have dogged the project and created tension among the teams, the contractor and, at times, the county.
Hunt responded to questions with a short statement, issued to The Post through a public relations firm: "While the facility is already fully in use, the Hunt Straticon Messam Cooper joint venture has been meeting with the owners and is continuing to work with them to come to an agreement as quickly as possible on outstanding items."
The teams certainly hope so.
"We expected some problems," said Giles Kibbe, an Astros lawyer who has helped shepherd the project since its earliest days. "We had more than we expected, but we thought surely by now all of this would have been done and everyone would have been paid and we would all go our separate ways."
New windows await installation Tuesday to replace windows that were the part of a dispute over construction at The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches, the spring training home of the Houston Astros and Washington Nationals. (Richard Graulich / The Palm Beach Post)
Schedule ‘too tight'
Problems and delays are not uncommon in massive public projects involving dozens of subcontractors. That was the case with the county's $672 million waste-to-energy plant in 2015, the $127 million courthouse in 1995 and the $63 million Palm Beach International Airport terminal expansion in 1988.
At the ballpark, the pressure was on before work even started because of a protracted, politically charged site selection process that dragged into the spring of 2015. By then, the teams had decided to leave their previous spring homes after the 2016 Grapefruit League season.
That meant they needed to have a new home by February 2017 or face potentially expensive negotiations to extend their leases.
Ripped up slabs of concrete from a nearby sidewalk line a fence Tuesday at The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches, the spring training home of the Houston Astros and Washington Nationals. (Richard Graulich / The Palm Beach Post)
A three-person committee made up of representatives for the teams and the county chose Hunt to build the ballpark because of the company's track record with other stadiums, including Marlins Park in Miami and the Chicago Cubs spring training complex in Arizona.
"This is the company that is going to make it happen. This is the horse we are riding into the sunset," Arthur Fuccillo, a Nationals partner, said after the committee picked Hunt on March 30, 2015.
The county agreed to dole out $113 million in tourist-tax revenue to help finance construction over many years, along with a $50 million contribution from the state. The teams picked up the rest.
But work crews were under enormous pressure to start and complete the project in just 15 months.
"It was too tight," said County Administrator Verdenia Baker, whose staff voiced concern about the construction schedule before work started in November 2015.
"If you recall some of the discussion we had, our staff said, ‘This is a really, really tight time frame you are trying to complete this project in,' and therein lie the problems."
And there were problems from the get-go because of the facility's location — an abandoned landfill on 160 acres south of 45th Street and west of Interstate 95. Clearing the buried trash and debris and then preparing the land for construction took longer than expected, leaving about eight months to build the stadium and clubhouses.
Playing out in court
Mistakes were made in the ensuing scramble, which included 20-hour work shifts over the final four months.
"During the course of this construction project, we have experienced significant issues with work that was not constructed in accordance with architectural plans and specifications. Most of those items have been corrected but many have not," HW Spring Training Complex, the entity representing the Astros and Nationals, said in a statement Monday to the County Commission.
A plywood board covers a window opening on Tuesday Nov. 21, 2017, as construction crews continue work at The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches in West Palm Beach long after its first spring-training season concluded. (Richard Graulich / The Palm Beach Post)
Along the way, Hunt was slow to process payments, the teams said, prompting complaints from many subcontractors, consultants and suppliers.
At least 10 lawsuits were filed against Hunt. Five have been withdrawn but one of the pending suits includes a complaint by Davco Electrical of Boynton Beach seeking $7 million in unpaid work from a $10.2 million contract with Hunt.
"Hunt's failure to properly manage other subcontractors caused the project to fall significantly behind schedule," according to a lawsuit Davco filed June 15. Davco claims it was forced to start its work "months after its original start date. As a result, Hunt ordered Davco to work significant overtime and additional shift work on the project to perform the work on an accelerated schedule."
Davco also accused Hunt of making the company "perform out of sequence work, knowing that subsequent work by other trades would cause damage to Davco's work, which resulted in Davco needing to duplicate previous efforts."
Hunt, in a response filed in October, denied the allegations. The company also accused Davco of using "unlicensed temporary agents and/or employees" and submitting payment invoices with inflated charges.
Davco representatives did not return messages seeking comment.
Redoing concrete steps
Hunt filed one lawsuit against its window subcontractor, A Christian Glass & Mirror of Delray Beach, accusing the company of shoddy work. A Christian Glass and a lawyer representing the company did not return messages seeking comment.
A consultant hired by Hunt to review the glass work found 11 deficiencies, including glass and frames that didn't fit and pinholes in sealants. Hunt said it had to fire A Christian Glass and hire a new company to install the windows. The work is almost finished.
Other problems at the complex were flagged by city inspectors, including stair risers on several aisles along the first base side of the stadium's concrete seating bowl that were either too steep or too narrow.
"They did not meet ADA requirements," said Rick Greene, the city's development services director. "We identified certain areas in the stadium where they actually had to saw-cut and basically cut out the steps and re-pour them to make sure they met the proper grade."
Roof leaks, many caused by sharp objects and debris, are still being fixed. During a heavy rainstorm one day in April or May, the Astros clubhouse took in water from above and below: A faulty connection in a drainage pipe sent gallons of storm water gushing out of the floor drains, forcing the Astros to replace the carpet.
Who's to blame?
Invoices from subcontractors received intense scrutiny from Hunt and the teams. But both sides accused each other of delaying the payment process, and many subcontractors complained about being caught in the middle.
In a letter to HW Spring Training on Sept. 15, Hunt summarized some of the consequences of what it claimed were the "significant modifications" made by the teams to payment invoices. Since some subs hadn't been paid for work performed more than five months ago, they have either left the job site or taken legal action against Hunt, a vice president of the joint venture wrote.
"This has made completing the project difficult, at best," wrote Doug Utt. "In fact, Hunt has had to advance more than $2 million in payments to subcontractors and suppliers to date to keep the project afloat and deter further litigation."
The teams previously told The Post they blame Hunt. "The continued failures of HSMC to provide correct, timely and completed pay applications has plagued this job from the very beginning," Taylor wrote to Utt on May 1.
After the Astros won the World Series on Nov. 1, some frustrated subcontractors reached out to The Post to complain that they still hadn't been paid for work done nearly a year ago.
Astros officials took issue with the comments, saying the team can't directly pay the subs because the teams have no contractual relationships with them. The subs work under contracts with Hunt.
In its letter to the county written in response to The Post's story, the teams said they are obligated to scrutinize all payment applications to make sure tax dollars are not spent on substandard work.
"We take our obligations to the county very seriously and we are comfortable in how we have managed those responsibilities," the teams said.
"Although this has been a difficult project … Palm Beach County will be very proud of the work product and will also be proud to be home of the best spring training complex in the state of Florida."
County staff has been encouraging Hunt and the teams to work out their differences.
"We'd like to get it cleaned up once and for all and finalize things and move on," Baker said, "because we are about to roll into new spring training season and this is the last cloud you want over your head."
Major Australian banks have been under pressure to rule out funding Adani's controversial Carmichael mine, but the former CEO of Australia's second-biggest miner says the Indian giant does not need their money anyway.
Speaking at a business lunch in Brisbane, former Rio Tinto chief executive Sam Walsh described the idea the company needed australian banks to get the Galilee Basin project off the ground as a "furphy".
Former Rio Tinto chief Sam Walsh has been enmeshed in Rio's bribery scandal in West Africa. Credit:Robert Shakespeare
"I don't believe Adani actually needs any finance from any Australian bank," he said, adding finance would likely come from overseas.
Resources Minister and apparently soon-to-be former Westpac customer Matt Canavan branded the company "wimps" after it ruled out funding the mine after intense lobbying from Adani opponents, who also cast doubt on its financial viability.
Wilmer Flores has homered in consecutive games for the Mets including a three-run blast in New York's 10-0 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday night.
Since the All-Star break, Flores is slashing .321/.361/.750 with seven home runs in only 56 at-bats. He has started 14 of the Mets 26 games in the second half.
The biggest improvement for Flores this season has been his hitting against right-handed pitching though. Coming into 2017 he had a career .661 OPS against righties in 905 plate appearances.
In 2017, Flores is hitting .284/.330/.483 with nine doubles, triple and eight home runs in 191 plate appearances vs right-handed pitching.
With is current OPS at .829, Flores has improved on his OPS for the fourth straight year in the major leagues.
The Mets infield is pretty crowded right now with Amed Rosario, Jose Reyes, Asdrubal Cabrera, Neil Walker and Dominic Smith coming up today. Will be interesting to see how Terry Collins works Flores into the lineup the rest of the season.
PlayStation Experience 2017 Dates Announced, Tickets Already on Sale Sony has set a date for its next PS-centric event, and is offering a special discount on early-bird tickets.
Sony has set a date for its next PS-centric event, and is offering a special discount on early-bird tickets.
Sony's PlayStation Experience conference will take place over December 9-10 at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, CA, where last year's PSX took place. Tickets for the two-day event normally run $75, but early birds can buy tickets now for $65. Besides a discounted rate, early-bird purchasers will be able to access a special event where they can "get up-close and personal with game developers and PlayStation attendees."
You must be at least 18 to attend PSX. No children or babies are allowed at the show, so parents had better factor babysitting fees into their trip budget.
Entering its third year, PSX has become Sony's personal E3, a stage for developers to announce and unveil projects for PlayStation 4. PSX 2016 was stacked with debuts highlighted by The Last of Us: Part 2, Marvel Vs Capcom: Infinite, Uncharted: The Lost Legacy, and even games without subtitles, if you can believe it
Some games associated with the PlayStation brand were conspicuously absent at E3 this summer. Specifically, remakes of Final Fantasy 7 by Square Enix and Capcom's Resident Evil 2 were no shows, leading many to speculate that their respective publishers may be preparing to disclose further information at Tokyo Game Show in September, or at PSX in December.
LONDON, April 24 (RIA Novosti) - Fast food chain Burger King is preparing to roll out the U.K.'s most expensive burger costing a staggering 85 pounds ($170), national media reported on Thursday.
The high class dish will contain Japanese Kobe beef, and instead of ketchup will be garnished with foie gras and rare blue cheese, the Daily Star tabloid said.
Kobe beef, also known as the 'caviar of beef', comes from Japanese cows tenderly raised on a special diet of beer and sake, ensuring the meat is the most tender and succulent in the world.
Extras could include truffles instead of mushrooms, as well as tiger prawns and guacamole.
The burger, which has beaten the previous record of 80 British pounds for the most expensive sandwich sold two years ago in a New York restaurant, will be available at selected branches in Kensington and Chelsea in southwest London from May.
The company, which offers a budget cheeseburger for just $1, explains that the move is likely to position itself away from rival McDonald's and other fast food chains.
A spokesman for Burger King told the newspaper: "We can confirm that we're currently developing what will be potentially the UK's most expensive burger."
"It is a reflection of our ongoing commitment to serving up the best quality ingredients for a range of different pockets."
A Silver Sable and Black Cat movie is in the works for Sony's Spider-Man universe of films, according to a report from THR. In one of those rare announcements where you've actually heard of the scriptwriter, Christopher Yost, famous for his work in comics, animation, and Thor: The Dark World is writing the script, apparently based on a previous version from the co-creator of HBO's Westworld, Lisa Joy. There's no indication at this time that the untiled film centering on Silver Sable and Black Cat, along with the recently reinvigorated Venom spinoff, will take place in the same continuity as Spider-Man: Homecoming, and thus be tied to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but that's a question that could be answered soon, as the film is reportedly looking to start shooting this fall. Either way, having Yost write the Silver Sable/Black Cat script seems like a positive move toward capturing the spirit of these characters from the comics and translating them to the big screen.
Sadly for Marvel Chairman and Donald Trump advisor Ike Perlmutter, however, it looks like Sony's secret female Spider-Man spinoff film won't be Spider-Gwen after all.
About Jude Terror A prophecy says that in the comic book industry's darkest days, a hero will come to lead the people through a plague of overpriced floppies, incentive variant covers, #1 issue reboots, and super-mega-crossover events. Scourge of Rich Johnston, maker of puns, and seeker of the Snyder Cut, Jude Terror, sadly, is not the hero comics needs right now... but he's the one the industry deserves.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
With the 16th pick in the 2011 NFL Draft, the Washington Redskins selected Purdue defensive end Ryan Kerrigan. The Redskins traded down earlier in the draft, dumping the No. 10 pick on the Jacksonville Jaguars, who selected Blaine Gabbert, and picking up the 16th pick and a second round pick for it. Kerrigan is a physical specimen and performed well at the NFL Combine, turning in strong measurables that sold the Redskins on his abilities.
Kerrigan will likely play as a stand-up outside linebacker in the Redskins' 3-4 defense. Though he played out on the edge at Purdue, he's shown the ability to work as an outside linebacker and can get after the quarterback coming off the edge as a linebacker.
But it's an intriguing choice for the Redskins, who could have taken Cameron Jordan at No 16. Many 2011 NFL mock drafts had Kerrigan as a late first round pick, making Washington's choice a bit of a reach. He is a scheme-fit, however, which appears to have weighed heavily on Washington in this instance.
For more on Kerrigan's new home, check out Hogs Haven and SB Nation DC.
The first round of the 2011 NFL Draft is underway and SB Nation has everything you need to keep up with it: news, rumors, player profiles, scouting reports, the full NFL draft schedule, NFL mock drafts, draft projections and more. Check it all out at SB Nation's NFL Draft hub and our NFL Draft blog Mocking the Draft.
Using Rust in Windows
As a Rust user, I was discouraged by not having all the good tips for using Rust in Windows in one place. This is an attempt to just that. If you have more tips tweet them to @jntrnr, and I'll try to add them here.
Getting started
Step 1: Install Visual Studio Community edition
My recommendation for working with Rust in Windows is to first get Visual Studio 2017 Community installed. Edit: Make sure you check the boxes to install C++ support when you instal Visual Studio, this provides the linker. The Rust compiler will use the linker that VS provides to translate our Rust code all the way to being an application. Having VS installed pays off in more ways than one, as we'll see later.
Step 2: Install rustup
The Rust toolchain (including the compiler and the cargo build tool) are managed by a tool called rustup. This is the easiest way get going with Rust. It also has a few advantages, like allowing you to more easily switch the style of compiler (stable/beta/nightly) as well as building for other targets, like embedded systems.
Once Visual Studio is installed, rustup will detect it and let us install the compiler that works with the VS toolchain. Rustup on the initial install will let you pick the compiler, and you can select working with nightly or release. What you choose is up to you. Nightly gives you access to new features but hasn't been tested as thoroughly as the stable release compiler.
Whether you choose Nightly or Stable, you'll have commands available to you at the terminal. You won't need a separate shell to get to them. The commands ‘rustc' and ‘cargo' are the Rust compiler and Rust package manager respectively.
Step 3: Make sure everything is working
In a source directory, you can test if Rust has been installed correctly by creating a simple project, compiling it, and running it.
cargo new hello_world --bin cd hello_world cargo run (or "cargo build" followed by "cargo run")
You can find out lots of helpful general getting started tips in the Rust documentation.
Writing Rust Code in Windows
Currently, IDE support for Rust is still in its infancy. If you don't need fully intellisense-style IDE experience, pretty much all editors now have basic Rust support. Pick your favorite one, install their Rust plugin or syntax highlighter, and you're good to go. Many of these plugins come with support for a project called ‘racer', which provides an autocompletion. Visual Studio users may be interested in Visual Rust.
For the more daring, there's a project called the Rust Language Server, which is based on the Language Server Protocol developed for VS Code and now part of a growing number of editors and IDEs.
You can find steps for how to set up the RLS and use it with VS Code on its readme. That said, the RLS is still pre-beta quality as of the writing of this post, so please exercise caution if you go this route.
Debugging with Visual Studio
Earlier we installed Visual Studio. It seems a waste to have this nice VS install sitting around and not getting more benefit from it is. Let's use it for debugging.
Before we do some debugging, there are two steps we'll want to do beforehand:
Step 1: Install rust-src
When we're debugging, VS will sometimes complain because it can't find the source code to the standard libs. We can remove this announces by installing the rust-src, and helping VS find the source it's looking for (this is also a helpful step for racer support)
rustup component add rust-src
This will let you find the source to the standard libs when you're debugging. After the command is run, it will be put in your .multirust directory. For me that directory is:
C:\Users\Jonathan Turner\.multirust\toolchains
ightly-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc\lib\rustlib\src\rust\src
When Visual Studio asks you for a file from the standard library source, this should give you a good place to start looking for it.
Step 2: Add natvis for Rust
Rust has its own common structs, like String and Vec, that Visual Studio won't understand by default currently. To be able to view these data structures, we use native visualisation or .natvis files. Rustup will helpfully make them available for us, we just have to copy them into our personal directory. For me, the .natvis files are in:
C:\Users\Jonathan Turner\.multirust\toolchains
ightly-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc\lib\rustlib\src\rust\src\etc
atvis
NOTE: you may need to install the nightly toolchain to have this directory. You don't need to use the nightly compiler as your main compiler, though, to take advantage of them.
I copy these files into:
C:\Users\Jonathan Turner\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Visualizers
If you don't have a Visualizers directory, go ahead and create it and then copy the files into it. Once you start up VS, it should pick them up and give you a little better view of your Rust data.
With that, debugging a Rust app works very similar to debugging other apps. There are a few steps you need to do:
Compile your projects with debug info. The easiest way is to build using cargo build and NOT cargo build --release .
and NOT . Run your application
Attach the VS debugger using the ‘Attach…' feature. You should be able to find your application in the list. Once you attach, you can hit pause, set breakpoints, and step as normal.
Debugging with VSCode and MSVC
You can also setup vscode as your development and debugging platform. There are some good tips on how to do this in this blog post.
Conclusion
There is still plenty of room for improvement, but already there's enough here that we can write, build, and debug Rust applications without too much fuss. The Rust teams are working to continue to improve the experience of developing in Windows on Rust, but it's encouraging to see the progress and where it could go in the future.
We believe we could end this newspost at the title, as we're pretty sure everyone is familiar with the SimCity franchise. But if you lived the past 20+ years under a rock and somehow you don't know what the fuss is all about let us explain: SimCity 2000 Special Edition is the second installment, and way superior to its predecessor, of the most popular city building sim series by Maxis. You play the role of the mayor of a new municipality, starting in 1900. Your task is to expand your small village into a bustling metropolis, and manage it so the citizens are happy and willing to live in it. You're responsible for building housing districts and commercial facilities as well as power plants, streets, bus depots, and more. You need to set and raise taxes and allocate the money cleverly so the city grows.SimCity 2000 introduced many enhancements to the series. First the view has been changed from a top-down to isometric which allows you to fully customize the terrain before you start the new city. Plenty of new types of facilities now include schools, hospitals, zoos, museums, colleges, and even prisons. Thanks to underground layer you can now build subway and utilities like water pipes under the city. Also your city is not the only one on the map, and you have to build links with other municipalities to increase trade and population. Last but not least, prepare yourself and your city for earthquakes, floods, fire, and other disasters like monster invasion, as they do like to happen--and usually at the worst possible time.If you want to take a break from expanding your city, you can play one of many pre-made scenarios that are included in the special edition of the game. Some of those scenarios are based on real life events, like the 1989 Hurricane Hugo hitting Charleston in South Carolina or the 1991 Oakland firestorm, and some are just made up by the developer as Hollywood being attacked by a giant robot or nuclear power station major meltdown in center of Manhattan!But that's not all: SimCity 2000 Special Edition on GOG.com also includes the SimCity Urban Renewal Kit which lets you modify the images used in-game to represent various buildings. Now you can create your own basic bitmap representing your childhood house, your school, or your favorite monument. All that and much more is available now for only $5.99.
T
he topic is home-field advantage, but on second thought, maybe Matt Birk isn't the best guy for this job. This past December, the Baltimore Ravens center and his wife Adrianna welcomed their sixth child, Brady, into the world.
"Home-field advantage?" Birk said recently, laughing. "Not anymore."
The raw numbers over the past decade suggest the Ravens are the happiest at home among the NFL's 32 teams. So why doesn't M&T Bank Stadium turn up on those ubiquitous lists of the league's toughest venues?
"That's a question for your colleagues in the media," said Birk, who graduated from Harvard with a degree in economics. "No. 1, I'm going to say that over the years the Ravens have fielded a pretty good football team. No. 2, the fans here are great.
"It's pretty simple. There's your home-field advantage."
Ah, home sweet home ... where the heart is ... a state of mind. That metaphorical place to which you can never, ever, truly return.
In the hurly-burly world of the NFL, however, it is a concrete concept -- as starkly real as a Jason Pierre-Paul sack.
Over the past decade, only one team -- the New York Giants -- has managed to produce a better winning percentage on the road than at home. The Saints (45-37 on the road and 46-37 at home over that time) have come tantalizingly close. The fact that those two teams have won three of the past five Super Bowls underlines the importance of succeeding in the face of that home-field advantage.
A Pot Smoker's Guide should be simple. I firmly believe pot smokers have this world figured out. We've learned to cut through all the bullshit. I'm not trying to say that all pot smokers are alike. We are certainly a diverse crowd of individuals, but sharing a common interest in marijuana has created an unique shared culture among us. In this series of images I tried to capture pieces of pot culture, and portray them in a simple, no bullshit series of infographics. I hope you enjoy.
Vending Machines:
The inspiration for this one goes back to my college years. I stayed in a dorm that housed a lot of pot smokers. There was always certain items that sold out almost immediately after being stocked – Skittles and Peach O's. We later found out that one person was buying all the Peach O's at one time so he could hoard them all to himself.
Choosing Lighter Colors:
Almost every pot smoker is familiar with the white lighter superstition. Most smokers would take anything except a white lighter. “Oh, all you have in stock is white lighters and some black lighters with human feces covering them? I guess I'll take the black one.”
Smoking A Bowl:
Using the carb on a bowl is rather simple. But, for some reason, it always seems to turn into a catastrophe when you smoke with someone for the first time.
Time:
How much time have you spent waiting on a dealer who said he would be there in 5 minutes. Well, pot smokers sometimes abide by a rather complex set of encrypted time intervals know as ‘stoner time'. This goes true for non-dealers also. How many times have you been the one who made someone late because you got too high?
Cleaning:
Just keep spraying! If you smoke pot indoors then Febreze is a must. Make sure to get it everywhere – couch, carpet, cat, etc. For real though, don't spray your cat with Febreze.
Thanks for checking out my series. If you liked what you saw use the share buttons below.
1) No matter what they fail at, it's always someone else's fault. George Bush did it, the Republicans are mean, the dog ate Obama's homework. It's not his fault that he's flunking every class!
2) They don't read history, they think their parents are stupid, and they don't need to know anything other than how they feel to make a decision. So despite the fact that everyone tells them that tying a towel around their neck will not allow them to jump off the roof like Superman, they're going to do it anyway.
3) THE BAD MAN WON'T CHANGE THE NAME OF THE REDSKINS EVEN THOUGH I DON'T LIKE IT! HE'S SO MEAN! WAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!
4) Half their vocabulary seems to consist of the words, "That's not FAIR!" It's not FAIR that they're not allowed to lie as much as they want! It's not FAIR that other people get to have opinions, too! It's not fair that after yelling at someone for 30 minutes, someone said something back to them. It's not fair! It's not fair! It's not FAIR!
5) They demand to be treated like adults, but the moment they get an adult responsibility -- like being President -- they quit doing it the right way five minutes in because it's "boring" and wander off to find something more "fun" to do (like golfing or campaigning).
6) Yes, they would jump off that Obamacare cliff if their friend Barack did it, too!
7) They have no concept of how money works -- at least when it comes to government. Either get them the Playstation 4 AND the Xbox One AND the ten games they want or you're a BIG MEANIE who HATES THEM and they're going to THROW A TANTRUM in the middle of the store until they get what they want.
8) Like a little brat who's obsessed with a cartoon character (everything in my room must be Pokémon!), whatever they're not interested in is treated as stupid, worthless, and boring. They don't care about Christianity, patriotism, or guns; so anybody who likes or values those things must be "dumb."
9) Everything is a zero sum game to them. If Janie has the ball, then Sally can't have the ball. If America is successful, we must be doing it by taking things that belong in other nations. If you're white, you must be better off because you hurt people who aren't white. If you're rich, then you must be making someone else poor.
10) They think they deserve a Nobel Peace Prize just for showing up and blessing everyone with their presence, regardless of how badly they perform.
11) When they don't like something, they throw a tantrum and demand that other people change their behavior to work around their attitude problem.
12) Their universe is made up of “nice” people who agree with them on everything, protected classes of "pets" who are too stupid to get along without them, and mean old poopyheads who don't cater to their every whim. That's about as nuanced as their worldview gets.
13) They really do believe the world -- more specifically, the taxpayers -- owe them a living whether they feel like working for it or not.
14) Little kids believe in Santa Claus. Liberals believe big government works. Both beliefs are equally dumb.
15) They torment, bully, and provoke other people at every opportunity until someone hits them back, at which point they start crying and demanding sympathy.
A Houston furniture store owner is reaching out to Harvey victims in a big way. He's opened several of his stores as shelters.
"We have these giant 24-foot box trucks that can get through five to six feet of water. We sent 'em out, picked up about 200 people," Jim "Mattress Mack" McIngvale told ABC News.
Our GF N FWRY & GF Grand PKWY stores are open for those in need. If you can safely join us, we invite you for shelter and food. God Bless. pic.twitter.com/IHHgjKmjMY — MattressMack (@MattressMack) August 28, 2017
"They were stranded on bridges; they were stranded in convenience stores; they were walking through the water with snakes and alligators, and we brought 'em out here," he continued.
McIngvale said he's not worried about his inventory and still plans to sell the furniture once Harvey is gone.
"We'll have a Harvey floor model sale, or something," he said. "I'll come up with some shtick. These people are nice. They're taking care of the furniture."
"Furniture's made to be sat on, slept on, laid on, whatever. It's just a product. It ain't gonna hurt it," he continued.
The man known as "Mattress Mack" said that his goal has been to put people above profits.
"This is the right thing to do. That's the way I was brought up," he said.
McIngvale's daughter wrote on Facebook that her dad has helped to restore her "faith in humanity."
In addition to hundreds of storm victims, the two Gallery Furniture stores have been a place of rest for National Guard troops deployed to the Houston area.
As PresidentDonald Trumpspoke last week in Warsaw, Poland, cable news cameras panned across the raucous crowdbused inby the country's right-wing government to cheer him on.
Amid the waving red-and-white Polish flags, a lone man ― over 4,000 miles from the U.S. South, from the land of Jim Crow, the Ku Klux Klan and slavery ― could be seen holding the Confederate flag.
Wait a sec, is that a confederate flag, at the Trump speech, in freakin#Poland? What?! Man, every day just gets more and more bizarrepic.twitter.com/0om5cBbim7 — DJ Z-TRIP (@ztrip) July 6, 2017
There was some frightening symbolism to it: a 150-year-old emblem of white supremacy at a seemingly all-white rally for a white U.S. president speaking in dire,white nationalist tonesabout defending “Western civilization.”
But how did a flag born out of the American Civil War end up at a political rally in Poland in 2017? Groups across Europe have embraced the flag for their respective causes for years, and experts say some of its European fans don't understand what the rebel flag really represents in U.S. history.
A far-right activist in Warsaw, Poland, holds a Confederate flag and a White Pride flag while taking part in a July 2015 demonstration against accepting over 2,000 immigrants to the country. More
Mark Pitcavage, senior research fellow at the Anti-Defamation League's Center on Extremism, says Europeans who use the flag can typically be divided into three groups.
First, he said, there are the out-and-proud racists.
“White supremacists in Europe will often use American hate symbols just as white supremacists here will use hate symbols derived from Europe,” he told HuffPost. “I've seen Swedish skinheads with Klan and Confederate tattoos.”
Neo-Nazis across Europe ― especially in Germany, where displaying the swastika in public is outlawed ― have been known to use the Confederate flag. And they well know what it means, Pitcavage said.
At an anti-immigrant rally in Poland in 2015, a protester could be seen waving both a White Pride flag and a Confederate flag. And here's the flag at an anti-refugee rally in Germany that same year:
The second group of Confederate flag-wavers, Pitcavage said, are right-wingpolitical activists, many of whom have separatist inclinations.
The flag, for example, is a common sight at games of the Italian football team Napoli. That's because many people in southern Italy see common cause with the Confederacy,The Washington Post reported. Both regions once were absorbed or defeated by a larger Northern power ― Rome, in the case of Italy.
During the Ukraine-Russia conflict, bothfar-right pro-Kiev groupsandpro-Moscow separatists have been seen using the flag, or an approximation of it.
And the Red Hand Defenders, a protestant paramilitary group in Northern Ireland, oftenmarchwith the Confederate flag. Theyclaimto do so because there were so many Northern Irish troops in the Confederate army.
And further south in County Cork, Ireland, soccer fans are known to wave the flag, seeing parallels between the Confederacy and Cork's history as a “rebel county” in Ireland's fight against British rule.
But the most common reason the Confederate flag flies across Europe, Pitcavage said, is ignorance.
“Even Americans are infamously ignorant of the culture and history of other places,” he said. “Many Europeans don't have a detailed or nuanced understanding of the U.S. and they sometimes get a Confederate flag because it's a symbol of Americana to them.”
CLOSE Students in the streets of Havana celebrate the announcement by Cuban and American leaders to improve relations, while Cuban-Americans in Miami are cautious. Gavino Garay reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Abdel Rodriguez holds a Cuban flag as he stands outside the Little Havana restaurant Versailles as people absorb the news on the change in U.S.-Cuba relations. (Photo11: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
Corrections & Clarifications: : A prior version of this story misstated how long Antonio Garcia-Crews was a political prisoner in Cuba. He spent 16 years in prison.
MIAMI -- Cuban Americans reacted with mixed emotions to President Obama's announcement today that the U.S. was normalizing relations with Cuba after severing ties more than 50 years ago.
In the Little Havana neighborhood -- the unofficial political heart of this city, where more than half the population, 54%, is of Cuban descent -- hardliners protested with signs decrying Obama's move and chanting, "Traitor, traitor."
Carlos Munoz, a retired veterinarian who left Cuba in 1970, was among a group outside the well-known Cuban restaurant Versailles that was heated in opposition and disappointed by the historic move. Munoz said he felt betrayed by Obama's actions.
"We've been in the fight for Cuban independence for over 50 years, and we just got back-stabbed," said Munoz, 78.
Some Cuban Americans took solace in knowing that Alan Gross, an American arrested in Cuba in 2009 on espionage charges and released Wednesday on humanitarian grounds as part of the negotiations between the two countries, would soon be reunited with his family. Part of the agreement calls for the U.S. to release three Cubans imprisoned for spying.
"I'm happy they released that poor man who was going to die in that prison," said Miguel Saavedra, a mechanic who fled Cuba in 1965. "But this wasn't the way to do it."
Osvaldo Hernandez, a 50-year-old orthopedic technician who left Cuba on a raft with 13 others in 1995, wondered why the president didn't use the military to recover Gross.
"Why didn't they send in the SEALS, like they've done in so many other countries?" he asked.
Saavedra and Hernandez are members of a group called Vigilia Mambisa, a collection of exiled Cubans who want to maintain the economic embargo against the Communist island and advocate stronger sanctions to remove the Castro regime.
On Wednesday, they said Obama basically handed Cuban President Raul Castro everything he ever wanted in exchange for no institutional changes in Cuba.
"Obama is on his knees in front of a terrorist regime," he said. "It's sad."
Cuban Americans who support the easing of sanctions against Cuba praised Obama's move.
"Today, the President has taken major strides to update our Cuba policy so that it better meets the challenges of the 21st century," Ric Herrero, executive director of #CubaNow, a group that supports normalizing relations with Cuba, said in a written statement. "The changes ... will make it easier to support the Cuban people as they take ownership of their destiny and craft a more democratic and independent future for themselves.
He singled out Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez of New Jersey and Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida for their opposition to opening relations with Cuba on the basis of not engaging with repressive regimes, pointing out that Rubio's staff and Menendez have traveled and met with officials in China, which also has been criticized for human rights abuses.
Herrero said the changes Obama announced, such as easing the travel ban to Cuba and allowing financial transactions between the two countries, will allow Americans to help support Cuban entrepreneurs and businesses.
The push for human rights in Cuba will happen as more Cubans are exposed to more people and ideas, he said.
"The Cuban people will be better equipped and supported in their desire to exercise their human rights, develop civil society institutions and hold their own government accountable," Herrero said.
In Naples, Fla., Cuban-born Adriana Infanzon, 65, hopes the move toward normalization "opens up the possibility for investments and a better life for the Cubans."
Infanzon, a Catholic Charities caseworker, sees Cuban immigrants daily. Looking back at their lives on the island, "Most don't complain about their (human) rights," Infanzon said. "They talk about having nothing to look forward to."
Palm Bay, Fla., Mayor William Capote, who came to the United States at age 8 with his parents aboard a "Freedom Flight" to Miami in 1970, is optimistic about the new relationship with Cuba.
"Hopefully, this will work out for the best," Capote said. ""When we talk about democracy, it's the availability that people from other countries come here for: to be able to go to school; to be able to do free enterprise; to start your own business; to have those opportunities that are afforded here in the U.S."
Capote said on his Facebook page Wednesday afternoon: "I support communication and dialogue that would help move my native homeland towards freedom and democracy. I hope we as a nation can embrace change and progress and focus on positive relations that empower the people of Cuba to be free and prosperous."
CLOSE Alan Gross, the American contractor released from prison in Cuba after five years, made his first public statement. VPC
Attitudes among Cuban Americans have shifted over the past 15 years. Many younger people and those emigrating from the island recently support normalized relations between the U.S. and Cuba, said Fernand Amandi, managing partner for the polling firm Bendixen and Amandi International. In Miami, he says, Cubans tend to be more hardline against Cuba than other Cubans across the country.
For decades, he said, feelings in the Cuban American community were more monolithic as almost everyone supported the economic embargo and other sanctions.
"There's been a recalibration" in the Cuban American community, Amandi said, particularly among people under 45, whose lives were not upended as their parents' and grandparents' lives were when they fled Cuba after Fidel Castro took over in 1959.
For anyone under 45, today's announcement is the "most momentous" regarding relations between the two countries, he says.
Not all older Cubans opposed Obama's moves.
Antonio Garcia-Crews spent 16 years as a political prisoner in Cuba before fleeing for the United States in 1979. The immigration attorney in Altamonte Springs, Fla., far from the exile hotbed of Miami, said he came out of that prison realizing that the U.S. stance on Cuba was contributing to Castro's grip on the island.
"I realized that the Cuban government hid behind the embargo to maintain the repression against the Cuban people," said Garcia-Crews, 75. "The road we've been taking doesn't go anywhere. We have to find a new road, and this is the first step on that road, on the road to democracy. Because now, it removes the argument from the Cuban government that it's the victim."
Cuban-American politicians mostly fell in the hardliner camp, panning Obama for working with Raúl Castro, who they say heads an oppressive regime, while expressing relief that Gross was freed.
Menendez, the son of Cuban immigrants who left the island for New York City in 1953, said in a written statement, "President Obama's actions have vindicated the brutal behavior of the Cuban government."
He said Gross's release is a profound relief for his family but that he should have been released unconditionally five years ago.
"Let's be clear, this was not a 'humanitarian' act by the Castro regime," he said. "It was a swap of convicted spies for an innocent American."
"Trading Mr. Gross for three convicted criminals sets an extremely dangerous precedent," he said, adding that he worries that Wednesday's actions will put thousands of Americans who work overseas at risk if they are arrested and used by "rogue regimes" as bargaining chips.
Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, R-Fla., said he, too, was "relieved" that Gross was freed, but he echoed the sentiments of many in Miami who said they were repulsed by how it came about.
Diaz-Balart said Obama gave Castro everything he wanted: full diplomatic relations, more access to U.S. money and broader ability to work with American companies. In exchange, Cuba has promised nothing, he said.
"This is the ultimate bailout," he said.
Cuba is reportedly freeing an additional 53 political prisoners as part of the deal, but Diaz-Balart said that was a trick Cuba has pulled several times before. He said thousands of people have been arrested for political purposes this year, so 53 release is a drop in the bucket.
He worried about the signal that he said Obama's move sends to the world.
"This will not only give a green light to Castro to continue to repress the Cuban people, but it is a very dangerous sign to other rogue regimes and terrorist organizations that President Obama will give you whatever you want," he said.
Bello reported from McLean, Va. Contributing: Laura Ruane, The (Fort Myers) News-Press, and Rick Neale, Florida Today in Melbourne.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1DP4gZz
NY-based mixed-media artist, Jenn Cacciola is currently working on a large-scale, multi-layered tapestry piece that employs audio interviews and other recordings as a "soundtrack," to be projected from the piece during exhibitions. She is now in residency at the Sheen Center for Thought & Culture in Manhattan, conducting personal one-on-one interviews with and simultaneously creating portraits of volunteers, that will be an essential part of research for the piece. The project seeks to question how growth occurs while a person is affected by environments, decisions, circumstances, and the intersection between the self and others, using ecological/botanical metaphor for human growth in various social environments.
Participants receive a print of the portrait created during their interview session. Prints will be mailed at a later date, once they are crafted from the original drawings.
Instagram #whoareyouinterviews
Facebook @whoareyouinterviews
Support the project further on Kickstarter
FAQs
Are there ID or minimum age requirements to enter the event?
Be sure to bring an ID with you that matches the name on your ticket. There's no age limit, but participants under 18 need to be accompanied by an adult and require a legal guardian consent form to be completed prior to the session.
How is all this gonna go down?
Once registering, the participant will receive an email from the artist in order to schedule their session. The interviewee will sit down one-on-one with the artist and will be asked a series of questions relating to their personal experiences, while being drawn by the artist. The session will be recorded by audio, portions of which will be used in the final artwork. Depending on the amount of detail in responses offered by the interviewee, the entire session could range from 1.5 - 2 hours long. The art print of the portrait created during the session will not be received by the participant on the day of the interview, but will be mailed at a later date following the interview. Prints will not be shipped internationally.
How can I contact the organizer with any questions?
Add any questions into the message field of the form at http://www.jenncacciolastudio.com/contact/.
Can I update my registration information?
Of course! Just send another message with your necessary updates. In the case that another individual will be taking your place, please be sure to notify the artist of the change before arriving - via the message form above.
Is it ok if the name on my ticket or registration doesn't match the person who attends?
No, the ID of the person who attends should match the name on the registration. If you are unable to attend your session, please unregister yourself, and have the individual taking your place register themselves for a session.
Can I bring all my friends?
Sure, but in the interest of protecting the authenticity of the experience, only one interviewee will be allowed in the room at a time.
What are my transportation/parking options for getting to and from the event?
Subway lines B, D, F, M, 4, 6, N & R.
Buses: M21, M1 & M15
Parking can be found at any of these nearby lots:
Icon Parking
303 Elizabeth Street
New York, NY 10012
(212) 219-9562
Edison ParkFast
375 Lafayette St
New York, NY 10003
(212) 253-6950
Central Parking
22 East 1st Street
New York, NY 10003
(800) 836-6666
The importance of Australians having the knowledge and skills to participate as active citizens is always a prominent issue. But in the past few months, it has been at the forefront of public discussion.
Recently, the federal government announced significant changes to citizenship laws, which includes a tougher test. It argues that more care is needed to ensure all new migrants understand the rules and responsibilities associated with becoming an Australian.
However, it's not just new arrivals who may be unsure about the workings of Australia's system of government and democracy. Many of Australia's more established citizens may also be in the dark. With several federal MPs waiting for the High Court to determine their eligibility to remain in parliament, it appears that even some of our politicians are unsure of what the rules actually are.
This links in with questions about whether young Australians are being taught enough about our system of government, especially as little is known about the formation of political behaviour of young Australians.
The latest results from the National Assessment Program for Civics and Citizenship show that less than 50% of Year 10 students across the country achieved the Proficient Standard. New South Wales was the only state that achieved a passing grade at 51%. Tasmania and the Northern Territory scored a very low 32% and 20% respectively.
Further reading: Giving voice to the young: survey shows people want under-18s involved in politics
Civics and citizenship education in Australian schools
In recent decades, successive federal governments have sought to improve Australians' knowledge and understanding of their citizenship responsibilities.
The need for Australian students to become “active and informed citizens” was recognised at a meeting of the Ministerial Council on Education, Employment, Training and Youth Affairs in 2008, and adopted the Melbourne Declaration on Educational Goals for Young Australians.
Civics and Citizenship is part of the Australian Curriculum and is taught to students from Year 3 to Year 10. The assumption is that if children learn the principles of government and democracy at school, they will be engaged and active citizens when they can vote at 18.
But it seems many young people still aren't sure about how Australia's system of government works by the time they leave school. And they may also not have the skills to confidently participate in the political process.
In our research, we have been speaking to Australians aged 18 and 19 about how they learnt about politics, and if they feel ready to participate in democracy. Their accounts are interesting, if somewhat worrying.
A common concern of these young people is that they feel ill-equipped to participate in the political process. They expressed uncertainty about the powers of state and federal governments, and were unsure about the roles of the Senate and House of Representatives.
Many also felt perplexed by the voting system, to the point of lodging donkey votes or even informal ballots if they did not have parental guidance. How governments are formed and prime ministers selected also puzzled many.
While many were passionate about issues in the political debate such as marriage equality, they felt their limited knowledge hindered their ability to truly grasp the intricacies of the process to change the rules.
These young people, however, had an appetite to learn about the Australian system and wished they had done a compulsory set of classes on the subject. For example, many wanted to have learned about the different voting systems when they were in upper secondary school.
A national problem
There is consensus about the importance of having a population that has knowledge about how their system of government and democracy operates. In particular, an informed citizenry is able to participate in the democratic process and better hold decision-makers to account.
The stories of the young people we've spoken with indicate that it's crucial for Australians to know about how their government works if they are to make informed decisions at the ballot box. If they do not possess this knowledge, they cannot vote with confidence or clarity.
How young people learn about their nation's democracy is at the heart of this issue, and is something that must be examined by state and national governments.
Otherwise, in a country that has compulsory voting, this shortfall in knowledge not only deprives young citizens from having a meaningful say about their nation, but also works against building a more inclusive political system.
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) today told the Delhi High Court that it has suffered loss of gas worth Rs 30,000 crore as a result of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) exploiting gas from its natural gas block in Krishna-Godavari basin.
RIL contended before the court of Justice Manmohan that an independent expert panel can determine whether its gas well is interconnected with that of ONGC and what is the quantum of gas withdrawn by RIL and other issues raised by the PSU.
The Centre, represented by advocate Neeraj Chaudhari, meanwhile submitted before the court that as per a meeting held between the two companies and Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH), it has been decided to appoint an expert panel.
After going through the minutes of the meeting, the court asked ONGC to file its counter to the same and listed the matter for further hearing on August 12.
As per the minutes of the meeting held on May 23, 2014, it has been decided by ONGC, RIL and DGH to send enquiry notices to four third party consultants prior to appointment of one of them as the expert panel.
It was also decided in the meeting that all data that will be shared with the finally selected independent agency and it will be done through DGH.
After appointment of the independent agency, ONGC, RIL and DGH would work out the project management modalities, the minutes said.
ONGC in its plea has contended that RIL has drawn out 18 billion cubic meters of natural gas from the combined reserves of both companies since 2009.
"The present petition is necessitated in view of bona fide belief on the part of the petitioner (ONGC), based on the seismic data made available by Respondent 3 (RIL) very recently in 2013-14 which suggests that while exploiting its own block and operating four wells for that purpose, RIL has exploited not only natural gas within its Block but has exploited substantial natural gas from Blocks in the control of ONGC," the PSU's petition also said.
During the proceedings, ONGC alleged that the current situation arose due to lack of vigilance on the part of the DGH and the Central government and their failure to take precautionary measures resulted in loss of several thousands of crores of rupees to it.
It said that DGH should have insisted upon joint development of the blocks.
ONGC has claimed that of the said total quantity of gas exploited by RIL from its block adjoining that of the PSU, more than half belongs to it.
RIL said that the blocks were given to it in 2006 and it made the same operational.
While it admitted that it is drawing gas from its block, it said that the independent expert panel will have to determine if the well of the company is connected with that of ONGC.
ONGC, in its petition, has also accused the government and RIL of not having followed the mechanism internationally accepted for joint development and which has been expressly provided in the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) signed between the Petroleum and Natural Gas ministry and RIL.
It has submitted that owing to the fact that the blocks of RIL and ONGC were adjacent to each other, the government should have ordered that they be jointly exploited by both of them.
ONGC has also sought directions to RIL to give an undertaking that it would compensate the PSU if the Mukesh Ambani-led group is held liable for the same.
It has also sought directions to RIL to "submit full accounts of the gas produced and to be produced and sold and to be sold and the values thereof from its four wells for the period from the date of actual production till date and for future production."
A team-by-team look at the most underrated players in the division.
Arizona Cardinals
Lyle Sendlein, center: Fifty-four consecutive starts, including six in the postseason, haven't gotten much acclaim for the most consistent player on the Cardinals' offensive line. Guard Deuce Lutui's fluctuating weight has made news. Tackle Levi Brown gets significant attention as the fifth player chosen in the 2007 draft. More recently, guard Alan Faneca made headlines for retiring after a career that makes him a future candidate for the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Sendlein skates through mostly unnoticed, generally a good thing for an offensive lineman. He is tough, dependable and keeps a low profile. No wonder line coach Russ Grimm likes him so much.
St. Louis Rams
James Hall, defensive end: Hall collected 10.5 sacks for the Rams last season. The organization celebrated by drafting his replacement, Robert Quinn. As much as the move made sense -- Hall is 34 years old, after all -- it also fit perfectly with Hall's career. He wasn't drafted out of Michigan in 2000, but he was a full-time starter for the Detroit Lions by 2002. The Rams have used two first-round picks on defensive ends since Hall joined the team in 2007. It will be an upset, however, if Hall gives up his starting job this season. He's a good all-around player with a very strong bull rush.
Defensive end Isaac Sopoaga has only missed one game over the past six seasons. Mark J. Rebilas/US Presswire
San Francisco 49ers
Isaac Sopoaga, defensive end: 49ers linebacker Patrick Willis and defensive end Justin Smith keep going to Pro Bowls. Nose tackle Aubrayo Franklin played last season as the team's franchise player. Sopoaga, meanwhile, kept plugging away as a mainstay on the line. He has missed only one game over the past six seasons, all with the 49ers. Sopoaga holds up well against the run. He has the versatility to play more than one position on the line. He will be additionally valuable to the team if Franklin leaves in free agency. A fourth-round choice in 2004, Sopoaga has developed nicely underline coach Jim Tomsula.
Seattle Seahawks
Chris Clemons, defensive end: The Seahawks hoped Clemons would benefit from a change of scenery in 2010, but there was no indication the seventh-year veteran would suddenly become one of the better pass-rushers in the league. Clemons collected a team-high 11 sacks in his first season with the team. His toughness stood out. Clemons played through injuries and brought needed attitude to the defense. After six seasons with three other teams, the 29-year-old Clemons appears to have found a home in Seattle. He was particularly productive against NFC West teams, collecting seven of his sacks against division opponents and adding one more during the postseason.
Republican Iowa State Rep. Jeff Kaufmann, speaker pro tem of the Iowa State House, was caught joking on a hot mic that a proposal which would allow state residents to carry weapons in public without permission from a sheriff and without any training or a background check might better be called the “give-a-handgun-to-a-schizophrenic-bill.”The Des Moines Register reports that the comment was caught on video during a discussion of House Study bill 219, the so-called “Alaska carry” legislation after a similar law in Alaska.
As the members discuss pulling Rep. Ron Jorgenson from leading debate on a controversial union collective bargaining bill, Rep. Erik Helland, jokes that he's going to get stuck carrying the bill because he's the “dirty hatchet man for the caucus” because he's “expendable.”
When another lawmaker asks what the “Alaska carry” bill is, Kaufmann helpfully explains that it is “the crazy, give-a-handgun-to-a-schizophrenic bill” before someone informs them that the microphone is on.
“Rep. Kaufmann's characterization of this bill and the entire conversation proves that even Republicans know HSB 219 is a dangerous piece of legislation that jeopardizes public safety,” Iowa Democratic Party Chairwoman Sue Dvorsky told the newspaper.
The bill sounds like the type of bill that the National Rifle Association promised to support when they wrote in January that they'd support legislation in Iowa which would “allow individuals who lawfully possess firearms–meaning individuals who are not federally prohibited from shipping, transporting, possessing, or receiving a firearm–to either open or conceal carry without a permit.”
BitClave's token sale has finished, having met the hard cap of $25.5 million within 32 seconds after the official start of the sale on Nov 29. There were 13 168 transactions made during the crowdsale. It's a tremendous result, that highlights the level of interest and confidence in the concept and suggests a bright future for the project.
But participants that did not pass KYC verification will get their contribution back after the completion of KYC procedure.
We are still going through KYC process. Unfortunately, but it could happen, that some participants will not pass the KYC verification and their tokens will be returned back to the token sale pool. Here is how the process looks like: After the KYC documents are submitted, we will run through verification procedure and will communicate the results as soon as these are available. If you do not see any notification, it means your application is still in process and there is nothing to worry about.
Participants that did not pass KYC verification will get their contribution back after the completion of KYC procedure
Participants that did not pass KYC verification will get their contribution back after the completion of KYC procedure
This process will take at least 5 days and at most 4 weeks
The tokens will be locked till completion of KYC procedure for all participants. That means you still can make a deposit now, and in case some tokens will get available, your deposit will get processed. You can withdraw this deposit any time and we will automatically return your deposit in case tokens are not available.
More info https://medium.com/bitclave/bitclave-token-sale-completed-within-seconds-f27a51d48f91
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( more information Join over 3.000 visitors who are receiving our newsletter and learn how to optimize your blog for search engines, find free traffic, and monetize your website. We hate spam. Your email address will not be sold or shared with anyone else.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
A voter inserts his paper ballot at the Belvedere Park polling booth in East Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes)
The American Legislative Exchange Council operated for almost forty years with scant notice, quietly connecting corporate interests with conservative legislators to impose one-size-fits-all “model legislation” on the states. Since ALEC's secrets began leaking last year, however, its corporate members have been subjected to the sort of scrutiny—and antipathy—that CEOs and investors find most unsettling. Ad Policy
Take Action: Blow the Whistle on ALEC
Some, like Pepsi, quietly left ALEC earlier this year, as Color of Change, the Urban League, NAACP, People for the American Way and other groups raised a ruckus over ALEC's push for harsh voter ID laws and related voter-suppression initiatives. But after the Trayvon Martin shooting focused attention on Florida's Stand Your Ground law—and on ALEC's role in passing similar laws nationwide—the exodus truly began. Prodded by a coalition including Common Cause and the Center for Media and Democracy, Coca-Cola, Kraft Foods, Intuit and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced that they would drop their memberships.
The campaign worked: on April 17 ALEC announced it would shut down the Public Safety and Elections task force, which had spawned “shoot first” laws, voter ID rules, prison privatization schemes and measures to crack down on immigrants.
This is a big deal. A year ago most Americans had never heard of ALEC. But after the leaking of hundreds of its documents to the Center for Media and Democracy and The Nation last summer and the digital campaign of the past several weeks (ALEC's director of external affairs admitted that the group is “getting absolutely killed in social media venues”), ALEC is no longer the shadowy figure it once was.
ALEC will survive, of course, kept afloat largely by the billionaire Koch brothers and their corporate allies. But as activists keep up the pressure, they must not lose sight of the worst culprits, who must be identified and targeted: the more than 2,000 legislative members of ALEC. The Center for Media and Democracy maintains a list of lawmakers allied with ALEC at ALECexposed.org. The Progressive Change Campaign Committee has begun to pressure dozens of Democrats involved with the overwhelmingly Republican group to quit. Their exit from ALEC would put the lie to the claim that ALEC is nonpartisan.
Common Cause argues that ALEC has abused its tax-exempt status by lobbying, and Wisconsin State Representative Mark Pocan has introduced a bill requiring ALEC to register as a lobbyist in that state. But especially as November approaches, the Exit ALEC movement must go beyond the group to confront some of the damage it has done. In the past two years, thirty-four states have introduced bills to restrict voting for some 5 million eligible voters; nine have passed voter ID laws; dozens of other states have gotten rid of early voting or tried to hobble voter registration drives. In Florida get-out-the-vote efforts by the League of Women Voters and Rock the Vote have been sabotaged. The most affected are blacks, Latinos and other groups that skew Democratic.
For this reason, The Nation has teamed up with Colorlines.com to cast a vigilant eye on such anti-democratic efforts in the coming months, while also campaigning for universal voter registration. The best way to undo the damage done by ALEC is to replace voter suppression laws with voter engagement laws, which give power to the people—and remove it from ALEC's backroom dealers.
Read this editorial in Spanish.
Take Action: Blow the Whistle on ALEC
Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Akka, Java 8 streams and Quasar: The classic use cases to the newest concurrency approaches for Java developers
There's a lot of chatter going around about newer concepts in concurrency, yet many developers haven't had a chance to wrap their heads around them yet. In this post we'll go through the things you need to know about Java 8 streams, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Quasar fibers and the Reactive programming approach – and help you stay in the loop, especially if you're not working with them on a regular basis. It's not the future, this is happening right now.
What are we dealing with here?
When talking about concurrency, a good way to characterize the issue at hand is answering a few questions to get better feel for it:
Is it a data processing task? If so, can it be broken down to independent pieces of work? What's the relationship between the OS, the JVM and your code? (Native threads Vs. light-weight threads) How many machines and processors are involved? (Single core Vs. Multicore)
Let's go through each of these and figure out the best use cases to each approach.
1. From Thread Pools to Parallel Streams
Data processing on single machines, letting the Java take care of thread handling
With Java 8, we've been introduced to the new Stream API that allows applying aggregate operations like Filter, Sort or Map on streams of data. Another thing Streams allow to are parallel operations on multicore machines when applying .parallelStream() – Splitting the work between threads using the Fork/Join framework introduced in Java 7. An evolution from the Java 6 java.util.concurrency library, where we met the ExecutorService which creates and handles our worker thread pools.
Fork/Join is also built on top of the ExecuterService, the main difference from a traditional thread pool is how they distribute the work between threads and thereby multicore machine support. With a simple ExecuterService you're in full control of the workload distribution between worker threads, determining the size of each task for the threads to handle. With Fork/Join on the other hand, there's a work-stealing algorithm in place that abstracts workload handling between threads. In a nutshell, this allows large tasks to be divided to smaller ones (forked), and processed in different threads, eventually joining the results – Balancing the the work between threads. However, it's not a silver bullet.
Sometimes Parallel Streams may even slow you down, so you'll need to think it through. Adding .parallelStream() to your methods can cause bottlenecks and slowdowns (some 15% slower on this benchmark we ran), the fine line goes through the number of threads. Let's say we're already running multiple threads and we're using .parallelStream() in some of them, adding more and more threads to the pool. This could easily turn into more than our cores could handle, and slow everything down due to increased context switching.
Bottom line: Parallel Streams abstract handling threads on a single machine in a way that distributes the workload between your cores. However, if you want to use them efficiently it's critical to keep the hardware in mind not spawn more threads than your machine can handle.
2. Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark
Heavy duty lifting: Big data processing across multiple machines
Moving on to multiple machines, petabytes of data, and tasks that resemble pulling all tweets that mention Java from Twitter or heavy-duty machine learning algorithms. When speaking of Hadoop, it's important to take another step and think of the wider framework and its components: The Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), a resource management platform (YARN), the data processing module (MapReduce) and other libraries and utilities needed for Hadoop (Common). On top of these come other optional tools like a database which runs on top of HDFS (HBase), a platform for a querying language (Pig), and a data warehouse infrastructure (Hive) to name a few of the popular ones.
This is where Apache Spark steps in as a new data processing module, famous for its in-memory performance and the use of fast performing Resilient Distributed Datasets (RDDs), unlike the Hadoop MapReduce which doesn't employ in-memory (and on-disk) operations as efficiently. The latest benchmark released by Databricks shows that Spark was 3x faster than Hadoop in sorting a petabyte of data, while using 10x fewer nodes.
The classic use case for Hadoop would be querying data, while Spark is getting famous for its fast runtimes of machine learning algorithms. But this is only the tip of the iceberg, as stated by Databricks: “Spark enables applications in Hadoop clusters to run up to 100x faster in memory, and 10x faster even when running on disk”.
Bottom line: Spark is the new rising star in Hadoop's ecosystem. There's a common misconception that we're talking about something unrelated or competing, but I believe that what we're seeing here is the evolution of the framework.
Java / Scala Developers – Know when and why production code breaks – read more
3. Quasar fibers
Breaking native threads to virtual light-weight threads
We've had the chance to run through the Hadoop, now let's back to single machines. In fact, let's zoom in even further than the standard multithreaded Java application and focus on one single thread. As far as we're concerned, HotSpot JVM threads are the same as native OS threads, holding one thread and running “virtual” threads within it is what fibers are all about. Java doesn't have a native fibers support, but no worries, Quasar by Parallel Universe got us covered.
Quasar is an open source JVM library that supports fibers (Also known as light weight threads), and also acts as an Actor Framework, which I'll mention later. Context switching is the name of the game here. As we're limited by the number of cores, once the native thread count grows larger we're subjected to more and more context switching overhead. One way around this is fibers, using a single thread that supports “multithreading”. Looks like a case of threadcepiton.
Fibers can also be seen as an evolution from thread pools, dodging the dangers of thread overload we went through with Parallel Streams. They make it easier to scale threads and allow a significantly larger number of concurrent “light” threads. They're not intended to replace threads and should be used for code that blocks relatively often, it's like they're acting as true async threads.
Bottom line: Parallel Universe is offering a fresh approach to concurrency in Java, haven't reached v1.0 yet but definitely worth checking out.
4. Actors & Reactive Programming
A different model for handling concurrency in Java
In the Reactive Manifesto, the new movement is described with 4 principles: Responsive, Resilient, Elastic and Message-Driven. Which basically means fast, fault tolerant, scalable and suuports non-blocking communication.
Let's see how Akka Actors support that. To simplify things, think of Actors as people that have a state and a certain behavior, communicating by exchanging messages that go to each other's mailbox. An Actor system as a whole should be created per application, with a hierarchy that breaks down tasks to smaller tasks so that each actor has only one supervising actor at most. An actor can either take care of the task, break it down event further with delegation to another actor or in case of failure, escalate it to his supervisor. Either way, messages shouldn't include behavior or share mutable states, each Actor has an isolated stated and behavior of its own.
It's a paradigm shift from the concurrency models most developers are used to. And a bit of an off-shoot from the evolution in the first 3 topics we covered here. Although its roots stem back from the 70's, its been under the radar just until recent years with a revival to better fit modern application demands. Parallel Universe's Quasar also supports Actor, based on its light-weight threads. The main difference in implementation lies in the fibers/light-weight threads.
Bottom line: Taking on the Actor model takes managing thread pools off your back, leaving it to the toolkit. The revival of interest comes from the kind of problems applications deal with today, highly concurrent systems with much more cores that we can work with.
Conclusion
We've ran through 4 methods to solve problems using concurrent or parallel algorithms with the most interesting approaches to tackle today's challenges. Hopefully this helped pique your interest and get a better view of the hot topics in concurrency today. Going beyond the thread pools, there's a trend of delegating this responsibility to the language and its tools – Focusing dev resources on shipping new functionality rather than spending countless hours solving race conditions and locks.
Know great Java hacks? Always wanted to share coding insights with fellow developers?
If you want to contribute to OverOps Blog, and reach more than 80,000 developers a month, we're looking for guest writers! Shoot us an email with your idea for a guest post: hello@overops.com.
CHICAGO — The ancient Assyrians considered the Tigris River the division between East and West, and the city I come from in Iraq is called Mosul — connection point, in Arabic — because it connects these two sides. Nineveh, which lay on the eastern bank of the Tigris, was a capital of the great Assyrian empire. When Arabs arrived in the seventh century, they preferred to live at a distance from it, on the western bank, where the modern city of Mosul is today.
Growing up in Mosul, we were told that with the passage of time, the two peoples came to know one another, and exchanged words, languages, customs and rituals. Assyrians came to understand and speak Arabic, Arabs began to understand Assyrian, and in times of need they united. When enemies attacked the city, the Mosul story goes, Assyrians and Arabs joined together to fight off invaders.
These days Mosul is once again a site of combat — but it is far more divided. As I write from my home in Chicago, I have been watching the images on Al Jazeera and other Arabic-language networks: thick black smoke from the oil wells that the Islamic State has set alight clouding the sky over Mosul. Iraqi military forces are trying to reclaim my hometown from the jihadist group that took it over in June 2014. But the Iraqi military is working hand in hand with Iran-backed Shiite militias. Sectarianism is rife; tens of thousands of Sunnis flee their homes in fear. The Mosul I once knew is long gone.
Mosul is an extension of the Nineveh plains, and an early homeland of Christianity. Before the fall of Saddam Hussein, there were dozens of Christian villages thriving in the Nineveh plains. Christians had lived normal lives in Mosul, for the most part, and over time became prominent scholars, doctors, lawyers and writers, and respected, active figures proportionate to their number in society. They made up a little less than a quarter of the city's population, according to the oldest statistics available, from 1912. I recall that in the days after Iraq gained independence and before a 1958 coup brought Arab nationalists to power, Mosul was represented in Parliament by four Muslim representatives and one Christian.
Video
India's railways move millions of people around the country every day. And now thanks to optic fibre they are moving data too.
Some 45,000km (28,000 miles) of cable run alongside India's rail tracks taking high speed free wi-fi to some 115 stations on the network in a scheme made possible by Google.
Wi-fi is transforming the railway stations turning them into digital as well as railway hubs and giving businesses a boost too.
BBC Click's David Reid went to Jaipur station to find out more.
You can see Click: India's internet on rails over the weekend of 26 and 27 August 2017 on BBC World News and the BBC News Channel and after on BBCiPlayer (UK only)
This programme was first transmitted in March 2017.
Read and watch more stories from India
-A curious adult from Texas
February 9, 2007
You are exactly right. A bone marrow transplant turns the patient into a chimera. What I mean is that the DNA in their blood is different than the DNA in the rest of their cells.
In theory, this could complicate a criminal investigation. In fact, there is at least one case where it did. Before going into that, though, let's go a bit more into how DNA testing and bone marrow transplants work.
DNA has been used in the courtroom as evidence for the last 25 years or so. It has helped convict the guilty and set free the innocent. And it isn't just for the courtroom.
DNA testing (also called DNA typing) can be used to figure out who the father of a child is. It can also be used to figure out fertility issues. Or to figure out if someone is a match for a bone marrow or organ transplant. DNA testing is everywhere!
DNA typing is based on the fact that every cell in a human body contains identical DNA and that everyone's DNA is different. DNA testing can be done by collecting DNA from very small amounts of human hair, bone, skin tissue, saliva, semen, and blood.
Every person differs from each other in around 0.1% of their DNA. Scientists have identified 13 places on our DNA that are very different between individuals. They use those areas to produce profiles that can distinguish one individual from another.
The way these tests are usually done, though, a person's DNA has to be the same in every cell. But this isn't always the case.
Sometimes people are born with two different sets of DNA (click here to learn more). These folks are called chimeras.
And sometimes a person develops different DNA later in life. A common example is small DNA changes that happen in some of our cells over time. These folks are called mosaics.
Mosaics usually aren't a problem because DNA tests look at 13 different spots. The odds are slim that one of these 13 will be the one that gets changed. And it is even less likely that two will change.
It is also possible to artificially end up with different DNA in some of our cells. Some ways are temporary (like blood transfusions). But others like bone marrow transplants are permanent.
A bone marrow transplant is used to treat a number of illnesses. It can treat people with various blood and bone marrow diseases. It is also used in the treatment of some forms of cancer.
The way it works is a doctor first destroys a patient's blood cells or bone marrow. This is often done with chemotherapy or radiation. The doctor then puts in new bone marrow from a matched donor.
OK, interesting but why would that affect a DNA test? Because the new bone marrow cells have the donor's DNA. And bone marrow contains blood stem cells. These blood stem cells are responsible for making our blood.
Our blood cells need to be replaced constantly (this is why a blood transfusion only temporarily changes the DNA profile of our blood). What this means in a bone marrow transplant patient is that his or her blood comes from the donor's stem cells. And so has the donor's DNA.
Now it used to be that patients had all of their bone marrow destroyed. Which meant that the donor's bone marrow completely replaced theirs.
Recently some bone marrow transplant patients get lower doses of chemotherapy and radiation that don't kill all of their bone marrow cells. These patients will have some of their own bone marrow and some of the donor bone marrow. This means their blood DNA profile will be a mixture of both the donor and recipient.
Theoretically this is all fascinating. But has it ever affected a real case? Yes.
Abirami Chidambaram of the Alaska State Scientific Crime Detection Laboratory in Anchorage gave details about one such case. The case involved a serious sexual assault.
Semen was collected at the crime scene and the semen DNA matched a blood sample from a known criminal in the data base. But this person whose blood matched the semen was in jail when the physical attack happened. At the same time the crime sample also matched the DNA profile of another person.
At first all the detectives were confused by this case. With good detective work they found out that both people had the same last names and were brothers.
They discovered that the person who was in jail received bone marrow from his brother several years earlier. So, his blood DNA profile was the same as his brother's blood DNA profile. But his cheek swab DNA profile was different from his brother's.
This case shows that it is very important to test both blood and another tissue in a suspect's body to make sure they show the same DNA profile. So police may have to check both blood and cheek samples to be sure of recognizing a transplant recipient. Or even a natural born chimera.
This case also points out the small risk that potential marrow donors take by having their DNA profile turning up in a crime database if the recipient later commits a crime. But this risk is probably better than the alternative.
Dr. Azita Alizadeh
Officials say just 272 Syrians and Eritreans have been transferred from Greece and Italy to other countries in the continent Donate to the Guardian's charity appeal for refugees
European countries have relocatedjust 0.17% of the asylum seekers they promised to welcome four months ago, it has emerged, in a revelation that campaigners say is the latest failure of Europe's confused response to the continent's refugee crisis.
EU officials announced this week that just 272 Syrians and Eritreans have been formally transferred (pdf) from the countries on the front line of the migration crisis, Greece and Italy, to countries elsewhere in the continent. It constitutes 0.17% of the 160,000 refugees that EU members pledged to share at a summit in September, and 0.03% of the 1,008,616 asylum seekers who arrived by sea in 2015.
Europe's slow response stands in sharp contrast to the accelerating nature of the crisis, with the daily arrival rate to Greece now 11 times higher than it was in January 2015. On Tuesday, at least 34 people died in the Aegean sea between Greece and Turkey in the first such shipwrecks of 2016.
Many of those who do reach Greece are nominally supposed to be shared between other countries in the EU, under the terms of the September agreement. But according to figures released this week, 19 EU countries have not relieved Greece and Italy of any asylum seekers, while those that have are largely the countries that are already bearing a significant share of the continent's refugee burden, such as Sweden and Germany.
European countries have also failed to provide the full quota of border guards they pledged to send to Greece and Italy in September – with just 447 guards provided out of a promised 775. Hungary, one of the loudest proponents of a more heavily fortified European border, has seconded just four guards to border duty in Greece and Italy.
EU governments push through divisive deal to share 120,000 refugees Read more
Campaigners say the slow response to the crisis is compounding the problem. The EU's September agreement was meant to give a semblance of order to the distribution of migrants across the continent. But Steve Symonds, Amnesty International UK's refugee and migrant rights programme director, said that Europe's failure to uphold the agreement is adding to the chaos, since it gives asylum seekers no incentive to stay put in Greece and wait to be redistributed.
“Many of the people that this is supposed to affect are not making the [asylum] claims in Greece and Italy because they don't trust the system and are therefore prepared to move on in their own way,” Symonds said.
He added: “It really shows a failure of all states to properly commit themselves to this from the start. It has never got off the ground and the UK's decision even before the relocation [to opt out of the process completely] has not encouraged other states to participate. Although they've formally signed up, they've done so without any commitment.”
Greece and Italy's foreign ministries did not make any spokespeople available for comment.
Share. Whoopsie. Whoopsie.
Far Cry 4's director has announced anyone complaining the PC version of the game doesn't contain field of view (FOV) options are in fact revealing they pirated the game.
Taking to Twitter, Alex Hutchinson explained that as legitimate copies of the game will connect to the internet and receive the feature via Day One patch, those complaining that no such feature is present are outing themselves as having illegal copies.
Exit Theatre Mode
"PC players!" he begins, "If you're online complaining about the lack of FOV control ... You pirated the game."
Complaints about the issue are rife, from Reddit to Twitter, though such high numbers probably don't surprise the company too much. Way back in August 2012, the company's CEO Yves Guillemot claimed between 93 and 95 percent of PC gamers pirate some their games (though Ubisoft later clarified that this applied only to certain popular franchises in some territories).
Despite a rocky launch, Far Cry 4 has stabilised enough for us to finish our review of the ambitious title, so be sure to check out our verdict.
Luke Karmali is IGN UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
A pilot threatened to crash his passenger jet with 200 people on board if his wife left him – but was stopped by police just minutes before take-off, it has emerged.
The Italian father was intercepted by officers at Fiumicino airport after his wife warned police he was planning to kill himself.
He was about to take control of a Rome to Japan flight but was substituted at the 11th hour, with passengers left unaware of the switch.
A pilot threatened to crash his passenger jet with 200 people on board when his wife said she was leaving him, but was stopped by police just minutes before taking off at Fiumicino airport (file picture above) in Rome
The incident, which has only now been revealed, happened in January, two months before Andreas Lubitz killed 149 people when he deliberately crashed his Germanwings jet while suffering mental health problems.
The Italian pilot, who is in his 40s but has not been identified, was already known to police after his wife reported him for mistreatment, it was reported by The Times which cited local media.
He threatened to take his own life when his wife initially said she was leaving him.
But when she refused to change her mind, he texted her to say that he was going to crash his plane with 200 people on board that night.
She immediately contacted police who alerted airport officials.
The pilot, from Padua, Italy, was suspended and is still undergoing psychiatric tests.
The incident, which has only now been revealed, happened two months before Andreas Lubitz (pictured) killed 149 people when he deliberately crashed his Germanwings jet while suffering mental health problems
The Italian pilots' union, Anpac, said another incident also happened three years ago when an Alitalia pilot was suspended after his wife raised the alarm.
But he has now been reinstated on the condition that he undergoes various checks.
Lubitz, a 27-year-old co-pilot, deliberately crashed the Germanwings jet en route from Barcelona to Duesseldorf on March 24 last year, killing all 150 people on board.
He locked his captain out of the cockpit before nosediving into the French Alps.
The most violent and beloved runner in Seahawks history is hurting. Marshawn Lynch held out of training camp last season due to a dispute about compensation, but his health may be the deciding factor in determining whether he returns for another year. Pete Carroll and John Schneider have been vocal about their desire to have Lynch back. Multiple sources have indicated they are prepared to double his salary. It may not be enough, and Seahawks fans should consider that it may be best for both sides for Lynch to hang up his cleats.
Few things in football are more compelling than watching Lynch punish defenders. He is an inspiration to fans, players and coaches. He is devastating to opponents. The idea of losing that from an offense that struggled at times last season causes panic in most fans. Take a moment to consider the full picture and that feeling should subside.
Banner free agent class
There are those that are arguing this is the best free agent class in NFL history. It is easy to see why with depth at key positions like defensive tackle, defensive end, tight end, and wide receiver. Seattle just so happens to have needs are the positions where rare talent is available. Groups like this do not come around very often, and the Seahawks ability to dip into this pool of players is greatly impacted by the money earmarked for Lynch.
No guarantee next season will resemble previous seasons
Assume that Lynch does return. There is a very real chance that he is not able to overcome the back injury that has plagued him the past few seasons. It definitely impacted him more this year than last year.
Nobody wants to see the Beast tamed and broken
Forget the effect to the offense. Think of what it would be like to see this proud warrior go out on a down note. This is a player who should leave the game on his terms at the top of his position.
The assumption that everything will just continue as it has should Lynch resign is naive. Durability and degradation of running backs near the age of 30 is well documented in the NFL. Seattle was in a similar position with a far less physical runner in Shaun Alexander, and chose to give him big money. That was money poorly spent on a player who never approached his past production.
Time is now to transition the offense
Robert Turbin is a free agent after next season. Christine Michael has only two years left on his deal. Even if Lynch did return and make it through the year, the chances that he would be back in 2016 are very slim. That would leave Seattle without anywhere close to enough information about how Turbin and Michael are worth in this offense.
There are also some decent runners in this draft who the team could learn about this year to help inform their future plans. Running back is one position that can have immediate impact as a rookie. The team would be hard-pressed to keep four true running backs on the roster if Lynch returns, so a player who could help after he leaves would be let go. That feels short-sighted for a team that prides itself on a win forever long view of roster management.
Russell Wilson needs to improve the team's ability to be efficient in the passing game with, or without, Lynch in the backfield. Expecting to be a championship team again that relies so heavily on the run is not realistic. That is not to suggest a major shift away from being a run-first team. Getting back to the formula from 2012 and 2013 would be an improvement. There would be less of a safety net for that without Lynch, but that might help coaches and players focus on the task at hand even more.
Tom Cable knows running
For all the fair criticism Tom Cable receives for his tendency to field poor pass blocking lines, there is no doubt the man knows how to clear the path for a running game. The Raiders were in the top ten in rushing yards for three of the four seasons he coached there with players like Justin Fargas, LaMont Jordan, and Michael Bush in the backfield.
Lynch ran for 1,306 yards on 280 carries last year. Turbin ran for 310 yards on 74 carries, and Michael ran for 175 yards on 34 carries. There is a very real chance that the Seahawks would get more rushing yards from the combination of Turbin and Michael than what Lynch produced last season. If you just took those 280 carries and doled them out at the same ratio that Turbin and Michael ran last year (69% Turbin vs 31% Michael) and at their same rate of yards per carry, you wind up with 192 carries for Turbin and 803 yards plus 88 carries for Michael and 454 yards. That is a total of 1,257 yards.
Of course it is not that simple. The point is the cupboard is not bare. Michael has a career average of nearly 5.0 yards per carry. He is a very different back from Lynch, but has tremendous upside if he can find a way to stay on the field. None of those calculations even include the possibility of a rookie running back joining the fray. The yards may not come on runs as punishing as what Lynch features. The fumbles could increase. But the breakaway runs could also increase. The likelihood of these young backs being available for all 16 games also is higher than Lynch persevering again.
If you love it, let it go
Lynch will be leaving the NFL soon one way or another. The hope here is that it is on his terms, and with his head held high. It is scary for Seahawks fans to ponder what the offense will look like without him. Plenty of pundits will tell you the whole offense relies on him and the team will take a big fall when he moves on. I am here to tell you otherwise.
The $10M the Seahawks would spend on Lynch this year could go a long ways toward helping this team transition into their next stage. Passing on great players in order to retain a player who, at best, will last one more season is only in this team's best interest if you believe the championship window is just one more year. It is not. At least, it does not need to be if courageous decisions can be made.
This is one Seahawks fan who is hoping the last memory of Beast Mode is punishing the Packers, the Patriots, and the press.
"Hunger Strike" is a song by the American rock band Temple of the Dog. Written by vocalist Chris Cornell, "Hunger Strike" was released in 1991 as the first single from the band's sole studio album, Temple of the Dog (1991). It was Temple of the Dog's most popular song. The song peaked at number four on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Origin and recording [ edit ]
"Hunger Strike" was written by vocalist Chris Cornell. It features a duet between Cornell and vocalist Eddie Vedder. Cornell was having trouble with the vocals at practice, when Vedder stepped in. Cornell later said "he sang half of that song not even knowing that I'd wanted the part to be there and he sang it exactly the way I was thinking about doing it, just instinctively."[2] "Hunger Strike" became Temple of the Dog's breakout single; it was also Vedder's first featured vocal on a record.[3]
Cornell on the song:
When we started rehearsing the songs, I had pulled out "Hunger Strike" and I had this feeling it was just kind of gonna be filler, it didn't feel like a real song. Eddie was sitting there kind of waiting for a (Mookie Blaylock) rehearsal and I was singing parts, and he kind of humbly—but with some balls—walked up to the mic and started singing the low parts for me because he saw it was kind of hard. We got through a couple choruses of him doing that and suddenly the light bulb came on in my head, this guy's voice is amazing for these low parts. History wrote itself after that, that became the single.[4]
Guitarist Mike McCready on the song:
I remember thinking that this was a really beautiful song when I heard it. Chris Cornell (Soundgarden) showed me the riff. I had a '62 reissue Strat and I wanted to use the fourth-position tone setting—between the bridge and middle pickups—for the beginning of the song because I like that softer sound. Then I kicked it to the front pickup for the heavier part of the song. This is one of many amazing songs written by Chris.[5]
Eddie Vedder on the song:
It was during that same week that I was up there [In Seattle rehearsing with Pearl Jam]. Day four maybe, or day five, they did a Temple [of the Dog] rehearsal after our afternoon rehearsal. I got to watch these songs, and watch how Chris [Cornell] was working, and watch Matt [Cameron] play drums. It got to "Hunger Strike" — I was sitting in the corner, putting duct tape on a little African drum. About two-thirds of the way through, he was having to cut off the one line, and start the other. I'm not now, and certainly wasn't then, self-assured or cocky, but I could hear what he was trying to do, so I walked up to the mic — which I'm really surprised I did — and sang the other part, "Going hungry, going hungry." The next time I was up, he asked if I'd record it — so it was just me and Chris in the same studio that we made [1991's] Ten record. I really like hearing that song. I feel like I could be real proud of it — because one, I didn't write it, and two, it was such a nice way to be ushered onto vinyl for the first time. I'm indebted to Chris time eternal for being invited onto that track.[6]
That was the first time I heard myself on a real record. It could be one of my favorite songs that I've ever been on — or the most meaningful.[7]
Release and reception [ edit ]
In the summer of 1992, the album received new attention. Although it had been released more than a year earlier, A&M Records realized that they had in their catalog what was essentially a collaboration between Soundgarden and Pearl Jam, who had both risen to mainstream attention in the months since the album's release with their respective albums, Badmotorfinger and Ten. A&M decided to reissue the album and promote "Hunger Strike" as a single. "Hunger Strike" became the most successful song from Temple of the Dog on the American rock charts. The song peaked at number four on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number seven on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. Jim Guerinot, A&M's senior VP of marketing at the time, said, "I don't think that anyone would have paid attention if 'Hunger Strike' wasn't a great song."[8] It still receives regular radio play on many hard rock radio stations.
Outside the United States, the single was released in Australia, Canada, Germany, and the United Kingdom. In Canada, the song reached the top 50 on the Canadian Singles Chart. "Hunger Strike" reached the top 60 in the UK.
David Fricke of Rolling Stone said, "Cornell and Vedder . . . turn its four minutes into a veritable opera of rock-star guilt. . . . Cornell turns on the Robert Plant-style napalm full blast, but it is Vedder's scorched introspection that brings the conscience in the song to a full boil. 'Hunger Strike' was his first starring vocal on record; it is still one of his best."[9]
Music videos [ edit ]
The original music video for "Hunger Strike" was directed by Paul Rachman who also directed the 2006 punk documentary American Hardcore. A&M decided to reissue the album and promote "Hunger Strike" as a single, with an accompanying music video. The video features the band performing the song on a beach and in a forest. The video was filmed at Discovery Park in Seattle, Washington. The West Point Lighthouse is featured in the video. There are two different versions of the video for the track. The music video is playable in the video game Guitar Hero Live.
The music video for the 2016 mix, also directed by Rachman, was filmed at an abandoned elementary school on March 7, 1991. Only Chris Cornell and Eddie Vedder appeared in the video. It premiered on Vevo on September 2, 2016.
Live performances [ edit ]
"Hunger Strike" was first performed live at the band's November 13, 1990 concert in Seattle, Washington at the Off Ramp Café.[10] In the time since the album's release, the band reformed for short live performances on four occasions where both Soundgarden and Pearl Jam were performing. Temple of the Dog performed "Hunger Strike" on October 3, 1991 at the Foundations Forum in Los Angeles, California;[10] October 6, 1991 at the Hollywood Palladium in Hollywood for the RIP Magazine 5th anniversary party;[11] August 14, 1992 at Lake Fairfax Park in Reston, Virginia; and September 13, 1992 at Irvine Meadows Amphitheater in Irvine, California (both shows were part of the Lollapalooza festival series in 1992).[12] Pearl Jam has played the song, without Cornell, on several occasions, most notably during the 1996 tour.
Temple of the Dog reunited to perform the song during a Pearl Jam show at the Santa Barbara Bowl in Santa Barbara, California on October 28, 2003. Vedder and Corin Tucker of Sleater-Kinney performed a rendition of "Hunger Strike" that is viewable as an Easter egg on disc 1 of the Pearl Jam Live at the Garden DVD. Chris Cornell performed the song live several times with Audioslave, Brad Wilk singing Vedder's parts. Pearl Jam also performed the song in Antwerp and Barcelona in 2006 with Andrew Stockdale of Wolfmother singing Cornell's parts. Cornell added "Hunger Strike" to his solo live set in 2007.[13][14] Cornell also performed the song on Linkin Park's Projekt Revolution tour singing Vedder's part with Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington joining in to sing Cornell's part.
On October 6, 2009, Pearl Jam played in Los Angeles at the Gibson Amphitheatre. They were joined onstage by Cornell to perform the song.[15]
On September 3 and 4, 2011 Pearl Jam played at the Alpine Valley Music Theatre as part of the PJ20 destination weekend in celebration of the band's 20 years together, Cornell joined onstage to perform the song as well as several other lengthy Temple of the Dog and Mother Love Bone tracks.
At the Bridge School Benefit on October 25 and 26, 2014 Pearl Jam were once again joined onstage with Cornell to play the song.[16] The October 26 concert marked the last time that Vedder and Cornell performed the song together.[17]
On July 22, 2015 Halestorm and Corey Taylor performed this song during the 2015 Alternative Press Music Awards.[18]
On August 9, 2015 Zac Brown Band performed this song during the final show of their three night stand at Boston's Fenway Park.
The original members of Temple of the Dog (minus Vedder), performed the song during the band's first tour in the fall of 2016 in celebration of the 25th anniversary of their self-titled album,[19][20] with the crowd singing Vedder's parts. "It was one of the most emotional moments in the show", Cornell said.[21] During the concert at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle on November 21, 2016, Chris Cornell dedicated the song to Eddie Vedder and asked for the crowd to sing Vedder's part.[22]
Cover versions [ edit ]
"Hunger Strike" was recorded by Halestorm and released as part of their 2011 Reanimate: The Covers EP.
Seventh Day Slumber also covered "Hunger Strike" on their 2015 Redline (EP) with Kevin Young from Disciple singing Eddie Vedder's first verse and then switching to sing Chris Cornell's high parts.
In memory of Chris Cornell during his remembrance at Rock on the Range 2017 in Columbus, OH on 5/19/2017 - "Hunger Strike" was performed by Corey Taylor and Christian Martucci, with supporting vocals from the thousands in attendance. "Wish you Were Here" was also performed by the members of Stone Sour to celebrate Cornell's memory.
In remembrance and honor of Chris Cornell, Umphrey's McGee covered 'Hunger Strike' on 5/18/2017 at the NorVa in Norfolk, VA . the song was performed within their own song, Der Bluten Kat to open the second set.
Track listing [ edit ]
All songs written by Chris Cornell, except where noted: 7" vinyl (Germany and UK), 7" promotional vinyl (UK), CD (Australia), and Cassette (UK)
"Hunger Strike" – 4:03 "All Night Thing" – 3:52
12" vinyl (UK), 12" promotional vinyl (UK), CD (Germany and UK), and Promotional CD (UK)
"Hunger Strike" – 4:03 "Your Saviour" – 4:02 "All Night Thing" – 3:52
Promotional CD (Canada) and Promotional CD (US)
"Hunger Strike" – 4:03
Promotional Cassette (US)
Chart positions [ edit ]
Chart (2017) Peak
position US Hot Rock Songs (Billboard)[28] 16 US Rock Digital Song Sales (Billboard)[29] 8
Vladimir Putin lobbed in a linguistic incendiary when he denounced the protests in Ukraine as something "more like a pogrom than a revolution" during a visit to Armenia. In doing so he summoned up the tragic ghosts of the tsars, the Stalin purges and the Holocaust.
The dictionary defintion of pogrom is:
pogrom [ˈpɒgrəm]
n. an organised persecution or extermination of an ethnic group, esp of Jews
[via Yiddish from Russian: destruction, from po- like + grom thunder]
synonyms: massacre, slaughter, wholesale slaughter, mass killing, mass murder, decimation, carnage, bloodbath, bloodletting, butchery, genocide, holocaust, Shoah, ethnic cleansing, mega-death
True enough, Ukraine was at the centre of the tsarist pogrom, the late 19th century strategy employed to divert the rage of the peasant masses on to their many Jewish neighbours, egged on by medieval Christians' Christ-killer dogma.
The Bolshevik revolution brought ferocious pogroms by anti-communist Cossacks (the Russo-KKK), white Russians and Ukrainian nationalists.
A lifetime of incredibe violence and insecurity drove a significant Jewish swathe to feverishly embrace the Communist dream of a "workers' paradise" and the abolition of bigotry, which only served to intensify the hatred against their fellow Jews - aligned or not.
Thus, obscure, toxic anti-Semitic tracts still highlight the Jewish-born commissars responsible for implementing Stalin's agricultural collectivisation that caused mega-starvation in Ukraine in the early 1930s. Millions died and cannibalism was widespread, events now commemorated in Ukraine every November as Holodomor or the Great Famine.
Whether it influenced the fury with which the patriotic Ukrainian mob, later organised into auxiliary units of the Nazi death machine to enthusiastically butcher the Jews once the Hitler's Panzers rolled into Kiev, is no excuse.
Hence, Putin's pogrom jibe at the pro-EU demonstrators in contemporary Ukraine is pretty crude, a smear against pro-Western Ukrainian nationalists that paints them as a reactionary force with an anti-Semitic, tsarist, Nazi lineage, and ignoring the fact that it is the protesters who are being brutalised by the pro-Russian leadership of the country.
That said, the Ukrainian-born Hollywood actress Mila Kunis might disagree. In 2012, a nationalist politician Igor Miroshnichenko claimed that the Ted star was not a true Ukrainian and called her a "zhydovka", which translates as "dirty Jewess". The Ukrainian justice ministry ruled that using the term to describe a Jewish person was legal and turned back a petition demanding that the word be banned from the public sphere.
But Putin's hijacking of pogrom imagery is a seedy business for it is he who, surely more than anybody, is seeking to reinvent the tsarist strongman ruling 21st century Russia.
The city's new, redesigned info pillars that have been rapidly popping up around Toronto have made plenty of enemies: road users claim the large, flat sides block sight lines, pedestrians say their positioning blocks sidewalks, and many others are concerned about the large amount of space given over to advertisers by Astral Media, the company that designs, installs and maintains the pillars on behalf of the city.
Well, no more. A team of artists, cARTographyTO, hacked into roughly 35 of the signs' ad spaces over the weekend and installed maps, artwork and other visual displays. The group, whose leaders want to remain anonymous while the art work is in place, say they want to bring the issue to the attention of the wider public and force Astral to reconsider the design of these info pillars, something they previously said they wouldn't do.
"We found [the pillars] to be quite offensive to our public spaces," a group spokesperson told me last night. "Their main purpose is advertising - they are basically billboards masquerading as information sources."
Using special tools, a co-ordinated team of workers cracked open the poster space, removed the ads (leaving any PSAs) and installed new material. The group used security screws to seal the work in place and slow down Astral's removal of the work, which, it seems, has already begun.
Several months in the making, CARTographyTO formed through word of mouth when the first pillars were sunk into the sidewalk: concerned citizens, artists and others with a creative streak came together with the desire to reclaim the lost public space in their neighbourhoods.
But it wasn't just the cumbersome design of the pillars that frustrated cARTographyTO's members - the methods Astral used to install the structures were also a major point of contention: multiple bike posts - some with bikes still attached - and, according to the group, a tree were cut down to make space on the sidewalk. The media group's contact with the city, which ostensibly provides a public service with small local maps, is lampooned in much of the guerrilla artwork's subject material.
Where there was once ads for beer and wine, hand-drawn local maps now guide visitors and locals around nearby streets. Other installations play on the uselessness of the ad space by adding a bench or riff on the sense that the city has sold portions of the sidewalk by adding real-life bouncers and a dress code. In that sense the project recalls an earlier info pillar intervention featuring a chalk board and the more recent hack job of Astral ad space at TTC streetcar stops. Overall, the plan is to reclaim the signs for genuine public service and provoke discussion.
"It will be interesting to see [Astral Media's] reaction," the spokesperson continues. "It would really be in their best interest not to draw extra attention to it, because it will just bring bad press. We haven't spoken to a single person in favour of these things, everyone has been very supportive of what we're doing."
"We hope that if these pillars continue to remain in place that the public won't stand for it and the city won't stand for it. We know that many councillors, once they saw these things, felt like they had been tricked. If they do stay, we hope that the pressure remains on [Astral]. This is an ongoing concern for us."
UPDATE: 10:40 AM
Hugues Mousseau, director of corporate communications and synergies for Astral Media, says in an email:
"Small isolated incident - no comments to make."
Apparently the company isn't concerned, but I would hardly call these ad replacements "isolated."
UPDATE: 7:30 PM
Astral Media has released a statement about the weekend's ad-busting:
"Astral deplores the acts of vandalism committed this weekend against the InfoPillars in the City of Toronto. The Toronto Street Furniture (TSF) program is a world class project that provides important services to residents of the City - including transit shelters, litter bins and public benches. It also creates revenue that is exclusively directed for reinvestment in city streets.
Only 16% of all structures in the program are ad bearing but they are essential to funding the construction and maintenance of an overall rollout of approximately 25,000 pieces. The TSF program will provide approximately $1 billion in value to the city over a 20 year contract (started in fall 2007). We have requested the Toronto police investigate these illegal acts and ensure that appropriate action is taken to enforce the law in this matter."
So, not happy. It will be interesting to see what (if any) action the police take. During my interview with cARTographyTO, they emphasized that the installation team were careful not to damage the info pillars in any way. It's probably in Astral's best interest to let this one go.
ADDITIONAL PHOTOS
Photos: Lead images by emaninTdot in the blogTO Flickr pool. All others by Martinho. See more on Flickr here.
Re: Column
From:cheryl.mills@gmail.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2014-01-08 01:45 Subject: Re: Column
Got it - thanks cdm On Jan 7, 2014, at 9:43 PM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> wrote: > To you only: Brent Budowsky. Leftie with no following, but clearly Roy sort of agrees with concerns . > > JP > --Sent from my iPad-- > john.podesta@gmail.com > For scheduling: eryn.sepp@gmail.com > > On Jan 7, 2014, at 8:49 PM, Cheryl Mills <cheryl.mills@gmail.com> wrote: > >> i will send some thoughts for collective point of view - agree with pir - over the top and not accurate and i want to give you points to respond >> >> >> On Tue, Jan 7, 2014 at 8:18 PM, Roy Spence <Roy.Spence@gsdm.com> wrote: >>> Hey I kept it confidential…he/she is kinda serious writer-but that is not my point…just want to get clear on our collective POV at this stage of the journey… >>> >>> >>> >>> From: PIR [mailto:preines.hrco@gmail.com] >>> Sent: Tuesday, January 07, 2014 7:07 PM >>> To: Roy Spence; Jim Kennedy; Minyon Moore; Cheryl Mills; Judy Trabulsi; John Podesta; Maggie Williams >>> Subject: Column >>> >>> >>> >>> Roy, I can't tell from the chain – who sent you that original e-mailing saying they were about to write a column? It's awfully belligerent. But if it's someone serious, we should start by presenting an alternative view. >>> >>> >>> >>> >>> >>> From: Jim Kennedy <jkennedy2006@gmail.com> >>> Date: Tuesday, January 7, 2014 at 1:23 PM >>> To: Minyon Moore <Mmoore@deweysquare.com> >>> Cc: Roy Spence <Roy.Spence@gsdm.com>, CDM <Cheryl.mills@gmail.com>, Judy Trabulsi <Judy.Trabulsi@gsdm.com>, PIR <preines@gmail.com>, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com>, Maggie Williams <williamsbarrett@aol.com> >>> Subject: Re: Hi there...this is from a Writer Friend of mine-who do I talk to about stuff like this??? >>> >>> >>> >>> yes, agreed. happy to participate and brainstorm. as noted, stories will keep coming no matter what (and it's almost always the political reporters doing it, not policy-focused ones - and maybe one thing to do - and it may well be happening - is figure out some of the key policy wonk journalists who would be interested in a deeper dive into her work on early childhood, women & girls and economic development for young people in order to at least balance the other coverage a bit. Plus force-feed some coverage through scheduling that involves camera-ready (and twitter-ready) events that also yield more substantive coverage). >>> >>> >>> >>> On Tue, Jan 7, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Minyon Moore <MMoore@deweysquare.com> wrote: >>> >>> As number 25 and now that have the dubious distinction of not only looking like HRC but being named an organizer of said briefing “to frankly preserve her options” I agree with Cheryl a small call to talk about how to recalibrate (if that is even real) would be great. >>> >>> >>> >>> Minyon.m >>> >>> "Seize this very minute; what you can do or dream, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic." >>> >>> enVision.Believe.Create >>> >>> >>> >>> >>> >>> From: Roy Spence [mailto:Roy.Spence@gsdm.com] >>> Sent: Tuesday, January 07, 2014 11:37 AM >>> To: Cheryl Mills >>> >>> >>> Cc: Judy Trabulsi; Philippe Reines; Minyon Moore; John Podesta; Maggie Williams; Jim Kennedy >>> >>> Subject: RE: Hi there...this is from a Writer Friend of mine-who do I talk to about stuff like this??? >>> >>> >>> >>> Hi all…!!! >>> >>> >>> >>> From: Cheryl Mills [mailto:cheryl.mills@gmail.com] >>> Sent: Tuesday, January 07, 2014 10:36 AM >>> To: Roy Spence >>> Cc: Judy Trabulsi; Philippe Reines; Minyon Moore; John Podesta; Maggie Williams; Jim Kennedy >>> Subject: Re: Hi there...this is from a Writer Friend of mine-who do I talk to about stuff like this??? >>> >>> >>> >>> Here is the real challenge: truth vs. reality. >>> >>> >>> >>> 1. she has no paid consultants doing politics >>> >>> >>> >>> 2. she is as horrified as all of us that maggie H wrote this piece but shutting down these articles is hard given they have decided to cover her. >>> >>> >>> >>> 3. newsmaker attribute to her what others are doing - so the PACS are treated as her even though she can't and isn't involved with them. >>> >>> >>> >>> so it would be great to brainstorm how that changes. >>> >>> >>> >>> I am happy to convene such a gathering/call - though it will get reported if someone talks as a political meeting rather than one designed to preserve her options. >>> >>> >>> >>> adding others (john p, pir, minyon, maggie, jim K) who can be reflective about this. >>> >>> >>> >>> cdm >>> >>> >>> >>> On Tue, Jan 7, 2014 at 11:23 AM, Roy Spence <Roy.Spence@gsdm.com> wrote: >>> >>> Roy-Don't be surprised if I write a column soon that Hillary is going to blow it, and is repeating her mistakes of 2008, with stories about her "shadow campaign" of consultants milking her for a lot of money, while she gives paid speeches to banks, while she acts like an incumbent, and says virtually nothing important about what Democrats stand for, while the most admired person in the world is the pope for saying the kind of things she should be saying but isn't about economic fairness. This has got to be the worst pre-campaign in my memory. Imagine running as the candidate for the Democratic nomination as the >>> >>> candidate of banks, consultants and insiders. Unbelievable. >>> >>> >>> >>> Ride at Dawn >>> >>> >>> >>> ————————————————————— >>> >>> This e-mail is intended only for the named person or entity to which it is addressed and contains valuable business information that is proprietary, privileged, confidential and/or otherwise protected from disclosure. If you received this email in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution or copying of this email is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error via email to disclaimerinquiries@gsdm.com and please delete the email from your system, retaining no copies in any media. We appreciate your cooperation. >>> ----------gsdm.legal.disclaimer.03242011 >>
After fighting for three decades to legally marry his long-term partner, pioneering Taiwanese gay rights activist Chi Chia-wei said he was “leaping with joy like a bird” on Wednesday, when Taiwan's top court cleared the way for the island to become the first country in Asia to legalise same-sex marriage.
“It's been a long fight, and I'm in need of a good sleep,” Mr Chi, 59, told The Telegraph. “But I now believe it will be possible to change the law within two years. If the ruling party is aggressive then even by this summer.”
The constitutional court ruled that Taiwan's current Civil Code, which stipulates an agreement to marry can only be made between a man and a woman, “violated” the constitution's guarantees of freedom of marriage and people's equality.
"Further examinations are necessary" to determine if the patient has come down with the deadly novel coronavirus, the health ministry said in a statement.
The patient shared a hospital room with a 65-year-old man who is in intensive care in northern France after being diagnosed with the virus that has killed 18 people, mostly in Saudi Arabia.
The regional health authority said the man, who was hospitalised after returning from a holiday in Dubai in April, was being treated in isolation in a "very serious but stable condition".
The virus, known as nCoV-EMC, is a cousin of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which triggered a scare 10 years ago when it erupted in east Asia, leaping to humans from animal hosts and killing some 800 people.
It was first detected in September 2012 and since then more than 30 cases have been reported in different countries, with 18 deaths.
Oath Keepers founder Stewart Rhodes told a Montana “patriot movement” radio program last week that the government is using the Jade Helm 15 military training exercise — a routine exercise that has become the center of an elaborate far-right conspiracy theory — to test who in the military and elected office will resist a future implementation of martial law.
“I think Jade Helm is in part conditioning and vetting of the military to see who will and will not go along,” Rhodes told the “ Liberty Brothers” radio program, adding that the training exercise would quickly change from preparation for deployment overseas to experimenting in going after right-wing groups.
“I think it's also conditioning and assessment and vetting of the local politicians,” he added. “Who raises questions? Who has any serious, meaningful questions about what we're doing with this exercise? They put their name down. I think they're figuring out who is loyal and who is not loyal and who is likely to go along, with the town councils and county commissioners as well.”
He added that the exercise is also “meant to condition the public” and “intimidate” those who are on to the plot by telling them, “Resistance is futile, if you dare to oppose us this is what will happen, Navy Seals and Delta Force will come get you.”
Rhodes added that when he was in the Army in the 1980s, he “probably wouldn't have blinked” at such an exercise, but “this is a different world we're in” because “we have a government that's made it very clear it considers veterans and gun owners and anybody who's a constitutionalist to be the future enemy.”
The Supreme Court is declining to decide whether downloading a song is a public performance requiring artists to get paid additional royalties.
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, known as ASCAP, asked the justices to review a lower court decision that said downloading songs from iTunes, Amazon, eMusic or even music-sharing services do not count as public performances, and hence additional royalties are unwarranted. On Monday, the court let stand that decision without comment.
The group, with 400,000 members, maintained in its petition to the justices that the Copyright Act demanded the extra royalties, which could amount to tens of millions of dollars in extra revenue annually. The appeals court said that downloading a music file is more aptly characterized as "reproducing" that file, and not subject to performance rights.
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of appeals, ruling against ASCAP, said "perform," as outlined in Section 101 of the Copyright Act, means to "recite, render, play, dance or act it either directly or by means of any device or process."
ASCAP licenses the right to perform publicly the musical works of its members to a diverse array of music users, including internet and network-based sites and services, television and radio stations, restaurants, hotels and sports arenas.
The artists, represented by Theodore Olson, a former U.S. solicitor general, told the justices in their petition that the case was of "vital importance." (.pdf)
"If the Second Circuit's decision stands, songwriters and music publishers across the nation will be denied their statutory right to receive royalties for public performances when their works are downloaded over the internet – which is already one of the most prevalent means for the dissemination of copyrighted musical works," Olson wrote.
The government, backed by Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr., a former Recording Industry Association of America attorney, urged the justices to reject ASCAP's petition.
"Because the download itself involves no dancing, acting, reciting, rendering, or playing of the musical work encoded in the digital transmission, it is not a performance of that work," the government wrote the justices.
See SCOTUSblog for documents in the case.
Photo: Phil Dokas/Flickr
See Also:- ASCAP Assails Free-Culture, Digital-Rights Groups
A French economist who correctly forecast Donald Trump's US election win has predicted Marine Le Pen will sweep to victory in France's presidential race.
Charles Gave said the number of voters yet to make up their minds - estimated at 40 per cent - was bad news for current frontrunner centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron, and could see the Front National leader emerge victorious.
Mr Gave believes only Mr Gave believes only scandal-hit Francois Fillon , who is currently polling in third place, could see off Ms Le Pen in the second round run-off on 7 May.
“Le Pen's momentum is a slow-moving reaction against the men of Davos - as we have seen with Brexit and Trump - but markets don't want to believe it,” he told “Le Pen's momentum is a slow-moving reaction against the men of Davos - as we have seen with Brexit and Trump - but markets don't want to believe it,” he told Bloomberg ​ ahead of the first round of voting on 23 April.
Mr Gave, who heads asset-allocation consultancy GaveKal Research, is advising clients to prepare for a Le Pen presidency.
He believes at least half of both the far-left and centre-right would rather abstain than vote for Mr Macron in the second round.
He also thinks supporters of Mr Fillon, along with a number of Mr Macron's followers, could rally for a Le Pen win if she is faced with Jean-Luc Melenchon in the second round.
The prediction is one of many theories in a race that has been repeatedly labelled too close to call.
 World news in pictures  
 50 show all   World news in pictures
  1/50 20 April 2017 In this handout provided by NASA, the Soyuz MS-04 rocket carrying Expedition 51 Soyuz Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin of Roscosmos and Flight Engineer Jack Fischer of NASA launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Baikonur, Kazakhstan Getty Images
2/50 20 April 2017 Visitors listen to remarks by IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde on a giant monitor in the atrium of the IMF headquarters during a press briefing to open the IMF and World Bank's 2017 Annual Spring Meetings, in Washington DC Reuters
3/50 20 April 2017 A Kashmiri school girl throws stones at Indian paramilitary soldiers during a protest in Srinagar, Indian controlled Kashmir AP
4/50 20 April 2017 Kashmiri school girls tend to wounded girl after she was hit by a stone during a protest in Srinagar, Indian controlled Kashmir. Government forces in Indian-controlled Kashmir on Thursday fired tear gas to stop student demonstrations as sporadic protests by students continued on straight fourth day even as authorities closed colleges and universities in the restive region. The students have been protesting since Monday against a police raid in a college in southern Pulwama town on Saturday in which at least 50 students were injured AP
5/50 20 April 2017 Former president of Madrid, Esperanza Aguirre addresses the media after testifying in the Guertel political corruption case at the National Court in Madrid, Spain EPA
6/50 20 April 2017 US Defense Secretary James Mattis briefs reporters after his arrival in Tel Aviv, Israel AP
7/50 20 April 2017 An exterior view for the Holy Shrine of Imam Musa al-Kadim in the Kadhimiyah district of Baghdad, Iraq. Tens of thousands of Shiite worshippers streamed into the Iraqi capital amid heavy security to mark the anniversary of the death of Imam Musa al-Kadim who was the seventh of the twelve Shia Imams EPA
8/50 20 April 2017 Indian nomad youths play in the water with their herd of buffaloes as they cool off in the Tawi River on a hot day on the outskirts of Jammu Getty Images
9/50 20 April 2017 Russian Defence Ministry's forest guard member controls a firefighting robot during drills to fight wildfires Getty Images
10/50 20 April 2017 A firefighting robot during drills to fight wildfires held by Russian Defence Ministry's forest guards Getty Images
11/50 19 April 2017 Demonstrators take cover with a piece of corrugated tin roofing during anti-government protests in Caracas, Venezuela. Tens of thousands of opponents of President Nicolas Maduro flooded the streets of Caracas in what's been dubbed the 'mother of all marches' against the president AP
12/50 19 April 2017 Opposition supporters clash with police during protests against unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro in San Cristobal, Venezuela Reuters
13/50 19 April 2017 Government supporters attend a rally in Caracas, Venezuela Reuters
14/50 19 April 2017 An artist's rendering of a Harper's Bazaar magazine cover is projected onto the Empire State Building's north facade to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Harper's Bazaar Magazine in New York EPA
15/50 19 April 2017 Zoe Saldana at the 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' film premiere in Los Angeles, California Rex
16/50 17 April 2017 A femen attacks Marine Le Pen as she delivers a speech in Paris Rex
17/50 16 April 2017 People take part in the Colour Run 2017 's edition in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris. The Colour Run is a five kilometres paint race without winners nor prizes, while runners are showered with coloured powder at stations along the run Getty Images
18/50 16 April 2017 A woman pours coloured powder on a man as they take part in the Colour Run 2017 's edition, in Paris Getty Images
19/50 16 April 2017 A Somali soldier patrols next to the burnt-out wreckage of a car that was used by suspected al-shabab fighters Getty Images
20/50 16 April 2017 Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) place a dead migrant on their rigid hulled inflatable boat (RHIB) into a body bag before transferring it to their ship Phoenix, after some 20 migrants drowned in the central Mediterranean in international waters off the coast of Libya Reuters
21/50 16 April 2017 Some 662 people dressed as Charlie Chaplin pose for a group photo in front of the Manoir de Ban during an attempt of the world's largest gathering of people dressed as 'The Tramp' on the occasion of Charlie Chaplin's birthday, and to celebrate the first year of the museum "Chaplin's World by Grevin", in Corsier, above Vevey, Switzerland EPA
22/50 16 April 2017 Some 662 people dressed as Charlie Chaplin pose for a group photo in front of the Manoir de Ban during an attempt of the world's largest gathering of people dressed as 'The Tramp' on the occasion of Charlie Chaplin's birthday, and to celebrate the first year of the museum "Chaplin's World by Grevin", in Corsier, above Vevey, Switzerland EPA
23/50 16 April 2017 A damaged bus is seen after an explosion yesterday at insurgent-held al-Rashideen, Aleppo province, Syria Reuters
24/50 16 April 2017 Girls enjoy ice cream in a zoo in Pyongyang, North Korea Reuters
25/50 16 April 2017 A child looks through the rear window of a bus in Pyongyang, North Korea Reuters
26/50 15 April 2017 Head of a legendary ethnic Miao goddess statue is lifted at the construction site of the statue, in Jianhe County, Guizhou Province Reuters
27/50 15 April 2017 Members of Acapulco tourist police attend injured tourists after a shootout in Acapulco, Mexico. A shootout in the tourist area of the resort left one dead and seven wounded on Saturday night, local authorities reported Getty Images
28/50 15 April 2017 Members of Acapulco tourist police attend injured tourists after a shootout in Acapulco, Mexico Getty Images
29/50 15 April 2017 A bald eagle rests on a perch at Eagle Beach State Recreation Area in Juneau, Alaska AP
30/50 15 April 2017 Competitors take part in Stage 6 of the 32nd edition of the Marathon des Sables In the dunes of Merzouga in the southern Moroccan Sahara desert Getty Images
31/50 15 April 2017 Competitors take part in Stage 6 of the 32nd edition of the Marathon des Sables In the dunes of Merzouga in the southern Moroccan Sahara desert. The 32nd edition of the marathon is a live stage 250-kilometre race through a formidable landscape in one of the world's most inhospitable climates Getty Images
32/50 15 April 2017 A Trump supporter holds on to another man for support after being pepper sprayed by protesters at a 'Patriots Day' free speech rally on April 15, 2017 in Berkeley, California Getty Images
33/50 15 April 2017 More than a dozen people were arrested after fist fights broke out at a park where supporters and opponents of President Trump had gathered Getty Images
34/50 15 April 2017 hundred people with opposing opinions on President Donald Trump threw stones, lit fires, tossed explosives and tear gas and attacked each other with makeshift weapons as police stood by Getty Images
35/50 15 April 2017 A conservative protestor squares off with a anti-fascist protestor during the Patriots Day Free Speech Rally in Berkeley, California Reuters
36/50 15 April 2017 An anti-fascist protestor is detained by law enforcement during the Patriots Day Free Speech Rally in Berkeley, California Reuters
37/50 15 April 2017 Smoke billowing following a suicide car bombing in Rashidin, west of Aleppo, that targeted buses carrying Syrians evacuated from two besieged government-held towns of Fuaa and Kafraya Getty Images
38/50 15 April 2017 Female bodybuilders prepare themselves for judging backstage during the 2017 NABBA WFF Asia Seoul Open Championship in Seoul, South Korea Getty Images
39/50 15 April 2017 Female bodybuilders prepare themselves for judging backstage during the 2017 NABBA WFF Asia Seoul Open Championship in Seoul, South Korea Getty Images
40/50 15 April 2017 North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un waving to people after the military parade in Pyongyang marking the 105th anniversary of the birth of late North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung Getty Images
41/50 15 April 2017 Korean People's Army ballistic missiles being displayed through Kim Il-Sung square during a military parade in Pyongyang marking the 105th anniversary of the birth of late North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung Getty Images
42/50 14 April 2017 Tory Lanez performs on the Sahara Stage during day 2 of the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival Getty Images
43/50 13 April 2017 Pope Francis kisses the feet of an inmate after washing it, at Paliano prison, to celebrate the Mass in Coena Domini, with the rite of the washing of the feet of some detainees, south of Rome, Italy EPA
44/50 13 April 2017 This aerial photo shows solar photovoltaic modules on a hillside in a village in Chuzhou, in eastern China's Anhui province Getty Images
45/50 13 April 2017 North Korean leader Kim Jong-un cuts the ribbon for an opening ceremony of a new residential housing project on Ryo Myong street in Pyongyang, North Korea EPA
46/50 13 April 2017 Lee Jae-yong, vice chairman of Samsung Electronics Co., arrives for his trial at the Seoul Central District Court in Seoul, South Korea. The scion of South Korea's Samsung business empire Lee appeared in court on trial for bribery and other charges AP
47/50 13 April 2017 Vietnamese national Doan Thi Huong is escorted by Malaysian police for a court appearance with Indonesian national Siti Aisyah (not pictured) at the magistrates' court in Sepang, for their alleged role in the assassination of Kim Jong-Nam, the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un Getty Images
48/50 13 April 2017 Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, who was detained in connection with the death of Kim Jong-Nam, is escorted by Malaysian police for a court appearance at magistrates' court in Sepang, Malaysia EPA
49/50 12 April 2017 Iraqi federal police fire a mortar at an Islamic State position during the battle to recapture west Mosul Getty Images
50/50 11 April 2017 A migrant sits in a tent on the land of Cedric Herrou, a French farmer and volunteer assisting migrants to cross the French-Italian border to avoid police controls, in Breil-sur-Roya, France Reuters
There has been speculation that the There has been speculation that the Champs-Elysees terror attack , which left one police officer dead and two officers injured in Paris on Thursday, could boost the chances of either a Le Pen or a Fillon presidency.
Both candidates declared “war against Islamism”, sparking widespread condemnation that they were attempting to solicit political gain from the attack.
The two candidates, along with Mr Macron, cancelled planned events on Friday, which would have been the last day of campaigning.
Figures released yesterday showed this. You may have missed them though – they went widely unreported.
They once again shattered the hollow words from Cameron's Conservative Party who once vowed to bring net migration down to “tens of thousands per year”, knowing full well that they couldn't control numbers from twenty-seven other EU nations. David Cameron's tough-talking pledge now looks as credible as Nick Clegg's promise on tuition fees.
So here are the facts: the numbers of Romanians and Bulgarians living in Britain is at an all-time high after the government opened the doors on January 1st. In fact the numbers have risen 10 percent to 153,000 since the first quarter of the year, an increase of 13,000 in the space of just three months.
But these people are all here working, contributing and paying into the pot, right? Well, aside from the many gangs of Romanian beggars that I see Londoners getting hassled by daily now, almost six out of ten Romanians and Bulgarians claim they are self-employed. That opens up an entire range of in-work benefits to them, on top of healthcare, schooling for their kids and other taxpayer-funded services.
Amazingly, some still seem to be playing down these numbers are minor.
So consider this: numbers from A8 nations such as Poland and Lithuania went up by nearly 60,000 in just three months. The total number of people from those EU countries now living in Britain now stands at getting on for 1 million. In fact, there has been a year-on-year increase of 178,000.
Whatever way you try and slice it, Britain faces a mass, uncontrolled immigration crisis. The numbers are totally out of control. Irresponsible pressure is being placed on school places and local services and housing lists. Britain has zero control on who is coming here and for what purpose.
And what do we hear from the likes of the Conservatives and Labour? Tumbleweed. Oh and don't forget, if you have concerns about this rate of immigration, you probably hate all foreigners. Naturally.
One particular group really is is benefiting massively from all of this.
There is a trend on UK crime documentaries that shows organised criminal gangs having a field day at the expense of law-abiding Brits.
‘Grand Theft Auto UK' last night was the latest to show how foreign criminals from places like Romania can waltz into Britain to steal and sell cars regardless of if they have a track record back home. British cops are at sixes and sevens having to deal with the types of people that a points-based immigration system would never allow into our country.
It was also interesting to see British criminals finding a new open-door market for the fruits of their criminal labour: it would seem that with open doors to Romania and Bulgaria, the stolen car market now has a massive export market.
Isn't it about time Britain got a grip and got back control of the borders?
Buy Z-Command from Amazon.com
Responsive web interface Intuitive, easy-to-use interface that works across devices. Easy automation Easily monitor, control, automate and secure your home or office while saving energy and money. Powerful API Every device provides a powerful API that easily integrates with most programming languages. Subscription-free Home security and monitoring without subscription payments.
Z-Command is home automation done right. Simple, yet powerful.
We made using Z-Command so easy you can set up your Z-Wave network and start monitoring and controlling your devices within 15 minutes.
Z-Command supports thermostats, binary sensors (e.g. window/door sensors), multi-level sensors (e.g. thermometers, light level sensors), switches, meters and other devices.
For companies and independent software developers looking to build a custom Z-Wave automation system, Z-Command provides a robust REST API that does everything from querying devices, to setting up user permissions and managing automation events, actions and rules.
for homes
for offices
for schools
for hotels
for farms
Z-Command does not currently support door locks. This functionality will be provided with a future update.
Z-Command –Secure. Control. Automate.
The Canadian boss of a Texas multinational energy company promoting a major oil industry expansion project says he's not "smart enough" to say how much human activity is contributing to climate change.
Kinder Morgan Canada president Ian Anderson made the comments on Thursday at a Greater Vancouver Board of Trade meeting just as environmental activists were staging sit-ins at government offices warning that the project, the controversial Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, would push Canada's climate change goals out of reach.
Climate change has been one of the dominant themes in the public debate surrounding the pipeline project, and Anderson's comments prompted one local mayor to suggest the industry executive was in "denial" about universally accepted scientific evidence.
If built, the Trans Mountain expansion would triple the capacity of an existing pipeline network that links the Edmonton and Vancouver regions, shipping roughly 890,000 barrels of crude oil and petroleum per day. As a result, it would help Canada's oilsands industry, the nation's fastest growing source of heat-trapping carbon pollution, expand by giving it access to new markets overseas from an oil terminal on the coast in Burnaby, B.C.
Anderson said there are two distinct paths of climate science and he wouldn't "judge one path versus the other," as he touted the economic and employment benefits of the project.
"We won't all agree on the science or the degree to which man influences greenhouse gases and climate change," he said. "I've read the science on both sides and don't pretend to be smart enough to know which is right."
His comments also came only days after the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) reported that 2016 was the hottest year on record, and that the concentration of carbon pollution in the atmosphere had reached levels not seen in roughly three million years.
Concern over carbon
In a media scrum afterwards, the pipeline executive told reporters he recognized that over time, society should seek to "minimize the impacts of those (fossil fuels)," but that he doesn't know enough to make a personal evaluation on the topic.
The remarks prompted his company to issue a statement later in the day that noted how he felt the discussion around climate change was an important one.
"The discussion around climate change is an important one and one that I have not shied away from," Anderson explained in the release. "There should be no misunderstanding in what I think or believe. Climate change is real. Fossil fuels lead to higher CO 2 , which in turn contributes to climate change."
Anderson's indecision coincides with the release of a final report from a special panel appointed by the Trudeau government to collect additional public feedback on the Trans Mountain expansion, and determine whether there were gaps in the initial review initiated by the former Harper government and carried out by the National Energy Board. The panel didn't make recommendations against or in favour of the Trans Mountain expansion, but noted that there wasn't enough evidence available to determine whether the project — described as being among the most "controversial in the country, perhaps in the world, today" — was in the public interest.
The NEB recommended in May that the government approve the project, subject to 157 environmental, financial, and technical conditions.
While these conditions included — for the first time in Canadian history — a requirement to quantify the direct greenhouse gas emissions after construction and offset them, the project's detractors have argued that in its evaluation of the pipeline, the NEB should have considered upstream and downstream greenhouse gas emissions, which relate to the extraction and production of oil shipped in the pipeline.
The project is expected to generate more than one million tonnes of emissions annually as it opens up access to Canadian oil for overseas buyers in Asia and Europe, creating more than $46 billion in government revenue for provincial and federal governments along the way, and at least 15,000 jobs per year during construction.
"We live in a highly competitive world," said Jeff Gaulin, vice-president of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP), the primary sponsor of Thursday's event. "The status quo is no longer good enough. Without more capital and more infrastructure projects such as pipelines, we won't be able to sustain that type of prosperity and jobs."
CAPP vice-president Jeff Gaulin touts the economic necessity of Canada's oilsands during a Greater Vancouver Board of Trade meeting on Tues. June 7, 2016. Photo by Elizabeth McSheffrey.
Constant protest across Canada
Despite both his and Anderson's assurances that the Trans Mountain pipeline would bolster Canadian economies during "tough times" and can be operated safely, the project remains the subject of heavy protest across Canada. More than a week ago, 99 students were arrested in Ottawa during a mass demonstration against the expansion, and on Thursday morning, opponents started sitting in the offices of Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett to put pressure on them to publicly oppose it.
At the Board of Trade meeting in Vancouver, armed police officers were even present to make sure protestors in the hotel lobby didn't get out of control or get close enough to disrupt the conference, entitled 'Pipeline Success: Getting to Yes Takes a Willingness to Listen and Learn.' Only a handful of demonstrators showed up however, quietly holding signs reading, "Stop Kinder Morgan," and "No pipelines."
"Justin Trudeau has very clearly said that communities grant permission for projects like these and we have clearly said no many times," said demonstrator Ariel Martz-Oberlander. "We're here to just remind them our answer is no, and our 'no' doesn't mean a maybe, and our 'no' doesn't mean convince us."
She said she and other protestors fully expect the Trudeau government to approve the Trans Mountain expansion, and if he does, she will be there.
"We're just going to meet them wherever they come," she told National Observer. "We're going to continue to show up wherever Trudeau goes. We're also going to be sitting on Burnaby Mountain when it comes to it. We're there every step of the way."
Anderson's comments "pathetically inadequate," says Burnaby mayor
When asked if it thought Anderson's indecision had a negative impact on efforts to gain social license for the project, or whether it clashed with the government's own take on human contributions to global warming, Natural Resources Canada declined to comment. In an email statement, it did however emphasize the importance of having both a strong economy and healthy environment, and said it would make its decision on the project by combining both considerations:
"The Government will make its decision on the proposed Trans Mountain Expansion project by December 19, 2016," said ministry spokesperson Danica Vaillancourt. "In making this decision, the Government will consider the Ministerial panel's report which was released today, responses to the online questionnaire, the National Energy Board's recommendation report, Environment and Climate Change Canada's assessment of upstream greenhouse gas emissions and extensive Crown consultations that were undertaken with Indigenous peoples."
Burnaby Mayor Derek Corrigan — one of the most vocal opponents to the pipeline — was less reserved in his evaluation of Anderson's comments, however, and said he was "stunned" with the executive's apparent denial. His municipality was locked in litigation with Kinder Morgan for at least two years over protests and opposition to the project itself.
"For a man who is in an industry like that, it seems to be pathetically inadequate," he told National Observer. "It's a pretty short read for anything on the other side of the debate because the conclusion that's been drawn is almost universal.
"The vast preponderance of expertise is on the side of humans being responsible for climate change... I'm stunned that Ian Anderson is in denial about something as clearly based on scientific evidence as the idea of human impact and climate change."
Kinder Morgan's Ian Anderson once did a climate change
After the controversy, Kinder Morgan's communications team also sent a link to a Trans Mountain blog post where Anderson talks in-depth about climate action and the pipeline expansion for additional context. That blog post still quotes Anderson as being unsure about the extent of human impact on global warming:
"I believe that thoroughly understanding human generated impacts on climate change will only be known sometime in the future, but we can't afford to minimize the risks," he said in the piece, dated Dec. 1, 2015.
Editor's Note: This story was updated at 4:20 p.m. to include a new statement from Ian Anderson sent by the Trans Mountain communications team.
Bernie Sanders lodged large victories in Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington on March 26. With his victories come a torrent of new pledged delegates, closing Hillary Clinton's lead and refusing his campaign with a shot of momentum. But do his wins change the delegate math; can Bernie Sanders win the nomination?
To the first question, no; to the second, it still remains unlikely.
Alaska and Washington – two caucus states with low African American populations (with whom Clinton fares well) – represent states Sanders should have handily won (and, to be fair, he exceeded expectations). Washington, furthermore, is very liberal: Seattle is the third most liberal city in America and as the predominant (pro-Sanders) force in the state, helped Sanders rack up a large margin of victory. Sanders also spent substantial time in the state knowing that if his campaign had even the slimmest hope of notching 2383 delegates, Washington was a must-win. Its demographics also were favorable to Sanders – a high white population coupled with a small African American subset played into Sanders' strengths. There's a reason 538's delegate target model showed a high Sanders target. Sanders did what he needed to do (and then some).
On the other hand, winning Alaska is fairly meaningless, as expressed by the below tweet from Washington Post reporter Philip Bump:
The state has just 16 delegates at stake and even though Sanders overwhelmingly won the state, he netted few delegates over Clinton. A strong victory in a small state is more than offset by Clinton's strength in large, diverse primaries – winning numerous Alaskas does not help Sanders win the nomination. And once more, demographics favored Sanders: though home to many minorities, few African Americans (Clinton's best demographic) reside in the state. Alaska's average age is also fairly young, another boon to Sanders. He won a favorable state, hardly a reason to believe the race has flipped, though, to his credit, Sanders surpassed expectations.
Hawaii was a wildcard. Its unique demographics made the state difficult to predict, though our model still favored Sanders. Again, Hawaii is very small with only 25 delegates up for grabs. His strong showing here, as in Alaska, netted Sanders a small amount of delegates, far from the amount needed to overcome his 300 delegate hole (which does not take into account his superdelegate deficit). The Alaskan paragraph more or less translates to Hawaii.
Winning small states, as Sanders has easily done, provides a morale boost but not a game change. The Democrats allocate delegates on a proportional basis, so even a huge victory in a small state results in single or low double digit delegate wins. Sanders has yet been able to expand his small state victories to large, diverse electorates. Those states hold large number of delegates and through those states the path to the nomination weaves. Yes, Saturday closes Sanders' delegate gap, but he comes out of these contests still trailing by around 250 delegates. That can only be scaled with large-state victories.
Sanders needs to break serve; he's winning the states in which he's favored (beating expectations in those states), but these states are small and delegate poor. He needs to pull upsets in large, diverse states, the likes of which have eluded thus far. His Michigan upset needs to happen again to keep Sanders competitive.
So, can Bernie Sanders win the nomination? Not unless he can translate these victories to momentum and poll movement, winning the Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington caucuses amounts to kicking a field goal when trailing by 18 in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl.
Bandai Namco has released new Tales of Berseria screenshots and information, introducing new characters Rokurou and Eleanor, as well as much more information about the Linear Motion Battle System.
Get the information below.
■ New Characters
Rokurou
CV: Daisuke Kishio
Daisuke Kishio Character Design: Daigo Okumura
Daigo Okumura Gender: Male
Male Age: 22
22 Height: 180cm
180cm Weapon: Dual Blades
Dual Blades Fighting Style: Dual Wielder
A cheerful and free-spirited young swordsman. He even approaches the passionate Velvet with an open attitude. A number of years prior, the Daemonblight disease broke out and he became a Daemon. But rather than get him down, he used that power in order to master his family's traditional sword techniques and continued to walk his own path. While he's a Daemon, he maintains rationale and tags along with Velvet. He unintentionally takes care of Laphicet and ends up being fairly good at it. While he carries his cherished long sword called the “Sword of Life” on his back, he stubbornly does not want to take it out. For this reason, he usually fights wielding a pair of daggers.
Eleanor
CV: Ami Koshimizu
Ami Koshimizu Character Design: Kousuke Fujishima
Kousuke Fujishima Gender: Female
Female Age: 18
18 Height: 165cm
165cm Weapon: Spear
Spear Fighting Style: Praetor
An Exorcist who belongs to the “Abbey.” As a first-class Exorcist, she runs about day and night in efforts to free the world from the Daemon threat. She is very serious and does not forget to be considerate of others, but there is a side to her that always tries to do the right thing. She tends to project her emotions easily because of her honest personality, but she is aware of her own immaturity and tries to devote herself to the heartless “truth.” Velvet bares her fangs at the Abbey, and as a Exorcist who protects the world from Daemons, Eleanor will cross swords with her a number of times.
■ Character and Story Supplements
Velvet and the Abbey
In Velvet's quest for revenge against the savior, the Abbey become an obstacle and her conflict against them deepens.
Velvet and Eleanor
As Eleanor is a Exorcist, Velvet bares her fangs against her and the two cross swords a number of times.
Exorcists and Malaks
Exorcists employ Malaks and uses their power to fight Daemons. There are also Malaks that appear as non-human, but a common point about them is that “Malaks are people without ego.”
The Existence of Daemons
The many humans affected by the Daemonblight disease go berserk and attack humans, but some of them can stay rational. Development of the disease varies, as there are those whose appearances change, as well as those whose appearances do not change, just like Velvet and Rokurou.
Velvet and Rokurou
In the wake of a certain event, Rokurou accompanies Velvet in order to return a favor. While one side of Rokurou is possessed by a strong sense of duty, he is odd in that he for some reason stubbornly does not want to take out the “Sword of Life” long sword he carries on his back. He seems to be caring and often following around Velvet.
Laphicet and Rokurou
Before having any reason to, Rokurou takes notice of Laphicet and takes care of him. He shows his helpfulness by advising Velvet on how to handle Laphicet.
First-Class Exorcist Eleanor
A usually kind woman who does not forget to be considerate of others. As an Exorcist, she not only stands against the Daemon threat, but listens to the voice of the people and and puts effort into being their power.
The Abbey and the Exorcists
The Abbey's Exorcists are dispatched to various towns and harbors to protect the people from the Daemon threat and maintain order in the country. The people welcome them as heroes, and the Abbey's ideologies are gradually spreading among them.
Misc.
People gather around the minstrels. Perhaps it's thanks to the Abbey, that even with fear of Daemons, that it appears the state of affairs is peaceful.
After coming across a Yak, Rokurou offers an explanation to Velvet. There are a variety of things to discover while walking around.
■ New Keywords
Exorcists
Holy warriors with the ability to battle Daemons. Using the power of Malaks, they use artes and fight to protect the people. Exorcists are a heroic presence for the people suffering at the hands of Daemons.
The Abbey
To save the people from the Daemon threat, the Midgand Kingdom established the Exorcists. With its original intention to “bring order and peace by carrying out the truth,” it leads the kingdom's politics and military affairs. The Exorcists are divided into classes based on ability. The head of the Exorcists is first under the Abbey, followed by the Special Class, First Class, and Second Class.
■ Liberation-Linear Motion Battle System
Arte Links
With the ability to freely customize your “Arte Sets,” anyone can let out a variety of linked artes. The same as it's been in the series so far, depending on how your artes are set, you could not only link and enjoy using artes, but once you're used to the controls, you can more freely than ever link and unleash artes to meet the demands of the situation.
Arte Sets
You can freely set artes to suit your play style using the following rules:
Artes can be set to the Circle, X, Triangle, and Square buttons.
For each button, you can set four stages of artes (four artes per button).
You can set the artes freely in your favorite spots regardless of type or order.
Since the artes you set are linked in order from the first stage to the second, third, and fourth, you should set your artes to each button while considering the combination and order of the artes you want to link.
Also, since you can modify your Arte Sets even during battle, you can freely change them based on the situation. And because your sets are never tied down, you can customize it to meet your play style.
—Additional Information #1: As the game progresses, even players who aren't used to Arte Sets can get a sense of how to combine the various artes.
—Additional Information #2: In the case that five artes are linked, the artes will start from the first stage in the set, and after reaching the fourth stage, revert to the first stage and continue.
Linking Artes
During battle, you can use the Arte Sets tied to the Circle, X, Triangle, and Square buttons. Artes are triggered from the first stage, and in the middle of a set, you can connect to a different set you want to link by pressing the artes' corresponding button. As long as you're within the amount of times you can link, you can link to any arte.
For example: You trigger the Triangle Arte Set. During its four-stage run, you can connect any of the other links by pressing one of the four face buttons. Based on the press order and combination, you can let out a variety of different patterns.
Regarding the number of links: The number of times you can link artes is determined by the amount of “Soul” the character possesses. The amount of “Soul” you possess correlates to the amount of times you can link artes. However, by using a still unannounced new element, it's possible to link artes even past that limit.
Regarding link compensation bonuses: If you meet certain requirements and link artes, various compensation bonuses will occur. Consider the order and combination when linking for a more effective bonus. Since there is a chance that you'll get an effect that increases your probability of stealing Souls, you should get familiar with the system and aim for bonuses.
Soul Gauge
The Soul Gauge is a new system that's different from the TP (Technical Points) and CC (Chain Capacity) seen in the series so far. This gauge consists of “Soul” icons, the amount of which you have are represented by a light blue diamond-shaped icon.
I. Each character that participates in battle possesses “Souls.”
II. You can link artes with only the amount of Souls you posses.
III. Souls can be stolen from the enemy, and enemies can steal Souls from you.
You'll start battle with three Soul icons, but can increase them by satisfying conditions during the battle.
Artes have a set amount of Soul Gauge points that they consume, and as you use them, your gauge will continue to decline. (One Soul is equal to 30 Soul Gauge points.) Even when your Soul Gauge reaches zero, you will still be able to use artes, but there are a variety of disadvantages, such as your attack being easily repelled. The Soul Gauge is automatically restored after a certain amount of time passes.
Stealing Souls: Both allies and enemies possess Souls, and you can steal them from enemies. The amount of Souls you have will always fluctuate in battle:
—Conditions for Increasing Souls During Battle
Defeat the enemy and steal their Souls.
Stun or inflict the enemy with a status ailment, then steal their Souls.
??? (Reveal coming in a future update.)
??? (Reveal coming in a future update.)
Use a specific item or somehow recover fallen Souls.
If a party member falls, or if you avoid an enemy attack with an Quickstep, a Soul will pop out on the battlefield.
—Conditions for Reducing Souls During Battle
If you're stunned or inflicted with a status ailment and the enemy steals your Souls.
??? (Reveal coming in a future update.)
Instead of losing Souls, there is a special action that gives you an upper hand in the fight.
The maximum amount of Souls you can possess is five, and the minimum is one (you start the battle with three).
Successfully stolen Souls will fly towards the character in a bluish-white line of light.
Souls will drop down on the battlefield, which you can recover by touching during battle.
Successfully avoid the enemy with an Quickstep and a Soul will pop out.
Basic Combat
Artes: Artes are attacks and magic techniques that you can use through assigned buttons. Artes are different for each character. Characters will continue to learn new artes as they level up. Artes can stun the enemy, inflict status ailments, hit weaknesses, and by considering the order and such that you unleash them, could help steal Souls from the enemy.
Artes are attacks and magic techniques that you can use through assigned buttons. Artes are different for each character. Characters will continue to learn new artes as they level up. Artes can stun the enemy, inflict status ailments, hit weaknesses, and by considering the order and such that you unleash them, could help steal Souls from the enemy. Souls: An icon-ification of your willpower and spiritual power that lets you link your artes based on the amount you possess. You can steal Souls from the enemy, and enemies can also steal them from you.
An icon-ification of your willpower and spiritual power that lets you link your artes based on the amount you possess. You can steal Souls from the enemy, and enemies can also steal them from you. Guard: Defend yourself from an enemy attack to lessen the damage with L1.
Defend yourself from an enemy attack to lessen the damage with L1. Quickstep: While holding down the L1 button, by flicking the left stick in any direction, you can perform an Quickstep. This can be used to avoid an enemy's attack or to move around quickly. There are bonuses to performing an Quickstep with proper timing.
Character-Specific Battle Outline
Rokuro: An advance guard-type character who fights using two swords. He can use artes with various attributes.
First up, the pink fairy armadillo–its actual name. It doesn't have wings and can't cast spells and stuff like a real fairy, but it does have a rosy shell that acts like a radiator. By pumping blood in and out of it, the armadillo can raise or lower its core temperature.
Before J. M. Barrie introduced us to the charmingly cranky and vindictive Tinker Bell, fairies had traditionally been cast as vicious scoundrels hell-bent on stealing your kids and tearing up that lawn you paid so much money for. Today the fairy is a decidedly more whimsical, endearing creature, and nowhere is it more legendary than in the deserts of Argentina.
Here dwells the remarkable pink fairy armadillo (Chlamyphorus truncatus), a 5-inch-long, quarter-pound critter with a rosy shell atop silky white hair. This smallest of all armadillos spends almost its entire life burrowing through the earth, hunting various invertebrates and chewing up plant matter. It is a rarely seen, almost totally unstudied marvel – what you read here is pretty much all we've observed about the pink fairy armadillo.
So exactly how elusive are they? Conservation biologist Mariella Superina of Argentina's National Scientific and Technical Research Council has been studying other armadillos in the pink fairy's habitat for 13 years and has never once seen one in the wild. And locals can't tell her how to track them. The only specimens she gets are injured ones found and brought in for rehabilitation or those confiscated from chuckleheads keeping them as pets.
The pink fairy armadillo's carapace gets its color from underlying blood vessels showing through. Yeah, that's a bit strange. Sorry to ruin it for you. Image: Mariella Superina
Unlike in all other armadillos, the pink fairy's shell is not fully attached to its body, instead connecting with a membrane that runs along the spinal column. The thin carapace's underlying blood vessels actually show through, giving it that beautiful hue that you're now reconsidering being beautiful because it's made of blood.
The shell's fragility and flexibility suggest the creature doesn't rely on it as armor, as other armadillos clearly do. Instead, “it is well possible that it helps them thermoregulate, like a fennec fox's ears,” Superina wrote in an email interview with WIRED, “as I've seen the carapace color change quite rapidly with changing environmental temperature, which was due to an increased (or reduced) irrigation in the blood vessels.”
Exposing more blood to cool air or soil, for example, would lower the animal's body temperature, while draining the carapace would help it better retain heat. This would prove useful because the tiny pink fairy armadillo has a higher surface-area-to-volume ratio than a large critter, and will thus lose heat more rapidly. According to Bergmann's rule, this is why we tend to find – with some exceptions – larger creatures like polar bears in cold environments and smaller ones like pink fairy armadillos in deserts.
Now, other than being a big no-no after Labor Day, white and pink might seem odd colors for a desert-dweller. Here, one must blend in with the surroundings or risk predation, but the pink fairy armadillo never spends more than a few moments above ground. It's an extremely well-adapted burrower, tunneling just 6 inches below the surface in a real-life version of Dig Dug, only the pink fairy armadillo doesn't hunt by pumping its prey full of air until they explode – as far as scientists can currently tell.
It's been written that the pink fairy armadillo is a sand-swimmer like the sandfish (which isn't a fish on account of actually being a lizard), but according to Superina this isn't the case. Instead, it's burrowing through relatively firm earth with its enormous claws – so enormous, in fact, that the critter has a difficult time walking on hard surfaces.
Because its forelimbs are tied up in digging, the pink fairy armadillo has a sort of club tail that helps it balance as a "fifth limb." It's also equipped with a butt plate, with which it compacts the dirt behind it as it advances forward, “thus closing the burrow and leaving an ‘empty space' in front of them that allows them to breathe and explore the environment,” said Superina. “I suspect this also helps them prevent burrow collapses.”
A pink fairy armadillo demonstrates its digging and butt-shoveling. This is in black and white, but trust me, the armadillo is actually pink. Video courtesy Mariella Superina; GIF by Nurie Mohamed/WIRED
Yet even with those huge claws and busy little tractor bum, the pink fairy armadillo can hit insurmountable substrate. “The majority of reported sightings we've received are from animals that were trying to cross a road or track, or appeared in the middle of a village,” she added. “The most probable explanation is that the [pink fairy armadillos] encountered a hard substrate through which they couldn't dig, emerged to cross the obstacle, and were seen by someone.”
This is where the creature runs into trouble. Attempting to cross a road, the pink fairy armadillo is often either killed outright or, perhaps just as fatefully, picked up by a human. If it's lucky, it gets taken to the authorities, who call in Superina. But if kept as a pet, it'll almost surely die from stress or the inability to adapt to an artificial diet. Superina estimates that 95 percent of pink fairy armadillos in captivity die within eight days.
And just like the earthworms I once collected and did mean things to after rainstorms (I've since publicly apologized), pink fairy armadillos can be reliably expected to make appearances during wet weather. While only 8 inches of rain may fall in a given year in its environment, when storms come they're an intense soak that inundate burrows and force the armadillo to retreat to the surface.
In addition, they may be surfacing because “if their fur gets wet, this will affect their thermoregulation – armadillos in general have problems thermoregulating,” said Superina. She also notes that another desert armadillo, the pichi, “can get a skin disease when exposed to humid substrate for prolonged periods,” and that the pink fairy may have the same susceptibility.
So we can thus only hope to steal rare glimpses of the incredible little pink fairy armadillo, a creature so scarcely seen that Superina and other scientists aren't even able to determine if it's endangered or not. There simply isn't enough data. For all they know, it could be on the brink of extinction, threatened by human encroachment on its territory.
Or it could actually be flourishing just beneath our feet like the fairies of folklore, perhaps dozens of miles away from the nearest lawn to ruin or children to steal. And maybe that's been the problem with tracking the pink fairy armadillo: not enough strategically placed babies in the desert. You can never have enough strategically placed babies, really.
Browse the full Absurd Creature of the Week archive here. Have an animal you want me to write about? Email matthew_simon@wired.com or ping me on Twitter at @mrMattSimon.
PRINCETON, NJ -- Eighty percent of those living in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area say they feel safe walking alone at night in the area where they live, the highest percentage among the 50 largest U.S. metropolitan areas. Minneapolis is followed closely by Denver, Raleigh, Boston, Salt Lake City, and Austin.
There is wide variation among the largest metro areas in residents' self-reported security. Memphis area residents are the least likely to say they feel safe walking alone at night, at 55%. Fewer than six in 10 New Orleans area residents feel safe at night in their local area, as well. Riverside, Calif.; Houston, Texas; and Jacksonville, Fla., are also among the least safe cities according to resident reports.
The data are based on Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index data collected throughout 2012. Each night, Gallup asks Americans whether they "feel safe walking alone at night in the city or area where you live?" Gallup compiled the data for residents of the 50 most populous Metropolitan Statistical Areas and weighted each sample to make sure it was demographically representative of that MSA. The full data on each MSA can be found on page two.
The average level of perceived safety among those living in the largest MSAs is 71%. The national average is slightly higher, at 72%.
Though crime statistics are not available for all MSAs, there is a strong negative correlation (-.64) between the FBI's 2010 violent crime rate for an MSA and the percentage of the MSA residents who report feeling safe -- with the cities where residents feeling safest having lower crime rates, and vice versa. Although the FBI crime rates may not be directly comparable across areas, Memphis had by far the highest violent crime rate among the 50 largest MSAs for which data were available. The FBI data did not estimate a violent crime rate for Minneapolis.
Local citizen's feelings about safety are fairly stable; compared with 2011, the average change in the percent feeling safe was one percentage point in either direction. As a result, the safest and least safe cities changed little. In 2011, Minneapolis and Boston tied with the highest percentage of residents saying they feel safe walking alone at night at 79%, followed by Raleigh and Austin residents at 77%. The least safe metro areas were Memphis (60%), Riverside (61%), New Orleans (63%), and Houston (63%).
Implications
Minneapolis-St. Paul area residents have the highest sense of personal security among Americans living in the nation's top metro areas, at least in terms of feeling safe walking alone at night in their local area. While the rank order of the top 50 on this measure may differ somewhat from other rankings of city safety, it nevertheless offers an important perspective on one aspect of how crime affects people's lives.
FBI 2010 violent crime statistics were not available for Minneapolis, so it is not possible to know if their residents' high sense of security comports with reality, but in general, areas that have lower violent crime rates tend to have a higher percentage of residents saying they feel safe. Denver, Raleigh, Boston, Salt Lake City, and Austin metro area residents also express a high degree of personal security.
On a relative basis, Memphis residents are the least likely to express a feeling of safety in their local area, consistent with the high crime rate in the Memphis area. Still, more than half of Memphis residents, 55%, say they feel safe.
By definition, the Metropolitan Statistical Areas include both a central city and suburban areas, and certainly residents in parts of lower-ranked metro areas may feel very safe, while those in certain parts of other highly ranked metro areas may feel very unsafe. Gallup data do not allow for such a fine-tuned analysis. Nevertheless, these MSA-level data provide a general overview of the perceived safety of the largest metro areas.
About the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index
The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index tracks well-being in the U.S. and provides best-in-class solutions for a healthier world. To learn more, please visit well-beingindex.com.
CLOSE Shane Benton, general manager of Against the Grain, explains their gravity-fed brew process. Marty Pearl, Special to The C-J
Buy Photo Against the Grain Brewery at 401 East Main Street has a rather large operation that handles the production of craft beer, along with bottling and distribution, and boasts a family-friendly restaurant. 12/13/14 (Photo: Marty Pearl/Special to The C-J)Buy Photo Story Highlights Kentucky's craft beer and microbrewery culture has exploded over the last three years.
Louisville and Lexington have each seen four microbreweries open since 2011.
Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer is part of an initiative to promote Louisville's beer culture.
Craft beer production is at an all-time high in the United States.
Bourbon has long been an integral part of Kentucky's identity, and bourbon culture has effortlessly ruled Louisville's bar and restaurant scene. But some competition has emerged, and it's delicious.
Kentucky's craft beer and microbrewery scene has erupted in recent years, especially in Louisville and Lexington, and 2015 is shaping up as another banner year for brewing and drinking fine beers. Four breweries have opened in Louisville in the last two years, with at least two more expected next year, and four have debuted in Lexington.
RELATED | Local microbrewery, brewpub locations
In all, 14 microbreweries have opened in Kentucky since 2011, joining veterans BBC, Cumberland Brews and the Lexington Brewing and Distillery Co.
"Nationally, we're still way behind ... but we're catching up," said Louisville's John King, executive director of the Kentucky Guild of Brewers, or KGB, formed in 2012. "I think we can make Kentucky known as a beer state as well as a bourbon state."
Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer agrees. He was part of a brewery work group comprised largely of KGB members that debuted an initiative in October.
They made a game plan for 2015 that includes a city-wide beer trail, the addition of local brews at city-sponsored events, the creation of a bourbon-barrel beer event and, most importantly, a commitment to prod Kentucky's Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control to revise laws that currently make it difficult for breweries to open and market their beers.
"It's good for the city and it's good for them," Fischer said of the brewery initiative, "and they could use some assistance from us with the ABC laws and some of the other things that can be pretty intimidating.
"We can help advocate for them, and we feel like that's the kind of stuff we should be doing, removing obstacles so that local businesses can be successful. Plus, it's fun."
Kentucky has some catching up to do: Only nine states have fewer microbreweries. Indiana, for example, has 100 while Kentucky has 17. According to statistics gathered by the Craft Brew Conference, the number of U.S. breweries has reached a record high of more than 3,000, with another 1,500 on the way. Craft beer sales, meanwhile, rose 18 percent in 2013 even as overall beer sales dropped by 2 percent.
RELATED | Local brewery serves up science between beers
Early next year, Louisville will add the Akasha Brewing Co., while Danville's Beer Engine will open a tap room in Schnitzelburg and eventually begin brewing on site. The Braxton Brewing Co. will open in Newport, Ky., and Louisville's Against the Grain Brewery & Smokehouse, which opened three years ago, has begun a $1.7 million expansion. Its beer is distributed in 38 states and Europe.
Adam Watson, one of Against the Grain's owners, said that it's difficult to pin down why Kentucky has suddenly gone beer crazy. Although Louisville has a rich history of brewing dating back to the 1800s, there was a 15-year drought between Falls City Brewing shutting down in 1978 and the 1993 opening of the now-defunct Silo Microbrewery and the still thriving Bluegrass Brewing Co.
But until 2011, the only new breweries to open were Louisville's Cumberland Brews, the Lexington Brewing and Distillery Co. and Louisville's Browning's, now closed. Beer culture, however, thrived.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
RELATED | Could trouble be brewing with Ky. beer businesses?
In Louisville alone, the last few years have seen a boom in taprooms or restaurants with a dedication to craft beers, including the Louisville Beer Store, My Old Kentucky Homebrew, Holy Grale, the Nachbar, Sergio's, River City Drafthouse, Four Pegs, Craft House and Gordon Biersch. The Louisville Independent Business Alliance Beer Fest, which is devoted to craft beers, drew 6,000 fans to Slugger Field this year.
In Southern Indiana, the New Albanian Brew House, NABC's Public House & Pizzeria and Flat12 Bierwerks are the go-to spots.
"It amazes me," said Pat Hagan, president of BBC. "The craft market has grown by 15 or 20 percent every year for a long time and I don't know why it took Louisville so long, but I'm glad to see that it finally hit here."
Bourbonism, a marketing gambit combining Louisville's bourbon and food scenes, is booming so it's unlikely that craft beer will be little more than a sidekick for at least a few more years. But Fischer said that he sees the two as natural partners in increasing tourism and enhancing Louisville's small-business scene.
"We're just a stronger city when we do all of that stuff together," he said. "We're increasing the pie, so to speak, for all of those folks and it's really complementary. It's great for people who live here, but for visitors to town, they're on this adventure to find unique local stuff.
"You can see the passion of the entrepreneurs for all of the work they're doing," Fischer added. "I think that's really neat when you can connect somebody who's passionate about what they're doing with an economic opportunity for them to make a living and help the community at the same time."
Jeffrey Lee Puckett can be reached at (502) 582-4160, jpuckett@courier-journal.com and on Twitter, @JLeePuckett.
Brew books
A couple of books have been written about the history of brewing beer in Louisville and are worth seeking out.
The long out of print "Louisville Breweries: A History of the Brewing Industry in Louisville, Kentucky; New Albany and Jeffersonville, Indiana," by Peter R. Guetig and Conrad D. Selle, just came out in a second edition. It's available at Carmichael's Bookstore and area Party Mart stores.
Kevin Gibson's "Louisville Beer: Derby City History on Draft," was published this year and is available locally and online.
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1ztE7rn
Submitted on Sun, 04/26/2009 - 10:13pm
Dear Friend,This Friday, May 1st, is YOUR day, a day to celebrate all working people.Please take a moment to thank your co-workers, friends, and family members for all the hard work they do every day.Many people don't know about the history of May 1st as a workers' holiday. Here is some information on the roots of May 1st, also called May Day.ORIGINSThe origins of International Workers' Day go back to 1886, when hundreds of thousands workers across the United States went on strike. Workers demanded that their 10- and 12-hour workdays be shortened to an 8-hour day with no reduction in pay. Over the next few years, thousands of workers won the 8-hour workday that many of us still enjoy today.REMEMBERING THE HAYMARKET MARTYRSWe also celebrate in memory of the Haymarket massacre, in which eight labor activists were framed and put on trial by the government. On May 4, 1886, there was a rally at Chicago's Haymarket Square in support of striking workers from a nearby factory.The rally at Haymarket was peaceful until a person threw a bomb into the crowd. Although the identity of the person was, and still is, unknown, the government arrested eight local labor activists, of which only two were actually in attendance at the rally. All eight were labor agitators who were well-known by the government and despised for their political views.In a trial riddled with falsities and contradictions, all eight were found guilty of the bomb-throwing. Four were hanged, one committed suicide in prison, two were sentenced to life imprisonment, and one was sentenced to fifteen years. The Haymarket trial is regarded as one of the most grossly unjust trials in US history.On May 1st we honor the Haymarket martyrs' legacy as fighters for social justice.THE IWW CONTINUES THE STRUGGLEThe Industrial Workers of the World is a rank-and-file labor union open to all workers. Today, we continue to organize workers and work together to build a better future. In honor of May 1st, we'd like to wish you a Happy International Workers' Day and say THANK YOU for all the hard work that you do!2:00pm – March from Chinatown to Union Square with Chinese Staff & other orgs – Wobblies meet at corner of Grand & Chrystie4:00pm – Rally at Starbucks 15th St & Union Sq East, then join larger Union Sq rally8:00pm – Party at IWW office(These are NYC plans. For other cities' activities, go to http://www.iww.org/en/event/2009/05/01/month/all/all/1)IWW CONTACT INFO4461 11th St 3rd Floor, Long Island City, NY 11101Stephanie – 201-787-6035 / Liberte – 917-693-7742www.iww.org / www.wobblycity.org / wobblycity@yahoo.comWSA CONTACT INFOThe Workers Solidarity Alliance is an anti-capitalist, anti-authoritarian organization that marches with the IWW on May Day.Workers Solidarity Alliance- NYC339 Lafayette St — Room 202 / New York, NY 10012212-979-8353 / wsany@hotmail.com
Can the Pledge to America save any money?
In a speech in June, George W. Bush said his biggest disappointment as president was the failure to reform Social Security. This remark puzzled some observers, who plausibly offer the 1,500 people who died during the Katrina aftermath, or wrecking the nation's economy, as competitive alternatives.
But Bush's enduring concern with Social Security speaks to a schism on the right that cannot be plastered over by the homilies of the Pledge to America released today. And that is: Everyone says that the burning political issue of this election is government spending. Opposition to spending is the scalding water that fuels the Tea Party, and so the Republicans who controlled Congress for more than half of the last decade now say that the GOP ”lost our way” on spending during the Bush presidency. But what do Republicans plan to do about government spending that they favor, or indeed created? If they once were lost, have they now been found?
If you really think that the problem with the economy and/or the federal budget is as simple as too much government spending, then you have to point your finger squarely at the national Republican Party. Of the six recent Congresses essentially controlled by the GOP, from 1995 to 2006, not one ever reduced federal outlays. (The last year in which federal outlays were lower than the year before was 1965, when Democrats ran both the White House and Congress.) As soon as Republicans controlled both Congress and the White House in 2001, spending really took off, with more than $100 billion added to federal outlays every year that Bush sat in the White House (considerably more than either Bill Clinton or Bush 41).
Hence Bush's preoccupation with Social Security, basically the largest government expenditure. (Military spending is larger these days, but it is spread over different budgets.) He knows that's where the real money is spent, and he knows why it won't change. Presumably, Bush's upcoming memoir will offer more details, but in press accounts of his June speech, he said that it was resistance withinhisown party—not from Democrats—that nixed his plans to privatize Social Security.
The only thing surprising about this is that Bush seems surprised about it. Incumbent Republicans love Social Security for the same reason that all incumbents do: because voters love Social Security. More than three-quarters of all American adults say they want to know that Social Security will be there when they retire, even if they feel they won't need it. That's why Republicans did nothing to stop spending on Social Security, from about $433 billion in 2001 to $586 billion in fiscal year 2007 (the Republicans lost control of both houses of Congress in the 2006 election). If a Republican president working with a Republican-controlled Congress couldn't stop the growth of Social Security spending, there's little reason to think it will happen any other way, Tea Party or no Tea Party. And if today's Republicans have a credible plan for trimming this budget item—or even slowing it down—they're being quiet about it.
The same goes for Medicare. A strong majority of Americans opposes tinkering with Medicare, and among older Americans—who are more likely to vote—opposition is 5-to-1. And so, Republicans did nothing to halt Medicare's explosion from about $217 billion in fiscal year 2001 to $372 billion in fiscal year 2007. No one thinks that, as America's population grows older, there will be any stopping the growth in these programs—and that's half the federal budget right there.
Next up is defense and security, about $1 trillion a year. Maybe, just maybe, we'll get a tiny peace dividend from the end of the military mission in Iraq, but some of that will be eaten up by increased veteran benefits and services, to say nothing of Afghanistan. Both wars were started by a Republican president and supported by Republican members of Congress. Lately, Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., has made some very cogent points about wasteful military spending. But they are not much different from what John McCain said through much of the ‘80s and ‘90s, and his impact on military spending has been nil. And the fiscal year 2011 budget authority for the Department of Homeland Security—a Republican creation—is a hefty $56 billion. How much of that will Republicans cut? Crickets …
All of the above is spending that Republicans over the last 15 years or so either created, or could have cut or slowed—and never did. The relatively small portions of the federal government that the Pledge to America focuses on are almost all so-called domestic discretionary expenses, and despite Republican complaints that these expenses are ballooning, they actually got smaller, as a portion of overall spending, under Bush. Of course, that's not because they've shrunk—it's because of the huge rise in spending that Republicans approved for the military!
Hence, when you look through the GOP proposals to cut spending, they are uniformly, laughably puny. A typical idea is to permit the government to hire only one new worker for every two who leave. Leaving aside the arbitrariness of the idea, its own proponents claim that it will save a whopping $35 billion—over 10 years. They are whacking weeds at the edge of a large field where they let sacred cows get fatter.
When Republicans denounce “government spending,” then, they're talking only about government spending that they don't like: the TARP (a Republican creation), health care reform, stimulus spending, the auto industry bailout. But the plain fiscal fact is that the national Republican Party has been addicted to its own forms of government spending at least since the Nixon administration. The very notion of taking a “pledge” evokes their addiction—This time it's different, we swear!
Sure, the pledge tactic could have considerable short-term political traction, especially as the economy continues its anemic growth. The Republican Party has long shown it can win elections by hollering about taxing and spending. But winning elections won't solve the longer-term problem that the GOP will face from the Tea Party's embrace—which is that, unlike congressional Republicans, these people actually believe the rhetoric.
Slate V: GOP Pledge to America
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
File: Republican presidential candidate U.S. Senator Ted Cruz (R-Tex.). REUTERS/Harrison McClary
Paul Pressler, a former Texas appeals court judge who has long been a supporter of conservative causes and active in Texas politics, announced Saturday that he is endorsing Sen. Ted Cruz (R) for president.
Pressler, who in 2012 hosted a large group of evangelical leaders who voted to coalesce their support behind Rick Santorum's presidential campaign as a challenge to frontrunner Mitt Romney, said he announced his endorsement of Cruz at a meeting of conservatives in Washington Saturday.
“I feel that Ted Cruz is electable and he stands by his convictions in an articulate manner,” Pressler said in an interview Saturday.
[It turns out Ted Cruz does not get his insurance through Obamacare]
Cruz announced his candidacy at Liberty University, which was founded by fundamentalist preacher Jerry Fallwell, and is assiduously courting religious conservatives to back his campaign. The endorsement from Pressler comes as former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee challenges Cruz for the support of religious voters.
Pressler said he has been friends with Huckabee for “30, 40 years” and has also known former Texas governor Rick Perry, a prospective candidate, for decades. Pressler said he had made up his mind to endorse Cruz when the candidate called him and asked the judge to introduce him at the gathering – and endorse him for president. Pressler first met Cruz when the candidate was a teenager. They have stayed in touch though they are not particularly close.
“If you sit down and listen to him you'll see a passion, you'll see a dedication to principles, you'll see a person that understands the issues and can articulate them very well. And I think it's something that people will listen to,” Pressler said.
Are You Acquainted with the Guidelines Associated with the iOS App Development? Posted on November 15, 2017
High-end mobile apps have revolutionized this century with the extensive range of features in their arsenal. The splendid features and functionalities of these apps are not only enriching the lives of the people but are also giving birth to more opportunities for the app developers. The introduction of hundreds of new apps every day stands testimony to the fact that people want more and there seems to be no end to this demand in the near future.
Whether you are new to the world of iOS app development or a team of experienced professionals looking forward to creating some more apps, ensure that you are very well acquainted with the guidelines before you start your development journey. However, if you are not aware of the guidelines, not to worry as we are here to help you out in understanding the same.
Guidelines for iPhone App Development
Whilst there are a lot of guidelines that the app developers should adhere to, we have compiled all of them together and listed them in 3 broad topics-
1. Development Guidelines
2. Design Guidelines
3. Marketing Guidelines
All the 3-guideline sections are further explained with the help of a detailed description of the guidelines. Read further to know more.
1. DEVELOPMENT GUIDELINES
These guidelines, as the name suggests, need to be followed while you develop an iPhone app.
i. App Programming
The apps created by the developer should deliver a great user-experience and should be way more than just a good design. The users expect the apps to be fast, user intuitive, responsive, and should have low battery consumption. The apps should not be developed for a particular version but should work easily on all the versions seamlessly. While all these guidelines can seem intimidating and difficult to implement at first, you will get used to them once you start complying with them.
ii. App Extension Programming
The app extensions make it possible for the developers to extend the functionality of an app and make them available for the users whilst they are interacting with that particular app. For instance, if your app let the users catch up the matches of their favorite games, you can add an extension that will enable them to share the scores with their friends.
iii. iOS Data Storage
Your app should be developed in a manner that regular backups of the app data should take place. To make sure that the backup process becomes more efficient, the documents, which are created by the user, should be backed up in the documents directory. The downloaded data should be stored in the Library and the temporarily available data should be placed in the tmp directory.
2. DESIGN GUIDELINES
To make your app stand out from the others, as an iPhone app development company, you should take into consideration the clarity, depth and deference of your app. Keep the below mentioned points in your mind for maximizing the reach and impact of your iOS app-
i. Consistency
The best way to remain consistent is to incorporate features in your app in ways people expect from you. A consistent app has well-known icons, uniform terminologies, standards styles of text, and commonly known interface elements.
ii. Integrity
Determine the behavior and overall appearance of your app to be in sync with the functions that it performs. For instance, if you have an app for first aid, make sure that it should have subtle graphics, standard icons, and predictive text.
ii. User Control
User control is one of the things that your app should suggest a course of action to the user but should not take a decision on their behalf. The app should have interactive elements but make sure that they should not lead to unwanted outcomes.
3. MARKETING GUIDELINES
By adhering to the marketing guidelines, you can be assured that the continuous communication with your users, you can ensure success for your apps that lasts for a long time and does not cease just after its launch.
i. Basic Parameters
Clear messaging and direct calls should be made as a part of your communication process. Use accurate terminology whenever you talk about an Apple product. Never imitate Apple typography and always use your own design.
ii. Requirements for Submission
Before you submit your campaign for approval, provide a brief and concise description of your app, which has contact details, the name of the publisher, name of the app, the Apple app ID, number of impressions expected, and the countries where you expect your campaign to be run.
iii. Graphic Standard
When it comes to the badge, the minimum clear space should be 1/4th of the badge's height. Never place photos, graphic elements, or typography inside the clear space. Select a size that comes to be visible but not dominant.
Well, these were some of the guidelines that a developer should keep in mind while introducing iPhone app development services or before launching an app. If you are a beginner at this and want some assistance from the experts, get in touch with Octos. It is a leading development company that offer various app and website development solutions. To know more, click here octosglobal.com
Another in a long line of KS failures
Here's a fun game dev fact for you: making an MMO is a long, hard, and expensive task that will generally end in failure and misery for everyone involved. If huge companies like BioWare can screw it up, it's probably not a good idea for smaller, unknown developers to have a whack at it.
Apparently no one passed that memo on to the developers of Greed Monger, who have announced the game is to be shelved. This comes after having a wildly successfully Kickstarter and PayPal crowdfunding drive way back at the end of 2012, which managed to raise over three times their initial goal of $30,000.
This decision appears to have been made due to lack of further investment, backlash for trying to develop another game instead of Greed Monger, and some problems between members of the development team. A developer on the forums broke the news to backers with all the gritty details:
“A few weeks back when I left GM [Greed Monger] and then Jason [the original creator of the KickStarter] signed everything over to Joel and My self [developers on the game] took over based on the promise of Guaranteed funding through to launch from an outside investor. Once we stepped into ownership of GM that out side investor bailed on us and we were left with no funding. We made the choice to try and develop a smaller scale game that we could get released in a much shorter time and use the funds generated to fund GM. Since those plans were leaked we have dealt with nothing but flack for it from a bunch of people. So we are faced with some choices to make. We are unable to get GM built with out funding and we are unable to get funding from developing another smaller scale game with out taking heat for doing so. Joel and My self decided to give everything back to Jason and allow him to get GM developed using his Investors he told us he had. He is refusing to take GM back from us. Therefore with no means of funding and Jason refusing to take GM back from us we are forced to admit defeat and Close GM down. The last 3 years were a great learning experience for me. I've learned a number of things about working in the Game Development Industry that I wouldn't have learned else where. This community has been great and it's been an honor working with you guys. MMOI will be back at some point and you guys will NOT be forgotten by us that is a Promise we made when I left the GM and it's a Promise I intend on fulfilling. I'm sorry things have had to end this way and will do everything in our power to make things right in the future.”
The developers have ‘promised' to make it up to all the backers of the project. Whether that means through refunds or eventually finishing the game in years to come we don't know, but as it stands right now Greed Monger isn't happening.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Dogecoin Price Key highlights
Dogecoin price is still stalling around the near-term support level, which has held since yesterday.
Price has pulled back to the dynamic resistance at the 100 SMA and made another attempt to break below the support at 47.5 Satoshis.
Dogecoin price is currently hovering at the consolidation support level and latest lows, with a potential downside break likely to confirm a pickup in selling pressure.
Further consolidation possible
The lack of any market catalysts or liquidity could open the possibility of further sideways movement for dogecoin price, as the current support at 47.5 Satoshis is holding stubbornly. This might even lead to a bounce up to the previous highs or moving averages around 50 Satoshis.
A break above the previous pullback area or moving averages could signal that a short-term reversal is in order or that a large correction might be in play.
Reviewing past dogecoin price action indicates that consolidation-pullback patterns are typically followed by stronger downside breakouts, which might be the case this time. Based on the previous breakdown, the move could take price down to 45 Satoshis before another consolidation situation takes place.
Intraday support level – 47.5 Satoshis
Intraday resistance level – 50 Satoshis
Charts courtesy of TradingView
AI startups received $1.8bn from investors in the first half of 2017, according to CB Insights. The second half of the year has seen a continuation of the trend, as Graphcore and SenseTime secured large capital financing rounds. This said, AI remains a trend with question marks hanging over it, with many of the industry's leading researchers still feeling that we are a long way off solving critical issues with AI – like the frame problem, and inference.
Typically, when most consider AI, they think of the Googles and Baidus of this world, who spent between $20 to $30bn internally on the area in 2016, according to McKinsey. Much of this effort has been focused on a race to achieving patents and intellectual property, in the hope that they will enable these companies to own the future of software and hardware.
Machine-learning has already been implemented by Facebook, which uses its own internally developed algorithms to read user posts, or Netflix's algorithms to make better recommendations to its subscribers – increasing the time spent in their ecosystems.
The sector is yet to really face down challenges from researchers involved with the well-financed AI efforts of ‘big tech.' Google's Ray Kurzweil, makes the point that today “machine-learning is today very brittle, requiring a lot of preparation by humans in the form of special-purpose coding, special-purpose sets of training data, and a custom learning structure. Today's machine-learning really fails to imitate anything like the sponge-like learning structure that humans engage in.”
This form of intuitive learning still presents significant market opportunities, in the form of autonomous driving, voice recognition, video recognition, and data processing in business applications. On the back of this potential, investments have continued to flow.
SenseTime announced it will collaborate with Qualcomm on developing proprietary AI algorithms, to be deployed in smart devices. Although the two companies did not disclose the size of the investment, SenseTime is currently trying to raise $500m in a new funding round, in what would be the biggest ever fundraising by an AI startup – which values the company at $2bn.
SenseTime focuses on developing facial recognition technology, and is just one of a number of startup efforts that are competing to develop an AI to quickly identify and analyze identities using cameras. SenseTime's algorithms have to date been used in limited tests by Chinese authorities to track and capture suspects in public spaces such as airports and festivals.
The startup already has 40 Chinese local authorities as clients, and is now seeking to expand overseas. SenseTime raised $410m in July, in a funding round led by its main backer, Chinese firm CDH Investments, and China's state-backed fund Sailing Capital.
Elsewhere, Graphcore has raised $50m in new funding from Sequoia Capital. Graphcore had reportedly been chasing a $1bn valuation, but couldn't quite convince investors of that potential. The funding comes on top of the $60m the group has already raised in its first two funding rounds – taking total investments in the group to $110m.
Graphcore was founded in 2016 in the UK, and focuses on building intelligence processing units (IPU) – chips that are specifically designed to assist programmers in creating machine-learning systems, that can be used in fields such as autonomous cars, data centers, and medical detection devices. The target applications for the IPU are those that already run machine-learning algorithms on standard graphics and processing units – hoping to entice them onto the dedicated silicon.
The company claims its IPU accelerators and Poplar software framework deliver “the fastest and most flexible platform for current and future machine intelligence applications, lowering the cost of AI in cloud data centers and improving performance by between 10x to 100x.”
Graphcore is underpinned by the belief that Efficient AI processing power is rapidly becoming the most sought-after resource in the world, and that the current CPU and GPU market can't serve machine-learning type applications anywhere near as effectively as a dedicated processing unit.
However, it's still unclear as to which use cases are really going to drive this AI dedicated processor market – given that most autonomous driving programs are currently partnered with Nvidia, to use its GPU, and that other applications are still quite nascent in their development.
Graphcore CEO, Nigel Toon, stresses that the companies IPU processor will fulfil two critical elements – high computing power, so that a high number of calculations can be achieved at relevant speeds, and interconnect functions. As more processors are required for the high computing capacity, the number of interconnections between processor chips becomes increasingly important, to network both processing cycles and data.
Toon, claims Graphcore is also focusing on the software to achieve this interconnect function in its IPU chips, through its Poplar software programing framework and application libraries. The libraries can be ported to Google's TensorFlow machine learning software framework. In 2015, Google open-sourced the TensorFlow software library, aiming to set a de facto standard for ML systems.
One of the software features that Graphcore is working on is the ability to generate noise or random numbers, to improve its effective decision making. For instance, there may be multiple valid answers or responses to a given situation, like when driving, and the addition of noise in the processing unit apparently helps a better decision to be made.
Graphcore has stiff competition in the AI chip market, which although still an emerging area has seen a lot of activity. Google launched Tensor Processing Units (TPUs) and Intel revealed its Nervana Neural Network Processor (NNP) family.
Graphcore investor Sequoia Capital has been the early private investment partner behind Apple, Oracle, Nvidia, Yahoo, Google, YouTube, PayPal, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Airbnb. Capital Group has experience in the processor market, having worked with Nvidia. Graphcore has already received investments in previous rounds from Samsung, Bosch, DeepMind's (now part of Google) co-founder Demis Hassabis and Amadeus Capital (a venture capital group ran by ARM co-founder Herman Hauser).
CEO Toon sold Icrea, his previous company and a maker of 3G and 4G baseband chips, to Nvidia for $367m in 2011. Before Graphcore, the electrical engineering graduate ran Picochip, a Bath-based semiconductor group, which is now owned by Intel, and XMOS, another Bristol-based chip company. Although this form in the chip market suggests that Toon is a man chasing trends, he has stressed that he believes Graphcore has the potential to go public.
Source: copyright 2017 Rethink Research, Inc.
A new technology that could improve the efficiency of photovoltaic cells by almost 70% has been developed by researchers at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology.
The breakthrough could be used to overcome the limitations of current technologies for harnessing solar power in order to meet the world's growing energy demands. Photovoltaic cells only use a very narrow range of the broad light supplied by the sun. Radiation that is outside this narrow range is not used and simply serves to warm up the cells. This limits the maximum efficiency of current solar cells to about 30%.
In an article recently published in Nature Communications, the Technion team explain how their technology is based on an intermediate process that occurs between the photovoltaic cell and sunlight. The photoluminescence material created by the team absorbs most of the radiation from the sun. The heat and light from the sun is then converted into an “ideal” radiation, which lights up the photovoltaic cell, resulting in a higher conversion efficiency. The device's efficiency is increased from 30% to 50% as a result.
Optical refrigeration technology re-emits the absorbed light at higher energy, thereby cooling the emitter. The Technion was inspired by this technology, but uses sunlight instead.
Graduate student Assaf Manor led the study as part of his PhD work. He explained that solar radiation hits a dedicated material that they developed for this purpose on its way to the photovoltaic cells. The unused part of the spectrum heats the material. The solar radiation in the optimal spectrum is also re-emitted at a blue shifted spectrum once it has been absorbed. The solar cell then harvests this radiation and both the light and the heat are converted to electricity.
The 32nd Golden Disc Awards have announced the nominees for three major categories.
The ceremony will take place over two days, January 10-11, 2018, with different MCs for different nights. The awards show was founded in 1986 and is presented by the Music Industry Association of Korea for outstanding achievements in the music industry in South Korea.
Below are the respective nominees for Album Daesang, Digital Daesang, and Best New Artist (in alphabetical order):
Album Daesang:
Apink – “Pink UP”
ASTRO – “Dream Part. 01”
B1A4 – “Rollin'”
BTOB – “Brother Act”
BTS – “Love Yourself: Her”
CNBLUE – “7°CN”
EXO – “The War”
GFRIEND – “The Awakening”
Girls' Generation – “Holiday Night”
GOT7 – “Flight Log: Arrival”
Hwang Chi Yeol – “Be Ordinary”
IU – “Palette”
JJ Project – “Verse 2”
Jung Yong Hwa – “Do Disturb”
Lovelyz – “R U Ready?”
MONSTA X – “The Code”
NCT 127 – “Cherry Bomb”
NU'EST W – “W, Here”
Red Velvet – “Perfect Velvet”
SECHSKIES – “Another Light”
SEVENTEEN – “TEEN, AGE”
Shinhwa – “13th Unchanging”
Super Junior – “PLAY”
Taemin – “Move”
Taeyang – “White Night”
Taeyeon – “My Voice”
Teen Top – “High Five”
TWICE – “twicetagram”
UP10TION – “STAR;DOM”
Weki Meki – “WEME”
Digital Daesang:
Akdong Musician – “Last Goodbye”
BIGBANG – “FXXK IT”
BLACKPINK – “As If It's Your Last”
Block B – “Yesterday”
Bolbbalgan4 – “Tell Me You Love Me”
BTS – “Spring Day”
G-Dragon – “Untitled, 2014”
Han Dong Geun – “Crazy”
Heize – “You, Clouds, Rain”
Highlight – “Plz Don't Be Sad”
Hwang Chi Yeol – “A Daily Song”
Hyorin, Changmo – “Blue Moon”
hyukoh – “Tomboy”
IU – “Through the Night”
Jung Key – “Anymore”
Mad Clown – “Lost Without You”
MAMAMOO – “Yes I Am”
Melomance – “Gift”
PSY – “New Face”
Red Velvet – “Red Flavor”
Sunmi – “Gashina”
Suran – “Wine”
Taeyeon – “Fine”
TWICE – “Knock Knock”
Wanna One – “Energetic”
WINNER – “Really Really”
Woo Won Jae – “We Are”
Yoon Jong Shin – “Like It”
Zico – “Artist”
Zion. T – “The Song”
Best New Artist:
Chungha
JBJ
Jeong Sewoon
Longguo & Shihyun
MXM
PRISTIN
Samuel
Wanna One
Weki Meki
Woo Won Jae
Other categories given out at past awards include best of each music genre and the popularity award.
Source (1)
For other ships with the same name, see SS Laurentic
Coordinates:
SS Laurentic History United Kingdom Name: Laurentic Namesake: St Lawrence River, Canada Owner: White Star Line Port of registry: Liverpool, United Kingdom Route: Liverpool to Quebec City Ordered: 1907 Builder: Harland and Wolff Yard number: 394 Launched: 1908 Completed: 15 April 1909 Maiden voyage: 29 April 1909 Fate: Struck two mines and sank, 25 January 1917 General characteristics Tonnage: 14,892 GRT Length: 565 ft (172 m) Beam: 67 ft 3 in (20.50 m) Decks: 3 Installed power: Triple-expansion steam engines driving outboard propellers, with low-pressure turbine driving the centre propeller; 11,000 ihp (8,200 kW) Propulsion: Triple propeller installation Speed: 16 knots (30 km/h; 18 mph) Capacity: 1st Class: 230
2nd Class: 430
3rd Class; 1,000
SS Laurentic was a British ocean liner of the White Star Line. She was converted to an armed merchant cruiser at the onset of World War I, and sank after striking two mines north of Ireland on 25 January 1917, with the loss of 354 lives. She was carrying about 43 tons of gold ingots at the time of her loss, and as of 2017, 20 bars of gold are yet to be recovered.
Background [ edit ]
Alberta The construction of the
The Dominion Line steamship company operated a successful passenger service on their Liverpool-Canada route in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Their ships had become outdated, so in 1907 two new liners were ordered from Harland and Wolff, and constructed at their yard in Belfast.[1] During their construction they were purchased by the White Star Line, and became its first ships in the Canadian passenger trade.[2]
The ships were originally named SS Alberta and SS Albany, and after the transfer of ownership Alberta was renamed Laurentic and her sister Albany became Megantic.[2]
Design [ edit ]
At the time, the two were the largest ships yet built for Canadian service and they were used as a form of full-scale experiment to decide on the machinery for the White Star Line's future Olympic-class ocean liners.[3] Megantic was built as a conventional twin-screw ship with conventional quadruple expansion engines, while Laurentic, with the same hull and boiler power, was given an experimental configuration known as 'combination machinery', consisting of three screws: The two wing propellers were driven by 4-cylinder triple expansion engines, while the third centre propeller was driven by a low pressure steam turbine, utilising the exhaust steam from the first two engines. Later comparisons of the performance of the two ships revealed that Laurentic produced 20% more power than her sister for the same steam consumption, and for the same power output, Laurentic's coal consumption was twelve to fifteen percent lower than that of Megantic. As the experiment was considered a success, the same arrangement was chosen for use in the three Olympic-class liners.[4][5]
Career [ edit ]
Laurentic was launched in 1908 and departed on her maiden voyage 29 April 1909, from Liverpool to Quebec City, with 1,057 passengers on board.[6] She normally served on the Liverpool-Canada route, and also stopped in New York during the winter months.[3] While crossing the Atlantic to New York on 22 January 1910, she was caught in a powerful storm; waves destroyed the windows of the upper deck and flooded the navigation bridge and the officers' quarters, disabling the service command transmitters. The ship survived, and arrived safely to port.[3] Laurentic gained notoriety later in 1910 during the capture of murderer Hawley Harvey Crippen, in which Chief Inspector Walter Dew of the Metropolitan Police used Laurentic's speed to arrive in Canada before the fleeing suspect on SS Montrose.[7]
Laurentic during her war service during her war service
During her regular service from Liverpool, Laurentic passed near where Titanic had sunk a few days earlier. On 21 April 1912 Captain John Mathias reported "he had kept a careful lookout while passing over the Grand Banks, and had seen neither bodies nor wreckage."[6]
In early August 1914, before Britain declared war on Germany in what was to become World War I, Laurentic sailed from Liverpool to Canada with her accommodations full of fleeing Europeans.[6] On 13 September, while at Montréal, she was commissioned as a troop transport for the Canadian Expeditionary Force, painted grey, and reclassified as HMS Laurentic.[1] Still captained by John Mathias, she joined a convoy of 32 ships that transported 35,000 Canadian soldiers to Europe in October 1914.[3][6] She was then converted to an auxiliary cruiser and fitted with seven cannon.[3]
In December 1914 she left Liverpool for Sierra Leone to assist in the Kamerun Campaign, and was involved mostly with the African theatre until the following summer.[8] In August 1915 she left for Singapore and spent the ensuing months on patrol around Singapore, Rangoon, and Hong Kong.[8] In June 1916 she left Asia en route to Halifax, Nova Scotia by way of Cape Town, and spent the following months patrolling near Halifax. Her patrol eventually moved southward to Bermuda, and then returned directly to Halifax in October.[8] In late November she departed for Liverpool, carrying Royal Canadian Navy officers, rated seamen, and Royal Canadian Naval Volunteer Reserves. During the voyage, Captain Mathias was accidentally struck by a steel beam while attempting to extinguish a coal fire, and died on 4 December of a fractured skull, two days before reaching Liverpool.[8]
Sinking [ edit ]
On 23 January 1917, Laurentic departed Liverpool en route to Halifax, under the command of Captain Reginald Norton.[9] She carried some 479 passengers, mostly naval officers, ratings, and Naval Volunteer Reserves, as well as a secret cargo of gold which was to be used for the purchase of war munitions from Canada and the United States.[9] On 25 January the ship made an unscheduled stop at the naval base in Buncrana, Ireland, to allow four passengers with yellow fever symptoms to disembark.[9] The ship lifted anchor around sunset, moving toward Fanad Head, where she was to meet with a destroyer escort. The weather was bitterly cold and a blizzard affected visibility, but Captain Norton gave the order to proceed without the escort, despite reports that a German U-boat had been spotted in the area earlier.[9] Less than an hour after leaving Buncrana, the ship struck two mines laid by the German mine-laying submarine U-80 off Lough Swilly.[1][9] One of the mines exploded near the engine room, which left the ship without power and caused it to list 20 degrees; the combination of the darkness and list made it difficult to lower the lifeboats, and made it impossible for the ship to issue a distress call.[9] Without power the main pumps were inoperable and the ship sank within an hour.
Those who made it onto lifeboats faced extreme cold as low as −13 °C (9 °F).[9] Survivors rowed towards Fanad Lighthouse, and some were rescued by local fishing trawlers.[9] In the morning, many were found frozen to death in their lifeboats, with their hands still gripping the oars.[9] The official count lists 475 passengers on board at the time of sinking, meaning that only 121 survived, and 354 were lost in the disaster.[7][8]
On 1 February, The New York Times reported that the last person to leave the ship was Captain Norton, who survived. He was quoted as saying: "To the best of my knowledge, all the men got safely into the boats. The best of order prevailed after the explosion. The officers and men lived up to the best traditions of the navy...The deaths were all due to exposure, owing to the coldness of the night. My own boat was almost full of water when we were picked up by a trawler the next morning, but all the men in the boat survived. Another boat, picked up at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, contained five survivors and fifteen frozen bodies. They had been exposed to the bitter cold for over twenty hours."[10] Bodies of the dead continued to wash up on shore for several weeks.[9]
Salvage [ edit ]
In addition to her passengers and crew, the ship was carrying 3,211 gold ingots (about 43 tons) stowed in its second class baggage room. At the time the gold was valued at £5 million (approximately £390 million in 2016)[11] and was intended to pay for war munitions.[7] Royal Navy salvage divers led by Captain Guybon Chesney Castell Damant made over 5,000 dives to the wreck in 1917 and 1919 to 1924, recovering all but 25 of the ingots.[9][12] In 1934, three more ingots were recovered by a private salvage company and two more by the time that salvage company went bankrupt. Further attempts in the 1950s and 1980s recovered nothing.[9] As of 2016, 20 bars of gold remain unaccounted for.[13] The last of the gold recovered by the Royal Navy was some 10 metres (33.8 feet) under the sea bed, thus the remaining gold may be difficult to reach.
The wreck lies about 40 metres (130 ft) beneath the surface, and its salvage rights are privately owned.[9] It is considered an official war grave under international law.[14]
In 2007, one of the deck guns was recovered and put on permanent display at Downings pier.[15]
References [ edit ]
Borderlands was a game that I thoroughly enjoyed, but felt was very deeply flawed, especially for those who had to play alone. Of course when you have swag like I do, everybody wants to be in my game, but I still felt I should see what improvements Gearbox has made for Borderlands 2. So I turned off my swag, sent off my entourage, left my sword at bag check, and headed over to 2K's booth for a demo of Borderlands 2.
For the demo, I was lead into a dark, menacing room filled with only the Xbox 360 version of the game. This was more than a bit disheartening. During a sword fight with Shigeru Miyamoto over the lack of anything Pikmin related last year, I unfortunately lost my right thumb. As such playing with a controller is rather difficult, and I can't aim properly. This is the only reason that I would not be good at this game, and have nothing to do with my skill level when playing with a controller. None whatsoever.
The demo was a single mission in which a claptrap is directing you to destroy propaganda statues of Handsome Jack (the main villain, revealed in their latest trailer). This requires a lot of time following a giant evil laser robot around while defending it from Handome Jack's troops and robots. I decided to play as Zero for the demo, because when you can't aim properly a sniper rifle is always the weapon of choice.
If you remember how the dialog changed from Portal to Portal 2, you'll have a good idea of what to expect here. The characters definitely managed to make me laugh several times, and it didn't feel like a departure from the previous games per se, but there was definitely a different feeling to it. You could definitely tell the writers were trying or even forcing the humor at certain points.
The gameplay was definitely much more varied this time around. In the first game, all enemies fell into the category of guy with gun, big guy with big gun, skag, or a buffed up version of one of those. This time around I counted at least 16 varieties of enemies in this installment alone. Many of them had interesting abilities such as a mortar style missile launcher that can hit you in cover, the ability to spawn more enemies, the ability to heal/repair certain kinds of enemies, etc.
As such I died. Very violently, and very often. Again I would like to stress that this has absolutely nothing to do with me sucking at console games, but is only due to my incredibly badass defense against hundreds of ninjas. With jars of spiders they threw at me (fuck spiders). The mission itself also was much more interesting than the previous game, which was always nothing more than kill x enemies, pick up y objects, or talk to z person. And given the escortish style of this mission, it forced a very different style of combat than I would have had otherwise. Assuming this is something to change up the pacing, and not the norm, this is going to lead to a much more enjoyable game.
There were also a lot of quality of life changes. When you hold down the pickup button to grab ammo and money, it stays turned on for several seconds afterwards removing the issue of that one piece of ammo being just out of reach. The game also started auto picking up instahealth vials for me if I was at low health when running over them. There were also a lot of neat effects such as a holographic screen appearing in front of teammates when they've got the menus open.
It's also worth mentioning that the level took place in what appeared to be — until recently — a major population center. It's possible that civilization on Pandora might be a bit more… civilized this time around.
Eventually, the robot died, and I failed the mission. They did, however, have a ploy going to get people to their booth. If you beat the mission, some cool loot drops and you will get a code for the full game to keep it, and a badge insert indicating that this has happened. I lost. And they gave it to me anyway. I WON'T BE A PAWN FOR YOUR LIES GEARBOX! I DID NOT GET ANY LOOT! I WASN'T COOL ENOUGH TO BEAT YOUR DEMO! I WILL NOT BE SIL—
Disregard any dissent. Borderlands 2 is the best game ever made. All hail the Claptrap overlords.
You American meatbags will go to the nearest pleasure repository on September 18 to purchase this amazing product. The rest of you will do it on September 21st. You will now enjoy these incredible pictures of what is clearly the pinnacle of modern gaming.
Larry and Sheila Pott, parents of Calif. girl Audrie Pott who killed self after alleged rape and bullying. CBS
(CBS) - The parents of a 15-year-old California girl who committed suicide last year after allegedly being raped by three friends at a party spoke for the first time Monday. They told the media "there is absolutely no doubt as to the reason she took her life," and called for the teens' case to be escalated to adult court.
Audrie Pott's step-mother, Lisa, read aloud from Facebook messages she said Audrie posted in the days after the alleged attack and leading up to her suicide: "My life is ruined...I am in hell...The whole school knows...My life is over..."
Three teen boys were arrested last week and charged with sexual battery,dissemination of child pornography and possession of child pornography for allegedly assaulting Pott at a co-ed sleepover party last fall and distributing a photograph of the incident. According to the Associated Press, these less severe charges are filed if a victim was unconscious and did not have the ability to fight off a sexual assault.
According to the family, Pott was passed out from drinking too much during the alleged assault and only learned of it when she saw the photo, which had apparently been spread electronically among some of her peers.
Lisa Pott told gathered reporters that the family had been advised not to view the photo.
Audrie's mother, Sheila Pott, announced that she planned to push for new legislation, dubbed "Audrie's Law," that would address the less severe penalties for assault on an intoxicated person, as well as the make it easier to try what she called "an adult crime" in adult court.
Pott committed suicide eight days after the alleged attack. Her death, along with the April 7 death of Canadian teen Rehtaeh Parsons, who also hung herself after allegedly being sexually assaulted and then cyber-bullied, and the Steubenville rape case have drawn national attention to the issue of teen sexual assault and social media.
READ: Audrie Pott, Rehtaeh Parsons suicides show cyber-bullying is "pervasive" and "getting worse," says expert
Robert Allard, the attorney representing the family, announced they planned to a wrongful death lawsuit against the three teens, who Potts father, Larry, said had a "long and sordid reputation." Allard said the suit will also name the parents who owned the home where the unsupervised overnight party took place.
Larry Pott said that when the family decided to come forward with his daughter's name and story, they did it because "we hoped that in some small way Audrie's story and death could help others. Help this epidemic of sexual assault, distributing photos and cyber-bullying to stop."
The family took aim at a recent statement issued by the attorneys for the three teens charged with Audrie's assault, which decried "the attempt to link (Audrie's) suicide to the specific actions of these three boys."
Larry Pott responded by saying,"With no assault and no cyber-bullying, Audrie's in art class right now."
The Pott's and Allard implored parents and students with information about the night of the alleged assault to come forward.
"The student newspaper reported that 10 kids had seen the photo, we'd like to talk to those 10 kids," said Larry Pott.
Complete coverage of the Audrie Pott case on Crimesider
Image caption Rockhopper says it has discovered a substantial oil column in Falklands water
Shares in Rockhopper Exploration jumped 38% after the British oil company said its oil well in the Falkland Islands is likely to prove commercially viable.
In a trading update the firm said an appraisal of its Sea Lion well had found a high quality reservoir package.
"Following this positive result we believe Sea Lion is highly likely to prove commercially viable," said chief executive Samuel Moody.
It raises hopes that the territory could become a new oil province.
The announcement came as oil prices climbed $2 a barrel following a series of air strikes against Libya, the world's twelfth-largest oil producer.
Brent crude rose as much as $2.26 to $116.19 a barrel, while US light, sweet crude rose as much as $2.13 to $103.20.
Exploration
Rockhopper began drilling for oil off the coast of the British-governed islands last year and struck oil in May.
It was the first discovery of oil in Falkland Islands waters.
Following further tests the company has said it had discovered a substantial oil column and oil-water contact for the first time.
The quality of the oil is of medium grade, according to the company.
"We can now continue to appraise the Sea Lion discovery and to explore additional prospectivity within our acreage with added confidence," Mr Moody said.
Another explorer in the North Falkland Basin, UK-based Desire Petroleum, saw its shares in the opening minutes of trading leap 33% on the news.
The current exploration of the waters around the Falklands has proved controversial.
Argentina still claims sovereignty over the islands, which lie 300 miles from its shore.
When the exploration plans were first announced, the former UK Defence Minister Bill Rammell said the government had a "legitimate right" to build an oil industry in its waters.
Rockhopper closed up 32.6%, or 70.75 points to end Monday's trading at 287.75p a share.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The prosecution alleges Mr Bridger is playing a 'cruel game' in pretending not to know what happened to April
Bone fragments from a child and blood matching that of missing five-year-old April Jones were found in the home of a man accused of murdering her in a sexually motivated attack, a jury has heard.
April went missing near her home in Machynlleth, Powys, on 1 October 2012.
Mark Bridger, 47, of nearby Ceinws, denies abducting and murdering April.
The jury was shown what the prosecution called "very unpleasant" images from Mr Bridger's computer.
Mr Bridger also denies intending to pervert the course of justice.
Opening the case for the prosecution, Elwen Evans QC said the defendant had gone to enormous lengths to conceal what he had done.
"He has played a cruel game in pretending not to know what he has done to her and with her. It is a game to try and save himself," she said.
'Strong emotions'
The jury heard Mr Bridger undertook an "extensive clean-up operation" at his home which included the disposal of April's body and her clothes.
However, some evidence remained. Blood found in the living room, hallway and bathroom matched April's DNA.
Ms Evans told the court that bone fragments found in fire ashes at his home were consistent with those of a juvenile human skull, according to experts.
A concentration of blood was found near the wood burner at Mr Bridger's home. Around the wood burner were a number of knives, one of which was badly burned.
Image caption Coral and Paul Jones arriving at court on day two of the trial
"The defendant was an experienced slaughterman who knew how to use knives professionally," she explained.
Ms Evans said April was last seen on 1 October last year "happy and smiling", getting into the defendant's Land Rover.
"He drove her away and that was the last that anyone apart from the defendant saw of April."
She added: "The largest search in British policing history has failed to find her."
The prosecution said Mr Bridger claimed he was involved in a road traffic accident with April, then put her in a car to get her medical attention "although he did not in fact approach anyone for help".
He claimed he drove around Machynlleth, an account which the prosecution said was undermined by the evidence, including CCTV.
He said there came a time when he was driving around when he had no recollection of what happened.
Mr Bridger also said he was too drunk to remember but he believed he put April somewhere out of the rain.
He denied taking her to his home and said he did not sexually abuse her.
Mr Bridger had claimed he ran over April and she was "pinned under the front tyre" of his vehicle. He claimed he tried to give her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and drove away to get medical help.
However the prosecution said a friend of April who was playing with her at the time remembered Mr Bridger standing "as though he was waiting for someone".
The friend said when April went to the car "the man did not carry her into the car. April got in herself, by herself" and was described as "smiling".
Image caption Mark Bridger claims to have been involved in a road accident with April
Mr Bridger spent a lot of time outdoors participating in what he called survival and bush craft.
He claimed to know the "rugged terrain" around Machynlleth well.
This was a significant factor in police deciding the size and scope of their search for April, the jury was told.
The defendant told people he had had a career in the armed services, including the SAS, but the prosecution said military records showed any army career was "a lie, a fantasy".
Mr Bridger worked in an abattoir from 2009 to 2012. In October last year he was working as a labourer in a guest house which was being renovated.
The jury was told Mr Bridger's computer contained images of child sex abuse as well as photographs of local children. His computer records also showed he had an interest in child murder cases.
Search terms Mr Bridger used on his computer included "naked young five year old girls" and "nudism five-year-old".
He had images of high-profile murder cases, including the Soham victims Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman on his computer.
Sisters' pictures
Later, the public gallery was cleared while jury members were shown images but April's parents asked to stay while the evidence was being viewed.
The prosecution warned the jury some of the images were "very unpleasant, but we say it is highly relevant".
Some of the images were Facebook-type pictures of local young girls.
They included images of April's half sisters, aged 13 and 16.
The jury heard evidence of three folders on Mr Bridger's computer. Two were titled with girls' names and another was called "ZO", where most of the indecent material was located.
The jurors were reminded that the trial must be decided on the evidence and they must not let feelings of "taste" or "disgust" cloud their judgement.
Ms Evans told the jury the prosecution did not have to prove a motive, adding: "This is a case where the evidence, we say, clearly indicates a sexual motive, and you cannot realistically assess the facts, we say, without knowing what interests the defendant."
They were also played the 999 call made to report April's disappearance, where a woman's voice can be heard saying: "My daughter's been kidnapped".
April's mother Coral could be heard sobbing loudly in the background during the call.
In the 999 call played to the jury, the operator is told there was a "big grey car and a man driving". A voice was heard shouting: "Someone's kidnapped April."
The defendant wiped a tear from his eye as the 999 call was played.
Mrs Jones and her husband Paul were seated in the front row of the public gallery throughout the proceedings.
Both were wearing pink ribbons, which became the symbol of the search for their missing daughter following her disappearance.
The trial heard April had a relatively mild form of cerebral palsy "but that did not stop her leading a full and active life".
She had been "out and about" and swimming at the local leisure centre on the day she disappeared.
Earlier, Ms Evans warned the jury that the case was "likely to provoke strong emotions".
She told them they must decide the case "fairly and squarely on the evidence you hear".
Mr Bridger remained staring straight ahead as the case was outlined against him. He was wearing headphones to ensure he could hear everything said in court.
The trial, which could last until the middle of June, was adjourned until Wednesday.
It is sad that it took a major tragedy like the sinking of the Sewol to expose just how the corruption of public officials in South Korea had become a major safety hazard:
The National Assembly of South Korea passed an anticorruption law on Tuesday that calls for up to three years in prison for journalists, teachers and public servants who accept single cash donations or gifts valued at more than a million won, or about $910.
Passage of the law signaled a milestone in the country, where bestowing and receiving envelopes of cash and other gifts have long been part of the culture — and a suspected channel of bribery.
In South Korea, businesspeople, politicians and senior government officials often host expensive dinners, send gift sets during holidays and make cash donations at weddings and funerals, making it difficult to determine what amounts to corruption and what should be accepted as part of social etiquette.
Until now, people have been punished for graft only when it was established in court that they had accepted a gift in return for doing a specific favor, like helping the gift-giver obtain a government license or school admission.
Such a stringent legal requirement has raised concerns that much of the corruption in the country has gone unpunished, especially the so-called sponsorship relationships that some businesspeople and politicians were said to maintain with prosecutors, government officials and journalists. Under that arrangement, the “sponsors” would wine and dine the recipients, as well as provide them with financial support, not necessarily for any immediate favor but for long-term collusive ties.
Under the new law, which is to take effect in October 2016, public servants, teachers and journalists will face fines or prison terms of up to three years for taking such gifts exceeding about $910, regardless of whether there is evidence of bribery or influence-peddling.
They will face similar punishment if their spouses receive such gifts from people that involve conflicts of interest. (Those who report their spouse's gifts to the authorities will be exempt.) Those who receive gifts valued at less than the designated amount may be fined if those gifts involve a conflict of interest. [New York Times]
In February, AeroVironment completed the prototype of a surveillance drone disguised as a hummingbird drone for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. The hummingbird drone is small enough to sit on a pencil and can fly at 11 miles per hour.
The challenges of gathering highly-granular intelligence about areas controlled by hostile groups or governments make data collection in the electric-utility industry seem like a piece of cake. This is only partially the case.
Needless to say, military researchers have pushed the technical capabilities of robotics to an entirely new level over the past decade. At the Wright-Patterson Air Force base in Ohio, researchers are developing drones that replicate the flight mechanics of moths, hawks and other inhabitants of the natural world. A recent story in the New York Times provided a snapshot of the world's most advanced surveillance robots:
From blimps to bugs, an explosion in aerial drones is transforming the way America fights and thinks about its wars . . . The Pentagon now has some 7,000 aerial drones, compared with fewer than 50 a decade ago . . . The Pentagon has asked Congress for nearly $5 billion for drones next year, and by 2030 envisions ever more stuff of science fiction: "spy flies" equipped with sensors and microcameras to detect enemies, nuclear weapons or victims in rubble.
While robots monitoring remote parts of the transmission power system can be big and noisy, they also need to be cheap - very cheap. Delivering low-cost, high-reliability robotics to the electric utility industry is the principal focus of new research projects launched at the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), an industry organization based in Palo Alto, CA.
EPRI is developing flying robots to perform aerial assessments of infrastructure assets over wide scales, which could improve asset management, reduce restoration times and enhance recovery efforts.
At an EPRI lab in Lenox, Mass., researchers pioneered a prototype inspection robot, known as "Ti."
Straddling a shield wire, Ti crawls along a transmission line looking for everything from high grass to low trees. The robot can review conditions over about 80 miles of transmission line several times annually.
Equipped with high-definition infrared cameras and ranging (LiDAR) sensors, Ti feeds information to the utility about specific conditions of specific assets at specific places on a transmission line. American Electric Power plans to deploy Ti for the first time on a 765 kV transmission line in 2014.
In addition, EPRI is pursuing advanced robotics for a variety of routine but high-risk tasks currently performed by line workers. Line workers are often exposed to inclement weather, heights, electrical discharges and other hazards.
The focus in this area is on remotely controlled robots with visual capabilities that allow utility engineers and planners to assess systems remotely from their office while crews are at the inspection location. Other robots in the pipeline include a manhole inspection and repair robots.
This research has also produced a prototype, known as "Scotty," a roving, remotely-controlled robot that measures outdoor lighting.
Today, high-intensity discharge (HID) lighting is the primary technology used for lighting streets, parking lots and other outdoor areas. But high-power light-emitting diodes (LEDs) promise a brighter future in outdoor illumination. In 2009, EPRI launched a demonstration project seeking to accelerate the development of a new generation of LED outdoor light bulbs that provide more light with less electricity.
EPRI is conducting assessments of LED-based street and area lights at over 20 sites within the United States. The assessments require accurate, repeatable and timely measurements of light levels. Existing test methods require hand-held meters and are time-consuming, of limited accuracy and require manual recording of data.
Scotty is EPRI's solution to this specific challenge. Expect more in the way of new solutions to old problems soon.
Remember when we argued about albums? When we listened to them straight through? When the last note of the radio single made us reflexively hum the intro to the next track? Us, too! Believe it or not, that's not all gone. Even in the millennium that brought us quick-and-dirty downloads, these artists created fully immersive musical journeys of the highest order. This is a celebration of our hands-down, most emphatically favorite LPs from the past fifteen years—plus a few nominations from the artists themselves.
1. _My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy _(2010)
Kanye West
BECAUSE: It could've been any one of the seven albums West released this century, as fascinating a catalog of celebrity, triumph, love, loss, terrible puns, pretty decent puns, that was ever fucking put together by a single artist. MBDTF was just the record where he talked about all those things at once—a portrait of a man seizing the spotlight, drowning in it, and then somehow finding a way to turn that harrowing experience into art. Anybody who wants to be famous or make music for a living—or do both at the same time—should be forced to listen to MBDTF first. The rest of us are free to enjoy it for the bloody, hard-won, titanic achievement that it is.
See Kanye's cover story, including exclusive details about his forthcoming album—a certain contender for future versions of this list.
2. Is This It (2001)
The Strokes
BECAUSE: When Y2K arrived, MTV VJs and saccharine-pop enthusiasts told us rock 'n' roll was dead. But then, out of nowhere, came this back-to-basics guitar-driven record made by five leather-clad hipsters (before that was a thing). We're not saying the album saved rock for millennials... Oh, wait, yes we are.
3. Stankonia (2000)
OutKast
BECAUSE: André 3000 with a perm, bleating Don't pull the thang out unless you plan to bang? It wasn't hip-hop. It was electric gospel, like the heavens had opened up and revealed that the angels were cyborgs and that the Pearly Gates were electrically charged. Yow! With _Stankonia'_s weird dimensions dominating radio—that's "B.O.B.," as well as "Ms. Jackson" and "So Fresh, So Clean"—OutKast proved that hip-hop had no outer edges and was, in fact, so dominant and so limitless as to not even be a genre at all.
4. _Discovery _(2001)
Daft Punk
BECAUSE: No one, including Daft Punk, has made a better dance record—big and bright and melancholy and the blueprint for damn near half the pop music that has come since, from Kanye to Skrillex to Pharrell, all of whom are still unashamedly ripping off Discovery today.
DAFT PUNK NOMINATE: The Strokes' aforementioned Is This It. "Julian and his bandmates followed in the footsteps of the Velvet Underground, Television, Suicide, the Ramones, and Blondie, creating the fresh, distinctive sound we'd been waiting for for over a decade.
5. _Sound of Silver _(2007)
LCD Soundsystem
BECAUSE: No other record—no other single song, in the case of "All My Friends," which should come packaged with the keys to your first New York apartment—better captured the disorienting thrill of being young and smart and heartbroken in the first decade of the twenty-first century.
6. Voodoo (2000)
D'Angelo
BECAUSE: This preacher's son and composing prodigy turned the spirits to his side, wedding rap and R&B and a yawning sense of the void into spooky, sensual art. Oh, and because Justin Timberlake says so.
7. Channel Orange (2012)
Frank Ocean
BECAUSE: We'd been waiting thirty years for another Marvin Gaye. And then, suddenly, we had Ocean and his debut, Channel Orange—a fully realized instant classic from an artist who couldn't be bothered with even a single one of the steps between "neophyte" and "master." We're not waiting anymore.
8. _Elephant _(2003)
The White Stripes
BECAUSE: Jack and Meg built out the raw garage rock from their first three albums into an entirely re-imagined sound, taking their pissed-off swagger and channeling it into ambition: blistering blues, whimsical folk, Stooges-esque punk, contemplative love tunes. In case we'd forgotten, we were reminded that Jack can fucking shred on guitar.
9. Futuresex/Lovesounds (2006)
Justin Timberlake
BECAUSE: After all the SNL bits and Fallon appearances and movie roles, it's almost hard to remember how radical this record was when it came out—the moment a 25-year-old boy-band survivor vaulted to the vanguard of pop music, making sex-soaked R&B over space-age production, courtesy of a resurgent, on-fire Timbaland. Serious actor JT and grown-ass soul man JT got nothing on this guy.
JT NOMINATES: "D'Angelo's Voodoo and Radiohead's Kid A. It may seem ironic that I'd pick two albums released in the first year of the twenty-first century, with all the great music that has come since then. But I was 19. I was ready to listen to music in a different way. Not only were they filled with great songs, but the sound of them really affected me. They were complete pieces of work—progressive and retro at the same time. They transformed whatever world I was in at the time. And eventually led to my desire to make my first solo record. I'll always reference them as the inspiration that got me off of my ass. I always go back to them, and they still do (get me off of my ass)."
10. Supreme Clientele (2000)
Ghostface Killah
BECAUSE: It's the first and last classic that the anarchic, diabolically clever, and delightfully insane Wu-Tang Clan released this century. Twenty-one tracks here, and not one of them—including the skit about the guy trying to lowball Ghostface for drugs—is less than thrilling.
11. Back to Black (2006)
Amy Winehouse
BECAUSE: Of the depth and pain in her voice—which sounded like something she'd left outside overnight one too many times and then wrung out in the morning. Also: because of the casual honesty she brought to inventorying her own flaws. And finally: because for one short moment, she pushed back the demons to make something this full of life.
12. The Blueprint (2001)
Jay-Z
BECAUSE: We've spent the past three minutes shattering furniture at GQ HQ listening to the tireless anthem "U Don't Know." It feels weird to even have to justify this one. It's Jay-Z. And Kanye West and Just Blaze, and Eminem and Timbaland. Inventing—then immediately perfecting—the triumphant, breezy, bigger-than-rap mythology that Jay's wrapped himself in ever since. (Jay himself rates this one second among his great albums, after Reasonable Doubt; nope, sorry, Jay!)
13. _Sea Change _(2002)
Beck
BECAUSE: It was the moment when the snotty singer of "Loser" and "Where It's At" broke up with his then girlfriend, left his own head, and mined his darkened emotional core.
BECK NOMINATES: "M.I.A.'s Arular. You could feel that album in the air a few years before she did it—just these incredible kaleidoscopic filters of different cultures coming together in a pure and innocent way. The record had a political feeling of early Public Enemy but a sense of fun and energy. She's just a raconteur."
14. _Let England Shake _(2011)
PJ Harvey
BECAUSE: Polly Jean could sing about a stapler and we'd be transfid—that deeply rooted voice, the way she weaves gritty melodies with poetic, take-no-prisoners lyrics. Here she takes on nothing less than the broken state of the modern-day English sociopolitical landscape, and the results are devastating.
15. We're New Here (2011)
Gil Scott-Heron & Jamie xx
BECAUSE: The vocals will crush you with the earned, weary sadness that Scott-Heron brought to his final album before his death in 2011; Jamie xx's remix of the record—wobbly and gorgeous and steeped in adoration for Scott-Heron (pictured below)—will lift you back up.
JAMIE XX NOMINATES: "Number one is Original Pirate Material by the Streets. It was one of the first things I heard when I decided to make music using a computer. Although I could play some instruments, I wasn't good enough to be original. With electronic music, it was different. Each song is basically a sample, a bass line and a beat to give Mike Skinner the space to do his thing. He just speaks and tells stories. It's set around the area I grew up in—Brixton, in southwest London. Everybody my age was listening to it. Everybody got it."
16. Fever to Tell (2003)
Yeah Yeah Yeahs
BECAUSE: Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, ahhhhh! The low-tempo tracks ("Maps" broke out on the radio) on YYY's debut are really more like water breaks during a thirty-seven-minute sweat-drenched sprint. Karen O + drums + guitar produces the effect of sticking your tongue into a wall outlet, only easier to dance to.
KAREN O NOMINATES: "Liars' They Threw Us All in a Trench and Stuck a Monument on Top. With gnarly absurdist hooks, it was for me the jewel in the crown of the New York music scene at the turn of the century. We questioned it then, but now I'm certain we were having an honest-to-God moment."
17. _Modern Vampires of the City _(2013)
Vampire Weekend
BECAUSE: After making two solid albums about the sounds of spring semester in New York and summers on barrier islands, they over-delivered with a radical declaration of maturity that turned on an entirely new set of listeners. VW figured out what to chuck and what to cultivate. The lyrics are wiser and more worldly, the voices more flexible, the music more expansive. We figured they'd work their way to this place—it just came, like, ten years early.
EZRA KOENIG NOMINATES: "Besides Stankonia? How 'bout the Dirty Projectors album The Glad Fact. It came at this moment when people were really wondering where alt-rock was gonna head. Dave Longstreth had this uniqueness of voice—and I don't just mean his singing voice, which is unique, but the perspective. Also: It was my one and only published music review. Ha."
18. Beyoncé (2013)
Beyoncé
BECAUSE: The greatest female R&B artist of the century finally made a record as sexy, snarling, soft, strange, and outright superlative as she is. And by releasing it without warning or fanfare late one December night, she gave us something we haven't had in a very long time—a moment when we all listened to the same thing, at the same time. (Watched, too.) We hope "the album" looks like this from here on out.
19. Donuts (2006)
J Dilla
BECAUSE: Before he died from a rare blood disease at age 32, James Dewitt Yancey—J Dilla—was your favorite producer's favorite producer. And Donuts was his finest work: casual, conversational, and deftly composed. It's all overlapping samples and off-kilter drums—without speaking a word, J Dilla made an album that still has so much to say.
20. Up the Bracket (2002)
The Libertines
BECAUSE: When times were good, Pete Doherty and Carl Barât bottled rock 'n' roll lightning. Sweating and spitting into each other's mouths while singing "If you've lost your faith in love and music, the end won't be long" into a shared mike. The drums set the tempo way too fast, like everything was out of control, like it could not last. And so it couldn't.
21. _Extraordinary Machine _(2005)
Fiona Apple
Could the Avengers show up in an episode of Marvel's Daredevil on Netflix? Star Charlie Cox was somewhat vague about the possibility when the question was posed to him at ACE Comic Con this weekend.
A young fan asked Cox if any of any Marvel Cinematic Universe characters would show up in future episodes of Daredevil.
“I'm afraid I can't tell you that at all,” Cox answered. “That is a secret.”
Cox asked the fan which character he'd most like to see appear on the show. The fan said he'd want to see Iron Man, which elicited a smile and a humorous response from Cox.
“I think he's quite cheap to get as well,” Cox joked. “I'm sure we can figure that out. His daily rate is like way low.”
Iron Man is, of course, played by Robert Downey Jr, one of the highest-paid actors in Hollywood who has a profit participation clause in his contract that is the envy of his Avengers co-stars.
Cox's answer could lead to some speculation about whether a crossover moment is being planned. After all, he was pretty blunt about saying he hasn't heard anything about crossing over in the opposite direction, with his Daredevil character appearing in an upcoming Marvel Studios movie.
However, fans shouldn't put their tinfoil hats on too tightly as there are a number of other explanations for his answer. Its possible that he's contractually obligated not to answer that kind of question one way or another, or perhaps there are plans for Marvel Cinematic Universe characters to appear, just not the ones from the Movies. The Defenders are all part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, after all, and with the bond that Matt Murdock seemed to form with Jessica Jones in Marvel's The Defenders it wouldn't be shocking to see her makes a guest appearance in Marvel's Daredevil Season 3.
Its also possible that Cox has grown tired of answering crossover questions, which all of the Marvel Television stars get pretty frequently, and decided to get creative with this one or break it to the young fan gently.
Marvel's Daredevil Season Three is expected to debut on Netflix in 2018.
The Sankei Shimbun has called the October 22 elections:
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) will win 2 in every 3 seats up for grabs.
The Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ) will become the major opposition party.
Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike's Party of Hope (PH) could lose seats.
Sankei based its assessment on the results of the joint Sankei-Fuji News Network (FNN) opinion poll conducted October 12th-15th, and on reports from offices nationwide.
As of October 16th, Sankei said the LDP is favored to gain 300 seats; with a Komeito coalition, it looks set to secure 2/3 of the House or 310 seats. The PH has stalled and could find itself with around 40 seats, less than the 57 seats it began with.
Meanwhile, the CDPJ looks like it will become the major opposition party in Parliament. It is forecasted to more than triple its original 16 seats to secure somewhere in the region of 50 seats.
The initial outlook, from Sankei Shimbun and other news outlets, was that the LDP/Komeito coalition would garner 300 seats combined. However, the LDP is increasing its lead. Around 210 of the 289 contested seats are safe, with a total of 230 seats in sight. This is more than the 223 seats it won in the December 2014 election.
In addition to the safe seats of the Kyushu and central Japan regions, the LDP is showing a positive lead in many electoral metropolitan districts, such as Tokyo and Osaka, which were initially predicted as difficult seats.
The LDP is also predicted to repeat its performance in the previous election to gain around 68 of the 176 proportional representative seats available. It is highly likely that the total number of seats secured will exceed the currently held 291 seats.
Komeito will be hard put to hold onto the current 35 seats, as it battles close competition in several electorates, and has also had its proportional representative seats reduced by 4. However, the ruling party will still find it difficult to gain the 310 seats necessary to undertake constitutional reform.
Fielding a minority of 235 candidates, the opposition Party of Hope is floundering. They are struggling nationwide, and even in electorates in the home territory of party leader Yuriko Koike, governor of Tokyo Prefecture. There doesn't appear to be any overwhelmingly promising candidates. Proportional representation numbers are not expected to reach 30 seats.
However, the situation may still change. There are over 30 closely-contested electorates, and electorates where more than 50% of voters are undecided.
Meanwhile, according to the Sankei-FNN joint public opinion survey (conducted 14-15th Oct), support for Party of Hope leader, Governor Koike, has plummeted 27.2 points from the last opinion poll (16-17th Sept) to 39.2%
60.7% of respondents said they have “low expectations” regarding the Party of Hope, which is clearly much higher than the 34.6% of respondents who harbor “high expectations.” Only 14.2% of respondents thought that Ms Koike should have contested a seat in the election, whereas 81.1% agreed with her decision to remain on as governor of Tokyo.
On the question of whether Abe or Koike is better suited to the role of Prime Minister, 54.0% of respondents chose Prime Minister Abe, with 26.5% of respondents choosing Ms Koike.
Regarding the structure of the next government, 50.5% of respondents chose an “LDP-centred government,” while 40.6% of respondents chose “a non-LDP administration.”
(Click here and here to read the original articles in Japanese.)
14-year-old young caring girl
A young carer is a young person who cares, unpaid, for a friend or family member who has any type of illness, disability or addiction and cannot manage without the young carer's support. There are estimated to be around 700,000 young carers in the UK[1] which is approximately 1 in every 12 teenagers and round 2 in every classroom. The roles taken on by a young carer are exhaustive and are carried out often behind closed doors on top of the normal pressures of a young persons life. Responsibilities may range from providing practical support such as helping to cook, clean or wash, giving personal care, emotional support, providing medication or helping with financial chores.
The person they care for may be a parent, a sibling,[2] another family member or a friend, but does not necessarily live in the same house as them. The care they give may be practical, physical, and emotional.
The terms "disability" and "long-term illness" do not mean just a physical disability or illness, but also cover, for example, mental illness, learning disability, or drug addiction, frailty or old age.
There are support programs to assist young carers both emotionally and financially with day-to-day tasks and making decisions. These programs offer face-to-face counselling, online programs, and phone helplines.[3][4][5] Some support programmes for young carers have been cut due to austerity. The amount of support young carers get varies from area to area and is subject to a postcode lottery.[6]
See also [ edit ]
06.01.15
Today the Senate Judiciary Committee passed HB 3093 and HB 2357.
HB 3093 is a limited “reciprocity”bill sponsored by Bill Post. HB 2357 is a bill that gives retired police the same protections when carrying concealed that CHL holders have.
Both bills are limited in scope and were amended with pointless changes, but both are a step forward. To no one's surprise, Ginny Burdick voted against HB 3093. She also insisted on, and got, amendments to HB 2357 that basically say, if a retired cop is a criminal he can't carry a firearm. Ludicrous? Yes, but that's how they roll in Salem. These bills now move to the Senate floor having both passed in the House.
The House Judiciary Committee heard and passed SB 525. This is a “domestic violence” bill that serves exactly no purpose. It has had the worst provisions removed but is one more bill promoted by lies. Supporter after supporter provided testimony with the exact same talking points and the lie that Oregon police may not enforce the Federal law this bill copies. Even our top lawyer, Attorney General Rosenblum, repeated this nonsense. Her ignorance of the law is breathtaking and she would like to be our next Governor.
House Reps Bill Post and Sherrie Sprenger courageously voted no.
The House Committee also passed SB 173, a fairly nonsensical bill, but did amend it to remove the most offensive and unconstitutional language.
Current law says if you are in a public building you must allow a police officer to inspect a firearm you are carrying to determine if it is loaded.
This makes no sense. If you have a CHL, you may carry a loaded firearm. If you don't have a CHL, you may not carry a firearm loaded or not, so what purpose does this serve? The bill would have allowed you to show a CHL instead of handing over a loaded gun in a public place but would have made you a criminal if you did NOT show a CHL. This was absurd. You become a criminal because you did not show ID even though you are not suspected of a crime? The bill was amended to remove that provision, so now there is no criminal penalty for not showing a CHL. The current law should simply be repealed, but this was a big improvement.
Tomorrow the House Judiciary Committee is scheduled to hold work sessions on two bills it held over from today. SB 913, the ban on privately owned ivory and SB 315. 315 is another bill that should never have seen the light of day but now promises to get far worse. The intent is to use the bill to further complicate the universal background check bill. The proposed amendments are bizarre. There is no guarantee that either of these bills will actually move tomorrow, but we'll be watching them.
Tomorrow, Lane County will be voting on a resolution to refuse to expend county funds to enforce SB 941, the universal gun owner registration bill. The anti-gun crazies are already mounting an effort to derail the resolution. Please send the commissioners a note saying “Stand for liberty and support a resolution opposing SB 941.” You can contact the commission here.
On Wednesday night, the Canby City Council will be voting on a similar measure. If you live in or near Canby, please come and make your voice heard in support. The Council meets in City Hall at 7.30 PM
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager obsessed with TV serial killer Dexter was jailed today for the murder of his 17-year-old girlfriend, who he ferociously stabbed before dismembering her body in a "blood-curdling" killing.
Steven Miles, who was 16 at the time of the murder, killed Elizabeth Thomas in the bedroom of his home in Oxted, Surrey on January 24 this year.
Having stabbed her in the head and back, he went on to dismember her legs and an arm, wrapped the limbs in clingfilm and placed them in bin bags, before covering her body in a green plastic garden sheet.
Miles, now 17, has been jailed for 25 years.
The teenage politics student used saws and tools from his father's tree surgeon business to cut up Elizabeth's body.
(Image: INS News Agency)
The boy, who had been diagnosed as having an autistic syndrome, told his family that he had an alter ego called Ed who had instructed him to kill someone.
When the defendant's sister returned home to the flat about an hour after the murder, Miles told her: "Ed made me do something bad."
During the sentencing hearing at Guildford Crown Court, the court heard that Miles had a fascination with horror movies and the macabre and had wanted to emulate the actions of Dexter - the lead character of an American TV series about a police forensics officer who is also a serial killer.
Judge Christopher Critchlow told Miles: "This is a case of the utmost gravity, the horrific features of which are rarely heard in any court.
"Nothing this court can say or do, no sentence this court can impose can alleviate the pain suffered by Elizabeth Thomas' family for death in such a terrible manner. There must be a life sentence."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Girlfriend killed and dismembered by Dexter-obsessed teen told friends she would ''fight'' for relationship
At the start of the hearing, the judge warned the court that the case involved details that "are extremely unpleasant and may cause considerable distress to anyone listening", and advised anyone of a nervous disposition to leave.
He said that the killing was predetermined and he would have given a whole life term if the defendant had been an adult but as a child he was not allowed to pass that sentence.
He said eminent psychiatrists had agreed that Miles was not schizophrenic and therefore did not have a defence of diminished responsibility.
The teenager, wearing a white shirt and black tie, stared straight ahead during the hearing and showed no emotion as the sentence was passed.
Speaking of the impact on Elizabeth's family, Judge Critchlow said: "It's hard for this court to remain unemotional.
"Their lives have been changed forever, it's difficult to find the right words to describe the enormity of what you did to an innocent girl of 17-and-a-half."
(Image: INS News Agency)
He continued: "You decided at the age of 16 you had to kill somebody, you chose Elizabeth Thomas who tragically befriended you and who had stood up for you when people described you as different."
Prosecutor Philip Bennetts QC said that Elizabeth's friends had asked her why she bothered with him and the difficulties he presented because of his autism, she replied: "I am different from other females, I am fighting for him."
Judge Critchlow said: "It's chilling to read that you described her on occasion as your project."
Lewis Power QC, defending Miles, described the murder as a "chilling, blood-curdling and sustained" killing inspired by the TV series Dexter.
He said: "This was a truly gruesome killing ripped from the pages of a hit TV script. The evidence points to the defendant trying to emulate the actions of the character Dexter who he idolised.
"The case is a sad testament to the perils of how young people can become entrenched in modern TV blockbusters involving violence which shockingly led to a copy-cat killing in real life."
He said that the "phenomenon" of Ed was not "fully understood" by psychiatrists but they agreed that the defendant was not psychotic.
(Image: INS News Agency)
In a victim impact statement read to the court, Elizabeth's mother Alison described how the family had found her death "difficult to accept" and how she was now placing "flowers on her grave when I should be putting them in her hair".
It says: "Elizabeth was very family orientated, she would spend a lot of her time at home chatting about all sorts of stuff, she was a great talker.
"She would spend time with her grandma and phone and visit her often. Elizabeth was mature beyond her years and was at the stage of her life that she was becoming comfortable with whom she was; we were so proud of her.
"Elizabeth would have been celebrating her 18th birthday on the 8th September; it should have been a day of celebration.
"We have no further milestones to look forward to, no A-level results, driving lessons and university applications. Our sadness will last forever."
Why not like our Facebook page...
Pete Carroll coached the New England Patriots from 1997-99. (AP)
A decade before he took over as coach of the Seattle Seahawks, Pete Carroll was fired from the same position on the New England Patriots, two years before the franchise won its first Super Bowl. Adding insult to injury, Carroll's now infamous decision to throw the ball on second-and-goal from the 1-yard line with 26 remaining in Super Bowl XLIX helped deliver the most recent of New England's four titles.
So, despite leading Seattle to its own Super Bowl crown between those two bookends, Carroll's first foray into Gillette Stadium since either event had him a little more pumped and jacked than usual.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
“It was pretty fun,” Carroll said during his weekly 710 ESPN Seattle appearance. “I've gotta admit, I haven't had more fun just enjoying a win, really. So, there's some stuff in there somewhere. But it was a freakin' blast — the game was, the way that people were yelling at me walking on and off the field.”
Carroll added of the heckling: “Oh, gosh, there was a lot of, ‘Thanks for throwing it.' That kind of stuff, you know? All that kind of garbage. They were just being themselves. It was great. It was classic.”
Given the ribbing Carroll received in New England, you might understand how he could prefer the atmosphere in Seattle, which is perhaps why he described the New England crowd as just, “OK.”
“It's not a great place,” Carroll said of the Gillette Stadium crowd on ESPN's “Brock and Salk” radio show. “They weren't nuts. It's because they're so used to winning. There was a time when they kicked their last field goal to go ahead, and it was like a round of applause for the nice effort and stuff. Gosh, our guys would be going berserk. We're so hungry for it.”
Story continues
While there was a pretty resounding applause on Patriots quarterback Tom Brady's 33-yard pass to Julian Edelman that set up a first-and-goal from the nine-yard line early in the fourth quarter, the crowd was fairly subdued on the field goal once the drive ended with a five-yard sack on third down. It was one of several New England drives that stalled in the red zone during Seattle's 31-24 victory.
For his part, Carroll described the stadium in Foxboro as a “a gorgeous setting, beautiful arena and the fans, just the whole thing, it's really classy — really classy.” But, obviously, he prefers Seattle, where Seahawks fans twice set a since broken Guinness World Record for loudest crowd noise at a sporting even and twice registered a magnitude 1 or 2 earthquakes on stadium seismometers.
As a result, Seattle has retired a No. 12 jersey in honor of a fandom dubbed the 12th man. Meanwhile, New Englanders are probably pretty comfortable with their team retiring No. 12 for a different reason.
– – – – – – –
Ben Rohrbach is a contributor for Ball Don't Lie and Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at rohrbach_ben@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!
WHEN I was growing up, I was dimly aware that drugs existed but only in California, in the films.
Not in actual real life.
At school, there were rumours that one of the sixth-formers had once had a puff on a joint at a party.
But they were only rumours.
Getty Images 13 Drugs barely existed to me during my schooldays - bar rumours of a few sixth-formers trying a puff of marijuana
They couldn't have been true because we were in Burton-on-Trent.
Not Los Angeles,
Oh, how different things are today.
I have a friend who now has to say on party invites “please leave your drugs at home” because if he didn't most of the guests would spend most of the night in his lavatory.
Getty Images 13 Friends of mine now feel they have to insist upon no drugs at their party - as if they don't, their guests won't leave their bathrooms for snorting illicit substances
I was at a restaurant in London the other night and every time I went for a pee I had to wait about half an hour for a bunch of kids to come out of the cubicle.
Drugs are everywhere.
I'm offered them on pretty much a daily basis as I walk down the street.
And you hear people talking about their dealer as though he's their hairdresser.
“Oh,” they say to their friends, “you really should use my man.
He's such a nice chap and so reliable.”
But the fact of the matter is that while he may indeed be a nice chap, he's actually the frontman for a whole industry that's not very nice at all.
Getty Images 13 Middle-class users often recommend their 'nice' dealers who are always reliable for them - but they don't think about the world that lies behind that one pleasant dealer
When you break out the charlie after an agreeable dinner party with friends, you may be dimly aware that the people who made it, in the woods of Colombia, have a pretty miserable life.
You've probably even watched Narcos and thought, “Ooh that looks horrid.”
But according to the National Crime Agency, the problems caused by drugs aren't exclusively to be found on the other side of the world.
They say that here at home, drugs have caused a full-on gang war.
They say that traditional established dealers in various regions around the country are fighting for their turf with London-based Somalis who are seeking to take the whole country for themselves.
It seems that they are doing this by offering high quality drugs for less.
Which is page one, chapter one from the Book Of Business.
Getty Images 13 The drugs industry is cruel, full of vicious gang wars, murder, and even using children to deliver drugs
But their method for dealing with those who moan or don't pay isn't from any book I've ever read.
Because when they want to punish someone, they either dissolve them in acid, or boil them alive.
And we are not talking here about burly men who learned their trade as pirates in the Indian Ocean or enforcers in Mogadishu.
Because a great many of the foot soldiers are children.
The police say they are thinking of charging the bosses under anti-slavery laws from now on.
But I don't think they'll care.
If they're caught, they're caught and it doesn't really matter what charge is used to propel them into prison.
It'd be better to let people know that behind the middle-class acceptability of drugs, beats the heart of an extremely cruel and violent monster.
Life goes down the pan
Getty Images 13 Experts say we should be washing our hands for the same amount of time as it takes to sing the national anthem
WE were told by health experts this week that after a trip to the lavatory, we should wash our hands for the same length of time it takes to sing the National Anthem.
That's about a minute, if you include the rather jingoistic second verse.
Right. So if you pee five times a day, that's five minutes washing your hands.
Getty Images 13 But we're asked to spend so long on basic daily tasks, such as brushing teeth, that there's no real time to work
Then you have to brush your teeth, we're told, for two minutes twice a day.
And then exercise for half an hour, moisturise for ten minutes, have sex for 20, and then sleep for eight hours.
Also, we are reminded very often that we should eat healthy foods which take half an hour to prepare, and that after we've spent another half an hour chewing the organic mushrooms 72 times, we must allow a further half an hour for the food to digest.
For extra long life, we are told we must not use our cars and cycle instead, which adds an extra hour a day to our journey times.
And so it goes on, right up to the point when someone says: “Er. When do we have time to do any work?”
I'll be a menace to Dennis
PA:Press Association 13 Ex-McLaren chief Ron Dennis is having a bad week - not least because I'll be knocking his house down after his P1 supercar failed me in a Grand Tour challenge
RON DENNIS is having a terrible week.
He's been ejected from his role at McLaren Cars, a company he built pretty much single-handedly.
And now I'm going to knock his house down.
I think that's fair enough.
I was so confident that his amazing supercar, the P1, would be faster than the Porsche 918 and the Ferrari that I bet my colleagues on The Grand Tour that if it wasn't, they could turn my house into rubble.
And if you've seen the show, you'll know I lost the bet.
I hold Ron responsible for this.
And I shall be arriving at his gaff with a bulldozer very soon.
Airport outrage is no lie
Getty Images 13 A Guardian columnist has decided I made up my airport row to promote my show - but I was there when it happened, and she certainly wasn't
ACCORDING to a columnist in The Guardian newspaper, whose name I've forgotten, I simply made up the whole story this week about being banned from a flight by a Stuttgart airport worker who said, “I'm from Argentina so f*** you.”
She has decided that I simply spent too long in the lounge, missed the flight and concocted a tale in a bid to promote The Grand Tour.
So, you've a choice of who to believe.
Those of us who were there. Or a girl from The Guardian, who wasn't.
-- VERY many thanks to all the Sun readers who've already written to say how much they enjoyed the first episode of The Grand Tour, which aired on Thursday. And even bigger thanks to the crews and the team in Chiswick who made it such a smash.
Reigning in the jungle
Rex Features 13 I normally hate Celeb reality TV shows - but I'm a big fan of Danny Baker, who's currently on I'm A Celeb
Rex Features 13 Carol Vorderman has also been out of the limelight just long enough that I'm curious about her - but definitely haven't forgotten who she is
AS a general rule, I hate almost all of the world's celebrity-based reality shows, mainly because I've never heard of any of the featured people.
But I've always enjoyed the Ant and Lard jungle thing because they manage to gather together people who we know well, but haven't heard from in a while.
Normally, there's a stand-out winner but this year, as I see it, there are two. Danny Baker and Carol Vorderman.
Both extremely good people.
C4 should ask the right questions
Getty Images 13 News broadcasters asking how Trump won the US election should really be asking how Hillary was selected as the best Democrat candidate
A VERY long time ago, a man called Mr Trump became the president of America.
And still Channel 4 is wandering around the States, asking everyone it can find how this could possibly have happened.
Maybe it's down to the fact he got more votes in the places where it mattered.
A far better question is: “What were the Democrats thinking of when they chose Hillary to be their candidate?”
Because that was the real problem.
related stories Exclusive jezza's tour de force Tanks, explosions, guns and helicopters... read our first review of Jeremy Clarkson's new show Revealed IN THE FAST LANE I'm A Celeb star Carol Vorderman will be first guest to appear on Jeremy Clarkson's Grand Tour show Exclusive JEZZA'S AIRS & GRACES Airport 'Argie' worker who kicked Jeremy Clarkson off flight brands star a 'prima donna' A TRACK RECORD Opening scene to Jeremy Clarkson's new car show The Grand Tour the most expensive ever on TV Exclusive don't mess with me argentina Jeremy Clarkson slams ‘ignorant little worm' who kicked stars off flight after F-word rant over Top Gear Falklands car 'They love talking pension scams' Jeremy Clarkson mocks Richard Hammond and James May's 'awkward' One Show chat CAR CRASH TELLY James May 'smashes up' hated Toyota Prius in new episode of The Grand Tour... but is all as it seems?
Let Roo have his fun
The Sun 13 Why are we judging Wayne Rooney for post-match celebration? Having a drink is nothing to get angry about
WAIT. What's this? An England footballer went to a bar after a match and had some drinks?
People are saying that Mr Rooney should now be relieved of his captaincy, other people say he should be stripped of his citizenship and made to live on an island by himself in the North Atlantic.
Well I'm sorry, but I don't get it.
If it had happened before the match then maybe.
But it didn't.
Tornado 'carnage' is nothing
AP:Associated Press 13 Reports that a tornado in Wales caused 'carnage' are surely over-exaggerated - this scene from Aleppo is surely what carnage really looks like
THERE were reports this week of a small tornado erupting in a Welsh village.
Roof tiles were dislodged, a Nissan Micra was damaged and power lines came down.
“It was absolute carnage,” said one eyewitness.
OK boyo, let me ask you this.
If a broken roof and a wounded Datsun is “absolute carnage” what words would you use to describe the devastation in Aleppo or Mosul?
SC001 - 01 Leaving the Planet - Rain Drop Land (featuring Tarek)
SC001 - 02 Schwarzwald - EZLN
SC001 - 03 Onyx Ashanti - Pulled and Twisted
SC001 - 04 ReVerse Bullets - (Sub)version
SC001 - 05 Schwarzwald - Rwanda
SC001 - 06 Abduct - nxt-stp
SC001 - 07 Mussurunga - Huga1
SC001 - 08 Leaving the Planet - Primal Human (Altered Stades remix)
SC001 - 09 Skorian - Distance
SC001 - 10 Leaving the Planet - Jump on this Train
SC001 - 11 Ohmu - Symienna
SC001 - 12 Leaving the Planet - Sun Was High And So Was I (DorianDroid and Schwarzwald remix)
SC001 - 13 Enrique Tomas - 5
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 01 Rathgar Crossroads
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 02 Soliloquize after Chemotherapy
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 03 Plurabelle
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 04 Hysterosalpingography
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 05 O'Connell Street
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 06 Her Cheekbones
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 07 Bahnhofstrasse
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 08 Rosefrail
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 09 Snifters under a false flag
David Eats Rusty Nails - Triumpf of Decay - 10 The goddess in trap (bonus track)
0_Intro
1_Crimea
2_Jeff
3_Swamp
4_6-pm
5_L
6_Shining
7_J.Dell
A 1. Leaving the Planet - 2967
A 2. Leaving the Planet - Mechanostasis
A 3. Leaving the Planet - Ben Gann
B 1. Leaving the Planet - Sun Was High And So Was I (DorianDroid and Schwarzwald remix)
B 2. Leaving the Planet - If You Are In Advertisement
B 3. leaving the planet - Mammal Sea
Bunai Carus - Indigo - 01 - Utsah Park
Bunai Carus - Indigo - 02 - Ultra Violet
Bunai Carus - Indigo - 03 - Paces
Bunai Carus - Indigo - 04 - Kern Arc
SC006 - 1. Odepth - Void
SC006 - 10. YBSTN - Freud
SC006 - 2. Abduct - Trails of Hair
SC006 - 3. Andi Finger - No Greenland in Sight
SC006 - 4. Leaving the Planet - Can You Save the World
SC006 - 5. r.m.j
SC006 - 6. GLASKIN - Party's Over
SC006 - 7. Reverse Bullets - Chaptre Un
SC006 - 8. Rowan J. Thyme - Inner-City Tiger
SC006 - 9. Tzeshi - Fossil of Flame
Konsul Gnadenwalze - Assur and Cyclades - I
Konsul Gnadenwalze - Assur and Cyclades - II
Konsul Gnadenwalze - Assur and Cyclades - III
Konsul Gnadenwalze - Assur and Cyclades - IV
Konsul Gnadenwalze - Assur and Cyclades - V
1. Leaving the Planet - Reborn
2. Leaving the Planet - Infinite
3. Leaving the Planet - Singing Earth
4. Leaving the Planet - Jump on this Train
5. Leaving the Planet - Frontex
6. Leaving the Planet - The Piano Drop (Tim Hecker Remix)
7. Leaving the Planet - World Blew Up (feat Skorian)
8. Leaving the Planet - Former Creatures of the Day
01 LAMETAFISICA_opium candy ( wav)
02 Black Spaghetti - Night Immigrants
03 SLEEPLESS MONK_Changa
04 RDNZ_-_MITTERNACHT (EXT)
05 BIINDS _Median (Ascension RMX)
06 Munsha We'd Fall Down
07 SDCM_Audio Recording on Monday morning
08 Metamonster - Ex-linearity
09 LUCAS GUTIERREZ Parallellas YTB re-mal
10 NotstandskomiteeCompuDrive
11 BLJR - Understanding
12 LTP - DamDamDam (feat. Gerrit)
13 RJ THYME_lava-town
14 EMEME_1.35pm 2015.06.20 master_1
01 Simeon Smith - Hunting of the Snark
02 Hiko - DOTS (PERPETUUM MOBILE REMIX)
03 Raja The Resident Alien - aimless
04 Echo Canyon - saltyfoam
05 Torakiki - Tree Moon
06 kkempes - me, you and a soul mastered
07 A Merry Prankster - Javaun Monome
08 Silience - Woods
09 Benjamin Van Esser - CollidR
10 Leaving the Planet - Stargaze
Sleepless Monk - In Vivo Manipulation - 01 Moment
Sleepless Monk - In Vivo Manipulation - 02 Love Synchronicity
Sleepless Monk - In Vivo Manipulation - 03 Nebuchadnezzer
Sleepless Monk - In Vivo Manipulation - 04 Tissue Morph
Sleepless Monk - In Vivo Manipulation - 05 Heavy Metal
Sleepless Monk - In Vivo Manipulation - 06 Absolute Immersion
Torakiki - Avesome - 01 PITCH
Torakiki - Avesome - 02 LUXARD
Torakiki - Avesome - 03 O.A.U.
Torakiki - Avesome - 04 TRIPOLAR BEARS
Torakiki - Avesome - 05 PAP
Torakiki - Avesome - 06 TR2
If you think the Audi S8 will rapidly whisk you away from the sports car status quo, wait until you get your hands on the S8 Plus. The German carmaker raises the bar on driving performance with its new model, which boasts more than 600 horsepower and delivers grin-inducing acceleration.
Back in 1996, the automaker introduced a performance sedan known as the Audi S8. Based on the brand's A8 full-size vehicle, the model — according to Autoevolution — was born out of a need to challenge the Jaguar XJR in the large luxury car segment. Fast-forward to the present year, and the 2016 S8, with its 4.0-liter eight-cylinder turbocharged (TFSI) engine, packs 520 horses and 481 pound-feet of torque.
Its new and sportier sibling, on the other hand, offers a substantial gain in power. In fact, the ‘Plus' that was tacked on to the original S8 name represents a car that “defines the pinnacle of sporty performance in the segment.” According to Prof. Dr. Ulrich Hackenberg, a board member for Technical Development at Audi AG, “That is why ‘plus' appears in its name.”
Stuff.co.nz says the new Audi S8 Plus for sale delivers the type of performance that is awfully close to supercar range. That's because the vehicle, which is fitted to an upgraded 4.0 TFSI (V8 biturbo) engine, generates as much as 605 ponies and 516 lb-ft of torque. In overboost mode, Audi says that last number jumps to 553.2 — an increase of 35 lb-ft.
It's no surprise then, that the automaker claims its new model is the highest powered sport sedan in the premium segment. Which means that rivals equipped with a V-8 unit (such as the Jaguar XJR) are outmatched in this department — the one exception being the 2015 Mercedes-Benz S63 AMG and its 664 lb-ft, torque-producing 5.5-liter twin-turbo V-8 engine.
That being said, the Audi S8 Plus will sprint to 62 mph in 3.8 seconds and reach a top speed of 189.5 mph. The large sedan comes paired with an eight-speed tiptronic with quattro all-wheel drive and sport differential. And it features a 509-pound mostly aluminum body that is based on the automaker's lightweight Audi Space Frame.
The carmaker's new sedan will be available this November in Europe with a starting price of 145,200 EUR — the equivalent of around $159,280 USD, based on current exchange rates.
About
To keep up to date after this Kickastarter project is finished, you can subscribe to our newsletter.
People have a legal right to privacy and we believe they should have simple tools available that allow them to enforce it. Cloak is a router that makes it possible for non-experts to protect their privacy using robust open source software.
Just put it on.
Pocket sized privacy when you need it for everybody.
Solves important Tor hardware router issues and enables more devices.
Cloak is for honest people who need confidentiality or just want privacy.
About Cloak
Cloak produces a standard wireless access point plus a Cloaked (anonymised) one that forces all traffic through the Tor network. Cloak is powered by a version of OpenWrt, a free and open source router operating system that has been modified for the purpose. We have had it running trouble free on a variety of standard hardware platforms for many months now.
We are being helped - thanks!
The volunteers at Tor helped us implement this cool feature to help keep your privacy safer. Cloak sends information from different apps and devices through separate network routes to avoid them being matched up.
If you are interested to understand more about how Cloak works with Tor network technology, more information is available on our site here.
With your help we will be able to deliver a low-cost Tor access device to the general public within a few months.
We need money to finance the purchase of injection moulds, components and custom assemblies at a sensible volume. Our target is set at a realistic level to make the finished product economically viable for the manufacturer in the long term.
Prototypes and Engineering Models
You can read the product development history here. There is a cool 3D model of our board design here.
Here is a video of a working prototype being used
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Technical Information
The PDF documents for the electronics (as output directly from the design tool) and the schematics are here;
https://github.com/ReclaimYourPrivacy/hardware-cloak/blob/master/rfq/cloak-pcb.pdf?raw=true
https://github.com/ReclaimYourPrivacy/hardware-cloak/blob/master/rfq/cloak-schematics.pdf?raw=true
Project Timeline
Our initial project map.
29 Oct Launch Kickstarter
Early Nov Prototype of production PCB
Early/Mid Nov Enclosure design and amendments to PCB layout to fit the enclosure
28 Nov Kickstarter Resolution (corrected - this is a 30 day project)
Late Nov, Early Dec Enclosure Design finalized and sent for injection mould manufacture
Late Nov, Early Dec Final PCB design sent for manufacture/assembly
Early/Mid Jan Shipment to Backers
Commitment to Open Source and the Open Source Community
The software that Cloak operates on is Open Source. It is the product of voluntary labour by ordinary people who understand the power of sharing.
Thanks to all of you.
We have made some changes to integrate Tor with OpenWrt and our commitment to the open source ethos demands that we publish our work.
Here it is https://github.com/ReclaimYourPrivacy
You are welcome to use, modify and distribute freely according to the GNU general public license included. All improvements are welcome and thanks to everyone on the Tor boards for those so far.
Tor Exit Nodes
Tor depends on volunteers who own and operate a network of computers. The most precious resource in that network is the exit node, the point where traffic moves to/from the encrypted untraceable Tor network from/to the regular Internet. We commit to establish and operate new exit nodes, to ensure that we are pulling our weight. Tor is currently at approx 2000 users per exit node. For every 1000 devices we ship, we will establish new exit nodes with sufficient capacity - we are seeking advice on assessing this.
Cloak vs The Competition
The Cloak team has been working this project since February and greeted the recent launches of competing projects with mixed feelings. Public response shows there is a strong demand for privacy protection. We were pleased to be right about the level of support for the concept but can't deny we were disappointed to be beaten to launch by days.
We read the increasing volume of technical criticism of similar projects on public forums with interest. We are deeply concerned that failed efforts can tarnish public perception of the underlying cause. The principles that motivate people to demand privacy are core to liberal democracy and are much too important to be obscured by the smoke from faulted attempts at implementation crashing and burning.
We believe we have a sound approach to the technology and will work with the experts out there to demonstrate that.
The Project Team
We are a diverse bunch. There are as many nationalities (British, Danish, Swedish, Malaysian and Chinese) as people in the team.
Adrian Wade - Project Lead
Lars Bøgild Thomsen - Firmware and Networking
Niclas Hedhman - Electronics Design
Edwin Chen - Hardware Manufacture
Praba Ganesan - Public relations
"The Artist" - Mechanical design
Thanks to Martyn Tott for video production assistance.
Alaska lawmakers voted Friday to subpoena the husband of Gov.
The lawmakers acted at the request of Stephen Branchflower, who is in the midst of an investigation into the governor's dismissal of the state's director of public safety.
Branchflower said he also wants to interview the governor, but omitted her from the 13-person list of subpoena targets he presented to the lawmakers overseeing his investigation.
Branchflower said Todd Palin is "such a central figure. ... I think one should be issued for him."
Thomas Van Flein, a private attorney hired to represent the governor, did not immediately return calls for comment.
Two Democrats and one Republican voted for the subpoenas, rejecting attempts by the other two Republicans on the panel to delay them until after the November election.
Sen. Charlie Huggins, a Republican from Palin's hometown of Wasilla, appeared in camouflage pants on a short break from moose hunting to cast his vote. He lamented the political maneuvering that he saw as trying to interfere with the investigation.
"I see all this duck-foot action under the water," Huggins said. "Let's just get the facts on the table.
The Legislature hired Branchflower to examine whether Palin ousted her public safety commissioner in July because he had refused to fire state trooper Mike Wooten. Wooten went through a messy divorce from Palin's sister, and the investigation essentially is looking at whether Palin used her power to try to settle a personal score.
One member of Palin's administration was caught on tape discussing personal information about Wooten, raising questions of how he knew those details.
The investigation - known as "Troopergate" - began before Palin was chosen as Sen. John McCain's running mate. Since then, Palin's supporters have argued that the investigation is politically motivated, and urged lawmakers to turn the matter over to the three-member State Personnel Board, which is appointed by the governor and charged with handling ethics complaints.
Palin has said she fired the commissioner, Walt Monegan, over disagreements about budget priorities. Monegan says he received repeated e-mails and phone calls from Palin, her husband and her staff expressing dismay over Wooten's continued employment.
Branchflower also asked for a subpoena for the phone records of one Palin administration official, Frank Bailey. Bailey was recorded calling an Alaska State Trooper lieutenant and discussing confidential information about Wooten, including his job application and worker's compensation claim. In a deposition taken by Palin's attorney, he testified that he never saw Wooten's file, but instead received the information from Todd Palin.
KEVIN PAUL DUPONT
The representative for Bruins right winger David Pastrnak, who has yet to sign a contract renewal, said Tuesday night via email the two sides recently discussed a new deal for the eight-year maximum term allowed by the National Hockey League's Collective Bargaining Agreement.
“We are now discussing an eight-year max term to see if we can find some common ground,” wrote J.P. Barry, the long-time agent from Toronto, responding to a Globe request to comment on the talks.
Advertisement
With the Bruins' varsity camp set to open in Brighton a week from Thursday, the 21-year-old Pastrnak remains penciled in to resume his duties at right wing on the club's No. 1 line with Brad Marchand and Patrice Bergeron.
Per sources familiar with the talks, which began soon after the Bruins were eliminated from the playoffs in late April, the Bruins offered Pastrnak his choice of a six- or seven-year deal, paying $6 million a year.
If Bruins GM Don Sweeney were willing to push out to the eight-year max, the past practice around the league would project the annual payout to be above $6 million, perhaps middle ground between $6 million and the recent $8.5 million a year the Oilers recently gave Leon Draisaitl, who is also a 21-year-old forward/center.
“They know our position on the current marketplace for elite young forwards,” wrote Barry, “and we will continue our negotiations again [Wednesday].”
Pastrnak, his original three-year contract now expired, collected a career high line of 34-36—70 in 75 games last season.
Advertisement
Sweeney responded to an email seeking comment Wednesday morning.
“I don't have anything further to comment on at this time,” Sweeney replied.
Editors of The Journal of the American Medical Association, better known as JAMA, can be a little thin-skinned when it comes to outsiders taking issue with studies published in the prestigious medical journal.
Jonathan Leo, a professor of neuro-anatomy at tiny Lincoln Memorial University in Harrogate, Tenn., posted a letter on the Web site of the British Medical Journal this month criticizing a study that appeared in JAMA last spring. The study concerned the use of the anti-depressant Lexapro in stroke patients.
In addition to identifying what he said was an important omission in the paper — that behavioral therapy worked just as well as the drug when compared head to head in the study — Leo also pointed out that the lead author had a financial relationship …
Ever get the feeling that the entire global economy is one big experiment conducted by several former Keynesian economists from MIT with a bent for central planning, who sit down in conspiratorial dark rooms in tiny Swiss cities and bet it all on green until they double down so much nobody even pays attention to the game? No? You should. Jon Hilsenrath, of all people, explains why.
From the WSJ:
Every two months, more than a dozen bankers meet here on Sunday evenings to talk and dine on the 18th floor of a cylindrical building looking out on the Rhine.
The dinner discussions on money and economics are more than academic. At the table are the chiefs of the world's biggest central banks, representing countries that annually produce more than $51 trillion of gross domestic product, three-quarters of the world's economic output.
Of late, these secret talks have focused on global economic troubles and the aggressive measures by central banks to manage their national economies. Since 2007, central banks have flooded the world financial system with more than $11 trillion. Faced with weak recoveries and Europe's churning economic problems, the effort has accelerated. The biggest central banks plan to pump billions more into government bonds, mortgages and business loans.
Their monetary strategy isn't found in standard textbooks. The central bankers are, in effect, conducting a high-stakes experiment, drawing in part on academic work by some of the men who studied and taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the 1970s and 1980s.
"Will history decide they did too little or too much? We don't know because it is still a work in progress," said Kenneth Rogoff, an economics professor at Harvard and co-author of a book, "This Time Is Different," examining financial crises over eight centuries. "They are taking risks because it is an experimental strategy."
Three of the world's most powerful central bankers launched their careers in a building known as "E52," home to the MIT economics department. Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and ECB President Mario Draghi earned their Ph.D.s there in the late 1970s. Bank of England Governor Mervyn King taught briefly there in the 1980s, sharing an office with Mr. Bernanke.
Many economists emerged from MIT with a belief that government could help to smooth out economic downturns. Central banks play a particularly important role in this view, not only by setting interest rates but also by influencing public expectations through carefully worded statements.
While at MIT, the central bankers dreamed up mathematical models and discussed their ideas in seminar rooms and at cheap food joints in a rundown Boston-area neighborhood on the Charles River.
Over Sunday dinners in Basel, which often stretch to three hours, they now talk of pressing, real-world problems with authority. The meals are part of two-day meetings held six times a year at the BIS. Dinner guests include leaders of the Fed, ECB, Bank of England and Bank of Japan, as well as central bankers from India, China, Mexico, Brazil and a few other countries.
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny says he is devastated by news of the sudden death of Junior Minister Shane McEntee, who was a close friend.
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny says he is devastated by news of the sudden death of Junior Minister Shane McEntee, who was a close friend.
Mr McEntee was the Fine Gael TD for Meath East. He was 56 and married with three children.
Mr Kenny described the TD as a dedicated servant of the people of Meath.
Mr Kenny added: "He brought great energy, diligence and enthusiasm to his role.
"On a personal level, Shane McEntee was a loyal friend and colleague and my thoughts and prayers go out to Kathleen and their family at this very sad time."
Agriculture Minister Simon Coveney, who worked closely with Mr McEntee, said he was deeply shocked and saddened by his colleague's death.
"My thoughts and prayers are with his wife and family at what must be an awful and difficult time," said the minister.
President Michael D Higgins said he remembered Mr McEntee as a colleague.
"Shane McEntee made an enormous contribution to community and public life throughout his career in farming and agriculture, as a TD representing the people of Meath in Dail Eireann and to the world of sport through his involvement with the GAA," said Mr Higgins.
"He will be missed by his family and friends, colleagues in political life and by the wider community."
Fianna Fail leader Micheal Martin said: "He was a true gentleman who commanded the genuine affection and respect of people on all sides of the House."
Mr McEntee was appointed as Minister of State at the Department of Agriculture with special responsibilities for Food, Food Safety and Horticulture.
He was first elected in 2005 to replace former Taoiseach and Fine Gael leader John Bruton on his appointment as EU Ambassador to the United States.
Irish Farmers' Association (IFA) president John Bryan said the farming community was shocked.
"Shane McEntee was a decent, hardworking public representative and farmers were very proud of his appointment as minister of state with responsibility for forestry last year," said Mr Bryan.
"He worked tirelessly on behalf of his constituents and the farming community to find solutions."
Mr Bryan added that both Mr McEntee and his father Tony before him were hugely committed to the IFA and its work in improving conditions for farm families.
He said his work was appreciated all over the country.
The IFA extended its deepest sympathies to Mr McEntee's wife, children, his mother Madge, brothers and sister.
Mr McEntee was first elected as a TD in the Meath by-election in 2005, and re-elected in May 2007 when he was appointed deputy spokesman on transport with responsibility for road safety.
The TD was involved in numerous voluntary organisations, and had a particular love for the GAA.
He trained a number of football teams, including the Meath Minors, achieving success at county level six times.
I'm getting pretty tired of this. For starters, I didn't exactly ask to be born in the late 50s. But I was. Given a choice, I'd just as soon not be one of the biggest generations born in the US. I'd rather stay in my corner and be creative. Like it or not, though, I am a Baby Boomer. And lately, that means I'm viewed as a piggy citizen who wants more than my fair share at the expense of...gasp! My children. And my future grandchildren, of course.
This is the Village Wisdom, of course. Instead of dealing with reality, it's far easier to set up a generational battle between us and our children over who might be more entitled to a future without a ballooning deficit by suggesting Boomers take the hit now in order to make it nicer for everyone else.
There has been much brave talk recently, from Republicans and Democrats alike, about reducing budget deficits and controlling government spending. The trouble is that hardly anyone admits that accomplishing these goals must include making significant cuts in Social Security and Medicare benefits for baby boomers.
Bullsh*t. Love the "hardly anyone admits" sentence there, stated as if it were fact that no one in their right mind disputes. This is how they do things. They state things as fact which are not fact, in order to make us think it's fact.
There is no need to make significant cuts in Social Security or Medicare. The trouble is that hardly anyone admits that accomplishing these goals must include reasonable tax increases to retire the deficit in a reasonable amount of time. Because, and listen closely...
Social Security isn't ballooning the deficit. Medicare doesn't have to balloon the deficit.
Repeat that. Over and over.
The tax cut deal just made cut employees' Social Security contributions by 2% and those contributions will be made up via the general fund. This is why there's such an outcry on the right about the deficit (even though they also argue that tax cuts don't have to be paid for...) and on the left about the danger this poses to Social Security. On this one, the left is correct, but it's a problem which could be remedied with one small change to existing law.
Equalize the taxable wage base. It hasn't been done for 20 years. The cap is too low. Leave employees' contributions at 4% and raise the limit to cover the difference. That's all. In 2010 and 2011, the taxable wage base was $106,800. Any earnings over that level do not count for purposes of Social Security contributions (though they do count toward Medicare contributions).
This 2009 report (PDF) tells the tale quite simply.
CRS estimated the potential impact of eliminating the taxable wage base on future benefits and taxes. If the base were removed in 2013, CRS estimates that by 2035, 21% of beneficiaries would have paid some additional payroll taxes over the course of their lifetimes. However, the average change in taxes and benefits would be small. Looking only at individuals who would pay any additional taxes over the course of their lifetimes, at the median, total lifetime tax payments would rise by 3% and benefits would increase by 2% relative to current law. In general, those in the highest income groups would have the largest changes in both tax payments and in benefits relative to current law. Raising or eliminating the cap on wages that are subject to taxes could reduce the long-range deficit in the Social Security Trust Funds. For example, if the maximum taxable earnings amount had been raised in 2005 from $90,000 to $150,000—roughly the level needed to cover 90% of all earnings—it would have eliminated roughly 40% of the long-range shortfall in Social Security. If all earnings were subject to the payroll tax, but the base was retained for benefit calculations, the Social Security Trust Funds would remain solvent for the next 75 years. However, having different bases for contributions and benefits would weaken the traditional link between the taxes workers pay into the system and the benefits they receive.
This report doesn't address the possibility of keeping workers' contributions at 4% AND expanding the wage base, but I'm betting some combination of the two would serve the purpose of maintaining solvency while spreading out the contributions in a way that is more progressive.
But no. The Very Important Commentators have other Very Important Thoughts on The Subject.
If we don't [cut boomers' benefits], we will be condemned to some combination of inferior policies. We can raise taxes sharply over the next 15 or 20 years, roughly 50 percent from recent levels, to cover expanding old-age subsidies and existing government programs. Or we can accept permanently huge budget deficits.
Again I say, bullsh*t.
Medicare is indisputably expensive. How can it not be when it covers everyone insurers wouldn't touch with a ten-foot pole? Elderly and disabled people are not going to be cheap, and it's not going to get any cheaper when we've got returning disabled veterans needing care from the Veterans' Administration either. The correct answer for Medicare is one that most progressives have embraced for years: Allow others to buy into it.
Here's the theoretical buy-in plan I always thought would work best. It phases in buy-in opportunities and opens a door for those who cannot afford insurance now and will be eligible for federal subsidies later.
First 5 years: Allow buy-in from individuals under 30 and over 50. This brings in two groups: those who have difficulty finding affordable insurance and those who are generally young and healthy. The rate for buy-in should be some reasonable cost on an annual basis calculated per-individual without respect to age or health. Second 5 years: Open buy-in to individuals 30-40 on same rate basis. Third 5 years: Open to all individuals at a flat rate per year.
This plan would assume that people who are employed and covered under a group insurance plan would not be eligible for a Medicare buy-in, but could opt for it instead of COBRA continuation instead (although COBRA will soon become obsolete under the Affordable Care Act).
This plan would make the individual mandate more palatable, provide a baseline for everyone to have access to health care, and it would also give insurance companies apoplexy. The latter is their problem.
It's only one idea for how to do things, but it can be done. This nonsense about how it is Absolutely Necessary that Boomers take the hit for the good of all is just that. Nonsense. And to prove it, here's Samuelson's conclusion:
But not making cuts would also be unfair to younger generations and the nation's future. We have a fairness dilemma: Having avoided these problems for decades, we must now be unfair to someone. To admit this is to demolish the moral case for leaving baby boomers alone. Baby boomers - I'm on the leading edge - and their promised benefits are the problem. If they're off-limits, the problem is being evaded. Together, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid represent two-fifths of federal spending, double defense's share.
To which I add this incantation for the third time: bullsh*t. We don't need to be unfair to anyone. We need to be creative. We need to quit lying about how desperate the situation is. We need to admit that conservatives loathe New Deal policies and programs like Social Security and desperately want to kill it. They've got the mainstream media, Fox News, and the Tea Party on their side. What they don't have is truth.
Update: Yet another Washington Post opinionator -- Michael Gerson -- weighs in for cuts to Social Security, and worse, suggests that investments in US Treasury Bonds are somehow bad. Hint for Gerson: Those T-Bonds finance the wars he loves so much. I'm guessing the editorial board at the Washington Post is somehow vested in screwing boomers.
PORTLAND, Ore., June 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Prosper Portland (Portland Development Commission) has approved a plan to clear the 725 SW 10th Parking Structure of all five current business tenants, including Peterson's Convenience Store, to renovate the retail level store areas.
This move will cost over $25,000,000 without fixing the major seismic issues of the almost 40-year-old building. This plan vacates the building for a year, although the parking and MAX stops will remain open to the public.
Peterson's will lose a location it has had for over 32 years, which employs much of Peterson's 28 staff members. Peterson's trained staff currently help many tourists every day and night, often being the only retailer open during late hours to offer items hotel guests need.
Much like Powell's Books and Voodoo Doughnuts, Peterson's is a staple in the Downtown Portland community. Peterson's serves over 900 customers daily, and will be one of the first MAX stop locations to offer the upgraded HOP FastPass card when TRIMET ends cash ticket buying.
Doug Peterson said, "Don't let the name fool you; Prosper Portland is out to gentrify Portland with taxpayer dollars. They have many new, better locations for the new Downtown business plan, but have attacked my store first. Please contact the Mayor as soon as possible to ask to save Peterson's. I may survive, but my staff will be gravely damaged. This is not the way to build Portland."
Although the city claims to have a fair tenanting plan, Resolution 7240 adopted on June 14 of this year by Prosper Portland put forth criteria designed to exclude Peterson's SW 10th and Morrison store and as of January 14th, 2018 they will be evicted. Peterson's could stay open during and after construction, but the current plan was designed for a permanent eviction.
Peterson's employees and owner Doug Peterson testified before Portland City Council on June 21st, protesting Prosper Portland (formerly Portland Development Commission) and their use of taxpayer funds for the gentrification of Downtown Portland, which will force the permanent closure of Peterson's Morrison Store.
Peterson's calls for Portland constituents to contact Mayor Wheeler to petition against the removal of the current business tenants of the 725 SW 10th Parking Structure by emailing MayorWheeler@portlandoregon.gov or calling 503-823-4120.
For more information visit SavePetersons.com or contact Doug Peterson at 503-227-0567 or 165352@email4pr.com.
SOURCE Peterson's Convenience Store
Twitter exploded today with images of two very different baby sling packages, both manufactured by Baby K'Tan.
In one image, a Black mother is featured with her baby in the sling; in the other, a White woman is featured with her baby in the sling as well.
The difference?
The White woman has a smiling White man behind her to complete the family portrait.
The backlash was instantaneous, with Twitter users claiming that Baby K'Tan was trafficking in racist stereotypes about the Black family, particularly Black women.
@BabyKtan I would strongly suggest interviewing for marketing interns at HBCU's and creating a path for employment for these students. — Alan Holman (@reunionmemphis) June 23, 2014
@BabyKtan so I have questions about this picture. Why doesn't the Black mother have a man with her as well? pic.twitter.com/7BnHayFkqm — J I Λ (@missjia) June 23, 2014
Black people when we support marketing from companies like @BabyKtan we disempower ourselves and give our money to people who don't honor us — Re-Beck-Err R-Teess (@rebeccajackart) June 23, 2014
Absolutely disgusting message given off on your products that the black father is non-existant @babyktan pic.twitter.com/hU9BvLGiiE — GAMEFACE 24/7 (@imjustsayin418) June 23, 2014
@BabyKtan It's unfortunate because you guys do have a great product but dang. Perception can become reality. Disappointed in this. — Christina Morillo (@divinetechygirl) June 23, 2014
@BabyKtan @CorporateBarbie The issue is your decision to exclude an African-American COUPLE on your packaging. We do marry, you know. :-/ — Tonya Alston (@TonyaA6) June 23, 2014
Fuck @BabyKtan 😒 RT @ForRevolution: Black women: the asexual humans. We fuck and impregnate ourselves. *eye roll* pic.twitter.com/NYwstzlNDN — Princess of Zamunda (@Artemis_J) June 23, 2014
Baby K'Tan quickly responded to what it characterizes as a “misrepresentation”:
It has come to our attention that there is a misleading photo circulating around the internet. Our company takes these matters very seriously and wishes to address them without any further delay. The photo in question shows two Baby K'tan Baby Carriers on the shelf at an unidentified retailer. One Baby K'tan product features an African American woman holding her baby, and the other Baby K'tan product features a Caucasian couple with their baby. This portrayal has left many of our loyal patrons concerned that this is an unfair representation of African American families. Furthermore, the box bearing the African American woman was inaccurately priced lower than the box with the Caucasian couple. Let's address these pressing matters head on: 1) We have a total of 5 different products, each featuring a different image on the front of the packaging. One box has the Caucasian couple on the front, and the other four boxes have individual mothers with their babies on the front (including African American and Caucasian women). 2) The Baby K'tan product featuring the African American woman is from our organic line which should actually be priced higher than the other product displayed. 3) The couple considered to be Caucasian is actually in fact an international couple, featuring a Caucasian mom and a Hispanic dad. Our company was built and has prospered because of our focus on diversity and inclusion. We wholeheartedly reject any false, unfounded and baseless claims of discrimination as depicted in the above misrepresentation. We here at Baby K'tan fully support exposing any unfair and inaccurate stereotypes, racism and/or discrimination wherever it may exist. We plan to continue including diverse parents, both individually and as couples, throughout our images. In fact, we are proud to have such wholesome and loving caregivers as the faces of our company.
Even with that in-depth explanation, some people still called foul:
@BabyKtan your response is awful and weak. If a White woman has a man as a partner why can't the Black woman? #typicalracistcorporation — Rebecca JacksonArtis (@rebeccajackart) June 23, 2014
But the company is not without its supporters:
@babyktan ignore these fools in your mentions. One minute on your website shows you guys care about representing diverse moms — Elita (@Blacktating) June 23, 2014
What do you think, NewsOne Fam? Is this a case of misrepresentation or clear racist stereotyping? Is there an appropriate way to market to single, Black mothers?
Weigh in!
Also On News One:
May 1, 2013 4 min read
This story appears in the April 2013 issue of . Subscribe »
I downloaded Vine, the new short-video creation and sharing app for the iPhone, when it had been on the market less than a week. One of my first followers was Paul McCartney--yes, that Paul McCartney.
This thrilled me enormously. My family, however, was unimpressed. "What's Vine?" they asked. And, tragically, "Who's Paul McCartney?" (The latter from my teenage daughter.)
I was reminded of this disconnect when I read a report from Indianapolis-based e-mail and interactive marketing company ExactTarget, which found that marketers, as a group, behave differently onliner than their customers.
Marketers, as a group, behave differently onliner than their customers: A whopping 93% of marketers have made a purchase as a direct result of an e-mail marketing message, while only 49% of online consumers have done so.
Marketers surpass consumers in their daily use of e-mail, texting and social platforms. Some 90 percent of marketers own a smartphone, vs. 51 percent of online consumers as a whole. A whopping 93 percent of marketers have made a purchase as a direct result of an e-mail marketing message, while only 49 percent of online consumers have done so.
What is the significance of this? The differences point to a fundamental fact about marketing: Your perspective may be skewed if you make assumptions about customers based on your own behavior, rather than that of the people you want to reach. In my case, that assumption led only to some open mocking; in your case, the consequences could be far more dire. If you are operating on a different wavelength than your customers, your marketing will seem like it's from Mars--and will not resonate with its intended audience.
Let's take a look at some adages that can help you gain real insight into your customer base.
Fish where the fish are.
You should know who your ideal customer is. (Marketers might call this a target persona.) But where are these people? Which social networks do they use? What publications do they read? What communities are they part of? Where do they go for information?
A fisherman would plan to hang out by the right pool. How do you find it? Ask, don't assume. Too often, only sales and customer service reps talk to real, live customers; marketers tend not to interact directly with the people they are targeting. So change that: Survey folks on your e-mail or mailing list. Invite customers to a meal. Or, just pick up the phone.
Shoot where the pheasant will be.
In other words, be there before the sale. You can apply this concept (based loosely on Wayne Gretzky's comment, "Skate to where the puck is going, not to where it has been") in numerous ways. I think of it as anticipating your customers' needs and serving them before they even know they need you. How do you do this? By answering both the questions they have and those they should have when they're looking to buy.
For example, check out a few blog posts from Yale Appliance and Lighting: "The Four Best Steam Ovens"; "Quietest Dishwasher by Decibel Rating"; "How to Clean Your Gas Grill." Notice how the titles read like the contents of Consumer Reports? CEO Steve Sheinkopf is positioning his Boston appliance company as not just a retailer, but a resource. He's shooting where the pheasant will be. He's there before the sale.
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
Can you stand one more animal analogy? This one is from George Orwell's classic Animal Farm. I'm invoking it to underscore the concept that while customers may vary and may lurk in many places around the web--Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, LinkedIn, discussion groups--some customers are better than others. Most have constrained budgets and limited resources. So focus your efforts on the channels and platforms and segments that will yield the most for you.
Not rocket science, certainly. But in an age when digital tools and platforms and apps are expanding at a rapid rate (anyone cares to join Sir Paul and me on Vine?), it's worth mentioning.
Even before any verdicts have been reached, the Freddie Gray case has ended up in the state's highest court, where prosecutors and defense attorneys will spar Thursday.
The central issue facing the Maryland Court of Appeals revolves around the state's immunity statute, and whether Officer William G. Porter, one of six Baltimore police charged in the case, can be forced to testify against his fellow officers.
Porter contends that Circuit Judge Barry G. Williams violated his rights by ordering him to testify in the coming trials of two officers. Williams rejected prosecutors' request to force Porter to testify in the trial of three other co-defendants, and prosecutors want the high court to reverse that decision.
The appeals court agreed to take up the issues, halting all of the officers' trials pending its rulings.
The Court of Appeals could issue a brief ruling as soon as Thursday afternoon, with a longer opinion to follow. Or it could take months to reach a decision.
The seven judges may ask questions during the hearing in Annapolis. The court allows cameras, and the proceedings are to be streamed online.
Williams' gag order barring prosecutors and defense attorneys from speaking publicly about the cases, in place since October, does not apply to the Court of Appeals proceedings.
Defense attorney Marc Zayon, who represents Officer Edward M. Nero, said he is "exceptionally confident" the high court would dismiss the prosecution's appeal to force Porter to testify in his client's case.
"We don't believe the state had any grounds to appeal, and the whole purpose was to delay Officer Nero and Officer [Garrett E.] Miller's trial."
The Baltimore state's attorney's office declined to comment.
Legal observers not involved in the case said it is rare for the high court to take up all of the issues, and at this juncture. One of the questions the Court of Appeals asked attorneys to address in written briefs was whether the prosecutors' appeal was something that could even be considered by the high court.
"We take the position that this is not an appealable order," said attorney Catherine Flynn, who represents Miller.
Prosecutors contend that the court can take up the issue. They consider Porter a key witness in the trials of Officer Caesar R. Goodson Jr. and Sgt. Alicia White — a reason they tried Porter first among the six officers.
But Porter's trial ended in a mistrial in December after jurors were unable to reach a unanimous verdict on any of the four charges against him. He was scheduled for a retrial in June, and the rest of the cases were to move forward as planned, with Goodson's next.
Williams granted Porter immunity intended to prevent his testimony in the Goodson and White cases from being used against him at his retrial.
Williams and Baltimore prosecutor Michael Schatzow said the move was unprecedented in Maryland in a case involving co-defendants.
Gray, a 25-year-old black man, died last April after suffering a spinal injury in police custody. His death prompted citywide protests against police brutality, and widespread rioting and looting broke out the day of his funeral.
Six police officers involved in Gray's arrest and death face charges that include assault, manslaughter, second-degree murder and misconduct. All have pleaded not guilty.
Porter's attorneys say forcing him to testify against the other officers would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. They contend that Porter, who was called a liar by prosecutors at his trial, could be exposed to perjury charges, and that his immunity would not cover him in the event of a federal prosecution.
They have called giving a defendant unwanted immunity to force him to testify against co-defendants a "foul blow," and say Porter is being "treated as the state's pawn."
"By ignoring the constitutional rights of Porter in order to overcome the lack of evidence in those cases, the state employs a 'win at all costs' strategy," Porter's attorneys wrote. "The law does not support such tactics."
Prosecutors say Porter's "insistence on labeling himself a defendant, and not a witness, misses the point."
"To be sure, in the case of the State of Maryland versus William Porter, Porter is the defendant," they wrote. "But in the other five cases related to the death of Freddie Gray, Porter is a witness."
Prosecutors say they have broad discretion to use immunity. While they must ask a judge to grant the request, they say the language of the statute says the judge "shall" grant it.
That is also a key part of prosecutors' argument that Williams was wrong to deny their request to force Porter to testify in the trials of Nero, Miller and Lt. Brian W. Rice.
Prosecutors had not previously listed Porter as a witness in those cases, and Williams said he believed the late decision by prosecutors was a stalling tactic — since the issue of whether Porter could be forced to testify was already before the Court of Special Appeals.
Williams said the move was "simply an attempt at subterfuge" because prosecutors did not want to try the next three cases first.
Prosecutors say Porter's testimony is relevant to proving one of the elements of reckless endangerment and that their position on his importance to the other cases evolved over time.
"We think we have the right to change our mind," Schatzow told Williams.
Defense attorneys for Nero, Miller and Rice say prosecutors showed an "unfettered lack of restraint" in making the move.
Appeals typically are filed after a case has come to a conclusion or a final judgment in a lower court. Rulings are handed down with which attorneys disagree, such as the exclusion of evidence or the barring of certain arguments, but they must wait until the proceedings are over to file an appeal.
One of the questions the high court has asked is whether Williams' order is an appealable final judgment.
Attorneys for the officers say allowing prosecutors to appeal Williams' ruling would "open the floodgates and cause the operation of the trial courts to come to a halt in criminal matters" as prosecutors take rulings to the appellate courts.
Prosecutors counter that the ruling about Porter's testimony was essentially a civil proceeding that was "collateral" to the criminal case, and was final and can be appealed. They argue alternatively that there are still other ways that allow the court to take up the case.
The Maryland attorney general's office often handles appeals, and Assistant Attorney General Carrie Williams will argue Porter's appeal in the trials of Goodson and White.
Dec 8, 2013; Baltimore, MD, USA; Minnesota Vikings running back Toby Gerhart (32) is met by wide receiver Jerome Simpson (81) and tackle Phil Loadholt (71) after an apparent injury during his fourth quarter touchdown run against the Baltimore Ravens at M
Stay up-to-date with Ramblin' Fan during the Holidays: Get the FanSided Sports Mobile App! by FanSided
At this point in the season everyone is dealing with injuries, some teams less than others. Looking at this week's injury report for the Rams and Buccaneers it looks like there are only two players that are officially listed as being out while others remain game time decisions.
For the Buccaneers their only concern is with safety Mark Barron. Barron, who has been dealing with a hamstring injury. If Barron can't play, Keith Tandy would get the start.
For the Rams, wide receiver Tavon Austin will once again be a game time decision after injuring his ankle against the Cardinals two weeks ago. Austin missed last week's game against the Saints. Other than that though it looks like the Rams are overall pretty healthy.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
S Mark Barron-Hamstring-Limited Participation in Practice-Questionable
DE Da'Quan Bowers-Knee-Did Not Participate In Practice-Out
G Davin Joseph-Knee-Full Participation in Practice-Probable
DT Akeem Spence-Wrist-Full Participation in Practice-Probable
LB Lavonte David-Hamstring-Full Participation in Practice-Probable
WR Vincent Jackson-Hamstring-Full Participation in Practice-Probable
G Carl Nicks-Foot-Did Not Participate In Practice-Out
St. Louis Rams
WR Tavon Austin-Ankle-Did Not Participate In Practice-Questionable
T Mike Person-Illness-Did Not Participate In Practice-Probable
RB Daryl Richardson-Thigh-Did Not Participate In Practice-Questionable
LB Will Witherspoon-Illness-Did Not Participate In Practice-Probable
CB Janoris Jenkins-Back-Limited Participation in Practice-Probable
Review: Willie Nelson, 'Summertime'
Note: NPR's First Listen audio comes down after the album is released. However, you can still listen with the Spotify playlist at the bottom of the page.
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
Every time Rod Stewart, Linda Ronstadt, Carly Simon or even Bob Dylan have done a standards album, maybe they should have had to pay a small royalty to Willie Nelson. The co-king of the 1970s outlaw-country movement did about the most outlaw thing he could have done in 1978 by releasing Stardust, a deep dive into the then-uncool Great American Songbook that presaged decades of other rock, country and soul singers also doing their part to break down the Irving Berlin wall. He wasn't the first of his generation to make a recorded case for Hoagy Carmichael, Ringo Starr's little-noticed solo debut, Sentimental Journey, having been an early entry in the genre. But it was the quintuple-platinum Stardust, far more than any other album, that marked an official end to the generation gap.
The last song on Stardust was George and Ira Gershwin's "Someone To Watch Over Me," and 38 years later, he revives that revival on Summertime: Willie Nelson Sings Gershwin. Probably wisely, Nelson resisted the urge to title his Gershwin tribute album S'Willie — that doesn't quite trip off the tongue the way it should — but this prosaic title fits, too. In Willie's world, the livin' is nothing but easy, and the general mood befits the musical comedies of the 1930s from which most of the songs spring (Porgy And Bess withstanding). While at 74 Dylan is using his excursions into standards (he just started recording another one) to stare down dark, Sinatra-style alleys, the 82-year-old Nelson has never sounded more like he belongs on the sunny side of the street.
This applies even to the straight ballads. You almost have to laugh hearing Nelson re-record "Someone To Watch Over Me," because the last person in the world you'd take for a "little lamb who's lost in the wood" would be the romantically independent and usually blithe Nelson. But it's an enormous pleasure to hear him glide through Ira's pleading syllables, even if we don't believe the vulnerability and anguish in the album-opening "But Not For Me" for a breezy second.
Nelson does "put on some speed" in plenty of the new album's tracks, adopting a style that nearly approaches the light-footedness of Western swing, though there's nary a moment you'd mistake for straight country. "I Got Rhythm" opens with riffs being traded between Nelson's eternal harmonica player, Mickey Raphael, and guest steel-guitar legend Paul Franklin — and it's interesting that Nelson makes freer use of steel when he's venturing toward jazz than he does back in the country wheelhouse. Nelson's triumph in his use of rhythm is to make you barely notice any rhythm at all, from the first touch of brushes on a snare in the opening track. "Jaunty" and "effortless" may sound like damning-with-faint-praise terms, but Nelson's lack of interest in having us see him or his crack ensemble sweat is no reason not to admire the decades of accomplishment that make the singer sound as born to Gershwin champagne soirees as to Toby Keith duets.
A few years ago, as part of his at-least-an-album-a-year output, Nelson released To All The Girls..., a collection of new duets with female singers. He reprises that concept here with a pair of collaborations. First up is Cyndi Lauper — set to make her foray into country this spring — in "Let's Call The Whole Thing Off." She uses the pure comedy of Ira's lyrics as a springboard to have even more fun with the (arguable?) mispronunciations, and can't help blurting out, "I love you, Willie" over the solo he delivers on his trusty acoustic guitar, Trigger. Nelson doesn't return the vocal idiosyncrasies, so it's unclear if he's having what she's having or has already quietly made the decision to call things off, but his and Lauper's harmonies in the chorus exude truly vintage-sounding sweetness. A more frequent duet partner, Sheryl Crow, plays it straight in "Embraceable You," the perfect aperitif for a Valentine's Day gone particularly well.
If you love the Red-Headed Stranger but Gershwin is, for some reason, not your thing, don't worry — he'll have another album out in about 10 minutes, to add to the 70 or so studio records already in his just-keep-scrolling discography. When he asks, "Who's got the last laugh now" (in "They All Laughed"), it's clearly a trick question: A sense of finality, or even winding down, is not in his vocabulary. If you believed in cosmic balance, you could almost imagine that his having such a prolific career is justice for George "You Can't Take That Away From Me" Gershwin having been taken away from us in 1937 at the tragic age of 38. "Our Love Is Here To Stay"? That's a sentiment you do believe, coming out of the sweet mouth of the most lovable of all immortals.
University of Oregon athletics directorannounced today a contract extension for head baseball coachthat will run through June 30, 2020."We appreciate George's leadership in building Oregon baseball, and we are excited about the future," Mullens said.In nine seasons at Oregon, Horton has resurrected a dormant Ducks' baseball program and built it into one of the top programs in the country. During his tenure in Eugene, he has compiled a 320-220-1 record (.592) while leading the Ducks to the postseason five times. Over the last six seasons, Oregon has won 234 games, tied for the 15th most in the country.Under Horton, Oregon made its first modern-era NCAA appearance in just its second season of existence, playing in the NCAA Regionals in 2010. The Ducks topped that effort in 2012 advancing to their first Super Regional and finishing just one win shy of advancing to the College World Series. UO also reached the NCAA Regionals in 2013, 2014 and 2015, winning a school-record 48 games in 2013. From 2012 to 2014, Oregon was one of just eight teams to win 40-plus games in all three seasons"I'm very happy that we were able to extend our agreement well ahead of the Sept. 10 deadline," Horton said. "And I'm excited for and eager to start the 2017-18 season so we can continue toward achieving our goals as a baseball program."Oregon's student-athletes have excelled on an off the field under Horton. A total of 29 players have been selected, two in the first round, in the Major League Baseball Draft, with four advancing to the big leagues. Academically, 36 players have been named to the Pac-12 All-Academic team during Horton's tenure, with five earning first-team honors. In 2017 the team accumulated an average GPA of 3.02 with a 91 percent Graduation Success Rate.
Welcome to /r/oddlysatisfying!
Here you can post things that make you feel, well, oddly satisfied. This can be physical (like popping bubble wrap), visual (a perfectly looped GIF), or even aural (the crunching of leaves).
What does "Oddly Satisfying" mean?
We are forever searching for a "true definition". It's a thing that fits your interpretation of what is "oddly satisfying" plus the inexplicable feeling we all know.
Subjective. Indefinable. Completely recognizable. It's a wonderful feeling.
Rules:
Please report rule-violating posts and comments by messaging the moderators with a link to the post in question. This helps us remove them more promptly.
1) Banned Topics:
We have a number of banned topics. Please do not submit any of the following:
Memes or image macros.
Number posts . Posts centered around number patterns, or round numbers. This includes Reddit karma, Facebook likes, calendars, gas prices, odometers, receipts, screenshots of the games such as "2048", etc. You can, however, submit these to . Posts centered around number patterns, or round numbers. This includes Reddit karma, Facebook likes, calendars, gas prices, odometers, receipts, screenshots of the games such as "2048", etc. You can, however, submit these to /r/OddlySatisPi_ing
Violence . Content portraying violence, including but not limited to animal or human, are prohibited and will be removed.
Off-topic Content: Any content determined off-topic to and/or submitted for purposes other than the overall theme of the subreddit will be removed. An unfortunate example may be found Any content determined off-topic to and/or submitted for purposes other than the overall theme of the subreddit will be removed. An unfortunate example may be found here
Compilation Albums/Videos. No compilation videos of any variety. Violations will result in a permanent ban. The entirety of compilation albums must be a continuation of, or remain central to, the first image of said album (E.g., separate gifs of a Rube Goldberg machine or a catalog of one artist's work). Albums must not contain any images in violation of Rule #3.
2) NSFW/NSFL posts/comments:
NSFW/NSFL links or images are not allowed. NSFW text posts and comments are allowed ("Say it, don't show it.").
3) Reposts:
Do not repost content that has been submitted to this subreddit within the last 2 months or content that is in the top 100 posts of all time. When you report posts, please include a link to the original version of the post.
4) Content Removal/Privilege Revocation:
Mods reserve the right to remove content or restrict users' posting privileges as necessary, if it is deemed detrimental to the subreddit or to the experience of others.
5) Submission Titles:
Title submissions must describe the content shown. Any user should know the contents of a link before clicking.
Clickbait-esque titles are not allowed.
Titles claiming possession, original content, event participation, etc. (such as "My...", "Mine...", "Our...", "We...", etc.) in which another's original work/content may be mistaken as OP's will be removed.
6) [OC]/Source Citation:
Please cite the source of submitted content, particularly fine-art submissions.
Original Content by artists, musicians, etc. is encouraged. Submissions must include [OC] in the title. Reserve links to social media accounts for the comments section if possible (see Rule #7). A great example may be found here. Please do not spam our subreddit or reddit in general. Please read the reddit wiki on self-promotion to avoid being reported to the admins.
Works by artists, graphic designs and logos are encouraged. Content must keep within the overall subreddit theme and not violate Rule #7. Permitted examples may be found here, here, and here
7) Spam Accounts/Links/Submissions:
No spamming whatsoever. Violation of this rule may result in a permanent ban. Such violations include: Links to clickbait-esque sites (e.g. Buzzfeed), suspicious domains, social media accounts (Instagram, Facebook, etc.), etc. Off-topic content (political, crowd-funding, etc.). Repetitive submissions to Youtube channels, social media accounts, webpages, blogs, newsletters, etc. Advertisements, marketing & ad-heavy sites. Trolling in any capacity. Any content which may be interpreted as spam or ad-revenue generation not elsewhere mentioned.
Violation of this rule may result in a permanent ban. Such violations include:
8) Reddiquette, Comments & Subreddit Behavior:
Please abide by proper reddiquette at all times.
Please keep the comments section civil and friendly. General cursing/foul language are allowed.
The definition of what truly is "Oddly Satisfying" is subjective and unique to each user. Please respect their definition.
9) Crossposts
x-posting from other subs is encouraged by reddit admins. Under no circumstances should a user's post be considered in violation of this subreddit's rules unless they are in actuality in violation of a rule. i.e. don't report a user just because they have a large amount of karma.
Related subreddits:
XOYO are proud to announce, drum and bass pioneer Andy C will become the club's first quarter resident of 2017.
The Ram Records boss will play each Friday across January, February and March with a slew of legendary drum and bass DJs joining him for eleven of the thirteen dates - Andy opens and closes his residency with All Night sets in the intimate setting of XOYO's basement.
Described as one of the most technically gifted DJs in dance music, Andy C was an obvious selection as XOYO's first drum and bass DJ to take on their residency.
His thirteen week residency will see him take things back to basics, paying homage the genre's rootS, Andy's influence on the scene and dropping the upfront cuts that he gets before anyone else. Dubs will be spun and Andy C will show us all exactly why he is the most celebrated drum and bass DJ of all time.
♫♫ 192 kbit SAT MP3, recorded with the best sound card out there "RME HDSPe MADI FX" ♫♫
At one time or another, we've all been around worried family or friends. Sometimes it's awkward and uncomfortable. We don't know what to say, so we say something fast and easy, like “everything's going to be okay,” “you'll be fine,” or even worse, “stop worrying.” It's as if we think we can change behavior with a smile and a few words of encouragement.
But, face it…words mean nothing. Not when you're the one without a job and no way to pay the mortgage. Not when you're the one who is on their third round of chemotherapy. Or it's your kid who won't get out of bed because he's being bullied at school.
Don't worry? Tell that to the single parent struggling to raise five children. We don't need words. We need an action plan.
It's no secret we live in a fragile world. Sometimes, it seems as if we're just one terrorist cell away from disaster, one bank crisis away from economic collapse, one missing gene away from Alzheimers. In a matter of seconds, tornado's rip streets apart and earthquakes destroy entire cities. One minute you're healthy and the next you have breast cancer.
Yes, life changes and surprises. It also breaks hearts and challenges. And, if we let it, it can leave us anxious and in a constant state of worry. And if this sounds like a half-empty glass of water I'm pouring, nothing could be further from the truth. I still believe we have a choice…a choice that has the power to transform our lives.
We can throw sheets over our heads and let worry destroy us, or we can find a way to flip worry on its head and turn it into a philosophy that allows us to begin enjoying the lives we were meant to live.
Here are 6 ways to embrace the Art of a Worry-Free Life:
Step 1: Accept That Worry Doesn't Help
“I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened.” – Mark Twain
I wouldn't object to worrying if it was more practical in improving our lives. But, the fact is, worrying won't pay the rent or stop an aneurism from exploding in our brain. And I've never seen a hurricane that could be stopped by a few hours of nail biting.
Worrying does nothing to help us deal with what we're anxious about. It doesn't make us more creative, smarter, engaging, or productive. Go ahead, worry 24 hours a day, 52 weeks a year…and see for yourself if one second of that worrying does anything to make your life better. And while seeing through this illusion of worry won't immediately put you into a Zen-like state of bliss, it will hopefully give you more energy, while freeing up your mind long enough to see practical solutions to your problems. It will hopefully lead you to action.
Step 2: Stay In The Moment
“Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.” – Author Unknown
The problem with worry is that it exists almost entirely in the past and the future.
We spend so much time and energy worrying about what has already happened, or what we think might happen in the future, that we have no time for today. This not only keeps our worries spinning alive, but weakens us, kills our spirit, and robs us of joy.
Staying in the moment —living in the now— is at the heart of any worry free program. Volumes have been written on the subject and, to be honest, you could spend a lifetime mastering it. Here is what you can do right now to get started:
Engage in activities that keep you in the moment. Deep breathing exercises work, as will yoga, meditation, gardening, reading, running, swimming; a walk in the woods, a bike ride at the beach. Nature helps, so does humor, volunteering, and doing virtually anything you're passionate about.
Surround yourself with people who live in present moment awareness. Children are good for this, so are older people, outdoor types, athletes and creatives. With a little effort, you'll find your own role models. Spend enough time with them and it'll rub off. Note to your new self: At first these people might get on your nerves. That's your worried, uncomfortable self cringing at the idea of letting go. Stay with it.
Catch yourself living in the past or the future as often as you can. Notice regret as it pops up, or guilt, or longing. Recognize when you start thinking about what might or might not happen tomorrow. Catch all these “past and future” moments, then bring yourself back to the moment you're living in.
Step 3: Stop Looking For Bad Things To Worry About
“He that seeks trouble always finds it.” – English Proverb
Turn off the news, switch off talk radio, stop reading newspapers, and avoid all conversations with people who only want to talk about how screwed up the world is. You know who they are.
The more you think, talk, or obsess about something, the faster you'll bring more of it into your life. After all, it's hard enough to stop worrying about your own problems, let alone have to take on those of the world. Don't pile on more.
Step 4: Start Looking For Good Things to Be Happy About
“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not,
but rejoices for those which he has.” – Epictetus
It's a law of the universe that two objects can't occupy the same place at the same time. This applies to our thoughts as well. It's not enough to want to rid ourselves of worried thoughts, we need to replace those worries with something positive to think about. In other words, stop focusing on the approaching hurricane and start thinking about the family you're huddled around with in the basement.
Worry isn't going to go away easily. We have to fight it with everything we have. And what we have been our children, our spouses and loved ones, sunsets and stars, oceans and mountains; our beating hearts and strong minds; our endless capacity to love, laugh and find joy. It's called gratitude…and it works.
Step 5: Be Prepared, Then Let Go
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go.” – Herman Hesse
Living a worry-free life doesn't mean we should pretend our world isn't filled with challenges. We need to be ready for what comes. And nothing combats worry more than action.
So, wear sunscreen, pay off credit cards, eat more greens, learn fractions, and when that hurricane approaches, board up the windows, stock up on supplies and head to the basement. What we can't do is tell the hurricane to make a u-turn when it comes to our street. That's the point we need to let go. It's called surrender, trust, or the simple knowing that there is something larger than ourselves and the problems we face. All of which leads to our 6th and most important step.
Step 6: Use Worry To Find Meaning In Life
“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.” – Khalil Gibran
While the previous five steps will take us far in alleviating worry, to achieve lasting relief, we need a shift in perception. We need to re-interpret our worries in light of what they have to teach us. Granted, not everyone will want to do this.
It isn't easy asking someone to look beyond his or her struggles in search of a greater truth. It's like asking someone to see the rainbow when they're stuck in the middle of a storm —easy advice to give, not so easy to take.
Yet, it is the exact step that will bring us peace.
The key is to cultivate this spirit of living before the storm hits. It's no secret that we all have our stories, our own scars. You have yours. I have mine. They may take different shapes, or arrive at different times in our lives, but nobody is immune from pain, sorrow and challenge. It is only how we write the endings to our stories that are different — how we will each work through, and then learn from our experiences.
And, of course, the best stories —the ones we all remember— are the ones where we come out of a crisis as a different person. The stories where we not only endure, but emerge stronger, happier, and wiser.
It is the hero's journey. Your journey…and mine.
It is a journey where worry evolves into action, insight, then reinvention; where worry transforms into hope and promise. But, this journey takes choice. A decision has to be made.
What will we do with worry as it creeps into our lives each day? Will we cry foul, play victim, and point fingers? Will we give in and let worry continue to rule our lives? Or will we take action and engage life? Will we reject negativity, seek stillness and embrace gratitude, searching out people who will nourish and make us stronger? Will we choose to meet our worries head on, with the knowingness that our challenges, however difficult they may be, contain the seeds to bring more purpose and meaning into our lives than we could have ever imagined?
Make the right choice —the heroic choice.
Written on 7/05/2012 by Bill Apablasa. Bill Apablasa is a writer, social experimenter, nomadic homebody and creator of http://www.theother999rooms.com, where he writes about reinventing your life…one room at a time. Photo Credit: Joe M500
There is no shortage of extremists ready to capitalise on the events in Syria to serve their own divisive agendas
In an article entitled, ‘Sectarian Hatred at the Heart of British Muslim community,' The Times recently highlighted issues of sectarianism that have been bubbling in the UK for some time. These issues have been crystallised after the Syrian conflict which brought matters to a head.
The Times article highlighted a graffiti incident against a Bradford-based Shia institution that had the words ‘Shia Kaffirs' sprayed across its entrance. TELL MAMA, the national anti-Muslim hate incident reporting project that I manage and founded, picked up this case within hours when a leading member of the British Muslim Shia community reported it into us.
The incident highlighted what many of us knew, that the Syrian conflict, combined with preachers in Muslim communities promoting anti-Shia rhetoric and a mixture of hatred towards Assad and his Shia backers (Hizbollah and Iran), were threatening to upset the fragile cohesion between both faith communities in the UK.
Whatever the driver for the Bradford incident, it was becoming patently obvious to us at TELL MAMA that there were some individuals in Yorkshire and the Midlands who were actively promoting anti-Shia rhetoric. In some instances these individuals have been quietly re-enforcing anti-Shia discussions fuelled by hatred towards Assad and the largely Shia-based military support network that is keeping his administration alive.
The first time I came across the Shia and Sunni fault-lines was in May 2013 whilst I was sitting in Edgware Road in central London. Prior to 2013, I had not seen much of a fissure between the communities, and there seemed to be an acceptance that they found common ground on issues such as Halal food preparation, countering anti-Muslim hatred, protecting places of worship etc.
However 2013 seemed to be a turning point for Sunni-Shia relations in the UK, as the Syrian war dragged on and Assad's brutal repression of the mainly Sunni population started to appear on YouTube videos. Such readily available content no doubt fuelled public discussions in areas like Edgware Road.
I remember endless conversations taking place in the busy restaurants on this famous road which pitted family against family and business against business in endless arguments about the future of Syria, and about the future of Shia communities in Syria, Iraq and the Gulf.
Most conversations ended in a bout of shisha smoking, raised eyebrows and pats on the back, though it was clear that, however tentatively, positions were being taken and support bases tested. The conflict was beginning to have an impact here in the UK.
Sadly, there were people waiting to take advantage of these emerging religious and political divides. Keen to use any situation as an opportunity to promote extremism, Anjem Choudary and his motley crew descended on Edgware Road in July 2013.
Loudspeaker in hand, surrounded by young hotheads chanting anti-Assad and anti-Shia slogans, a few individuals decided that a group of men walking down Edgware Road were Shia. The resulting brutal assault on one of these men lead to over 10 separate cuts and bruises as he was mauled to the ground and hit with placards which Choudary's group has previously used to demonstrate against the Egyptian Embassy in Mayfair.
A few days later, I met with the victim and he started to tell me his story. He was a Shia and he was married to a Sunni woman. His children would be influenced by both Islamic traditions and he lived his life on the basis that sectarianism was a cancer that had continued to damage Islam and Muslim communities.
He made clear to me that the attack on him was not something that he held against the Sunni community, and he saw the attack for what it was. He believed that extremist groups were using the war in Syria as a means of opening up Shia and Sunni fractures and this was one way in which Choudary and his group were trying to attract new followers.
The war in Syria has therefore acted as a catalyst for those seeking to create and build divisions within Muslim communities. These divisions have also been manipulated and used by extremist groups who believe that Shia communities are heretics who should be eradicated through force of arms.
Yet we must also acknowledge that there has always been a small section within Sunni communities who have always taken a theological position that Shia communities are non-believers. A handful of them have been active promoting this rhetoric in the UK since before the Syrian war.
Finally, some of the people that I meet in Muslim communities believe that there is no problem and that ‘outside forces' are at work trying to divide Muslim communities in the UK. The only forces that I see are extremists from within who seek to divide and who relish violence and confrontation.
Sadly, as long as the war in Syria continues, the risk to the UK will remain. The least that we can do is to counter and confront those who seek to sow the seeds of hatred within, to create the conflicts of tomorrow.
Fiyaz Mughal is the director of Faith Matters and the founder of Tell Mama, a project which records and measures anti-Muslim incidents
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
COLORADO SPRINGS — America, say hello to Vulcan, United Launch Alliance's new, reusable rocket.
Centennial-based ULA unveiled the Next Generation Launch System Monday at the 31st annual Space Symposium in Colorado Springs, the space industry's premier international conference.
ULA currently makes the Atlas and Delta rockets used to send the majority of U.S. missions into space. ULA CEO Tory Bruno vowed to cut the cost and time of launch in half when he took the company helm in August.
In order to do this, a new, evolved rocket is needed — especially with increased competition from Elon Musk's SpaceX, which also is exploring reusable rocket technology.
Vulcan is the answer, Bruno said.
Reusability is central to Vulcan, from fuel to the rocket's booster main engines.
The booster engines, which are the most expensive part of the rocket's first stage, will be reused. Once the booster detaches, it will — protected by an inflatable heat shield — head back to Earth to be snatched out of the air and recovered by a helicopter.
Yes, a helicopter.
“The inflatable aerodynamic shield will significantly decelerate the engine,” Bruno said.
A parachute will then slow the descent further, allowing the helicopter crew to deploy a large boom and pick it up out of the air.
Of course, this being aerospace, there's an acronym for this — it's called the Sensible, Modular, Autonomous Return Technology initiative, or SMART.
“We took a systems engineer's approach to what on the rocket was actually valuable,” Bruno said. “This will take up to 90 percent of the propulsion cost out of the booster.”
The rocket, which at first will have a single booster stage and a high-energy Centaur stage — currently used on the Atlas rocket — can hold either a 4- or 5- meter-diameter payload fairing, which is standard. It can be augmented by up to six solid rocket boosters, depending on configuration.
In its second iteration, Vulcan will eventually replace the Centaur second stage with new tech called Advanced Cryogenic Evolved Stage (ACES).
ACES has an ultra-lightweight balloon tank that holds three times the propellant, giving a 75 percent performance increase. It also has an advanced internal-combustion engine that will be a game changer, Bruno said.
This engine, which is being built with race car manufacturer Roush Automotive, will recycle waste propellants into electrical power. This gives it the capability of almost unlimited burns, which can greatly extend on-orbit operating time from days to weeks.
The engine is about the size of a lawn mower engine, said George Sowers, ULA's vice president of strategic architecture.
The goal is to get costs down to less than $100 million per launch from the $225 million spent today, Bruno said. This will be helped along by ULA's implementation of the new Blue Origin BE-4 engine, which will replace the Russian-made RD-180 engine, banned for use in the U.S. after 2019. Blue Origin is owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos.
Vulcan will sit atop two BE-4 engines, boosting the power to 1.1 million pounds of thrust — a big jump over the RD-180's 930,000 pounds of thrust.
Vulcan will be implemented in stages, with SMART prior to ACES — a decision propelled by the urgency caused by the RD-180's exit, Bruno said.
Bruno, in a February interview with The Denver Post, said the Vulcan will be able to adapt to needs of any future space mission, whether that's outer planetary exploration, low-Earth orbit science missions, military satellite launches, or eventually ferrying workers to space and back on a daily basis.
“We decided the span of requirements to go to space is going to be even broader than it is today,” Bruno said in that interview. “We've designed NGLS to do everything we do today, plus more.”
ULA, formed in 2006 as a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp. and Boeing Co., has about 3,400 employees, with about 1,500 in Colorado. Delta and Atlas program employees — the majority of them in the company's Centennial headquarters — are currently shifting onto the Vulcan team.
The Delta will stop production in 2018, and Bruno expects the last flight to be in 2019. However, he said he has promised to keep the Delta IV heavy rocket available until the U.S. Air Force is “able to gracefully transition to the Vulcan rocket.”
Bruno expects that transition to be complete by 2023 or 2024.
The new rocket technology will be paid for from company profits, Bruno said, and ULA will continue to launch from Cape Canaveral, Fla. and Vandenberg Air Force Base in Calif.
ULA held a contest to name the new rocket, which was first announced in The Denver Post. The initial three names were Eagle, Freedom and GalaxyOne. Due to fan input, the additional names Zeus and Vulcan were added.
“As the company currently responsible for more than 70 percent of the nation's space launches, it is only fitting that America got to name the country's rocket of the future,” Bruno said.
More than 1 million votes were cast in the naming poll, with Vulcan getting about two-thirds of the votes, Bruno said.
Bruno also teased an upcoming program called “Fast Buy, Ready Launch,” which will likely position ULA as a one-stop shop for launch services, giving customers a standard product offering at a fixed price with a menu of add-on modules.
Laura Keeney: 303-954-1337, lkeeney@denverpost.com or twitter.com/LauraKeeney
For quite a while, I was an off-site guy that couldn't justify the higher costs of a Disney hotel. That feeling changed last year when we stayed at Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge during MLK weekend. I still like the value and larger accommodations of staying off property, but there are definite benefits to staying on site. That trip was only four nights, so it made sense to fly to Orlando and use Disney's Magical Express. I fell hard for the Animal Kingdom Lodge, especially the lobby and atmosphere. When we decided to return to Disney World this year, the resort choice was easy. I booked six nights during my daughters' Spring Break in mid-March. We were driving down from Missouri this time and wanted a comfortable hotel after such a long journey.
Last year, I wrote an extensive review of the Animal Kingdom Lodge following our stay. Instead of just repeating my overall thoughts, I'll talk more about this specific experience in the review. We stayed longer and splurged on the savanna-view room, so there are significant differences this time. Even so, many of the core elements remain the same. The lobby is incredible, the restaurants are among the best, and the animals bring that added touch that you can't find at any other Disney resort.
For the most part, the resort worked out perfectly and delivered a great trip. We spent more time hanging out there and enjoyed the pool and other common areas. You don't feel like you're in the middle of the action at this resort, and that's a good thing. There are enough activities happening without even visiting the parks. We didn't spend a full day at the resort but also weren't hitting rope drop every morning. This resort works best when you have the time to enjoy it. The proximity to Disney's Animal Kingdom will also become more valuable with Pandora opening in May. Let's dive into the highlights (and a few challenges) from my trip!
The Arrival
It's hard to beat the first moments when you arrive on Disney World property. Whether you're heading to the parks or checking in to a resort, the anticipation is off the charts. Driving into the Animal Kingdom Lodge parking lot felt different after using Magical Express last year. The obvious reason is that we had a lot of stuff with us. We initially planned to just park the car and haul in our luggage, but it was a serious walk to the entrance. Instead, we pulled up and hoped we could grab a luggage cart or some assistance. We are not experts at the right way to approach a Disney resort by car. This led to one of the strangest experiences that I've ever had at Walt Disney World.
The cast member at the entrance offered to help but acted strangely. He barely spoke and didn't seem to listen. After helping us load the luggage on the cart, he said that another cast member would bring them to the room right away. This felt odd since we had already used online check-in to access our room. We also weren't leaving our bags with the bell services desk while we visited the parks. A few minutes after reaching our room, I received a call from the front desk that asked if our bags had arrived. When I said no, the cast member sounded confused and said thanks. After waiting another 15 minutes or so, I decided it was time to figure out the issue.
When I reached the bell services desk, the cast member there informed me that they'd lost my luggage. Somehow it had disappeared from the driveway to the front door, which was ludicrous. My anger probably scared the guy, who took me into the luggage room to look for the cart. It only took a few minutes to find it tucked in the corner. The initial cast member never checked in our bags and just left them there. It was a relief to have our bags yet didn't start our stay on a positive note. It showed a level of dysfunction that I'm not used to seeing from Disney. While nothing reached this level, I did notice a few other cracks in the magic at times during our trip.
Is a Savanna View Worth It?
During our previous stay, we booked a standard view room and actually saw quite a few animals from our window. Despite the higher cost, I decided that a savanna-view room was worth a shot this time. The only downside of last year's room was its distance from the lobby and The Mara. This time, I had a lot more options for requesting a room in a prime location. I used the excellent Room Request tool from Touring Plans and requested a north-facing room on the Zebra Trail and the 3rd floor. My goal was 3427, which is near the lobby but has a small buffer. We received 3423, which is just two doors away and an ideal spot right near the center of the resort.
We arrived late on a Saturday afternoon and observed a large number of animals outside the window. This set the bar too high for the rest of the trip, but there were still plenty of sightings during the week. We saw multiple giraffes, zebra, gazelles, kudu, and others right outside the window. Our balcony did face out to the public areas behind the lobby, which was mostly positive. It did get a bit noisy at times, but the distractions were minimal.
Disney charges quite a premium for its savanna-view rooms over the standard options. We saw plenty of animals, and I loved the better location for grabbing breakfast at The Mara. On the other hand, I'm not sure the extra money was worth it. There are quite a few public areas that offer excellent views, and you can only get so close to the animals. I understand the value that we received with the savanna room, but the large difference in price is hard to justify. I love the Animal Kingdom Lodge and enjoyed our stay immensely, but the upgrade was limited.
The Joys of the Mara
As a family with two young girls (8 and 4), we can't do many 12-hour days at the parks. We aren't an early-morning family, so rope drop isn't also likely. This means we're eating breakfast at the resort on most days. Thankfully, The Mara is tailor-made for this type of approach. We began each park day with me grabbing breakfast to-go while the girls started getting ready. The Mara is also a step way up from the typical food court. It's smaller and has more diverse choices for adults. It's easy to avoid spending too much by swapping out sides from the kids' meals.
Another benefit of The Mara was having a reliable place to grab dinner if we didn't eat at the parks. It's open late for dinner and even has a more limited menu for late-night guests. We grabbed desserts, beer and wine, and extra sides along with the dinners. I'll dive more into the specific dishes in a separate review of The Mara. In general, even the burgers and pizza are hardly standard Disney fare. It's also one of the few restaurants that felt like a value during our entire trip. I can't understate how important The Mara is to the Animal Kingdom Lodge's success.
The Uzima Springs Pool
The longer vacation gave us a chance to check out the massive Uzima Springs Pool, which did not disappoint. What makes it great for families is the large amount of space in the 11,000-square-foot area. Even with the Spring Break crowds, I never felt like other guests were on top of us. My daughters are still learning to swim, so the space helped a lot. The zero-entry side also was a plus with my younger daughter. Uzima Springs is one of the largest pools at Walt Disney World and includes a popular 67-foot water slide within the trees. The atmosphere is more exciting than the actual slide, but it's still a blast for kids.
Another positive of Uzima Springs is the area surrounding it, which include several hot tubs, a playground, and a flamingo habitat. If that isn't enough, there's also another savanna with a cool viewing spot. Movie screenings also happen on Saturdays by the pool; they were showing Moana during our visit. The only thing missing at Uzima Springs are more original play areas and a defined theme. There's still plenty to do there, including a daily schedule of activities. It just might pull this pool just below the top choices at Disney World resorts.
Visiting the Parks
Unlike our last trip, we had a car on site for reaching the parks. This was more convenient when traveling to the Animal Kingdom and the Studios, which are a short drive from the resort. It is more remote when traveling to Epcot and The Magic Kingdom, however. I might still suggest driving to Epcot, though it's more of a wash. A lot depends on where you end up parking. The preferred parking option has changed the situation for the worse. It's not really about Disney trying to make extra money for me. It's the ripple effect of those spots not being available that impacts other guests. We lucked out at the Animal Kingdom with a late morning arrival and parked in essentially the best possible standard parking row. Chances are lower now, though.
Buses are still the way to go with The Magic Kingdom because of the distance and all the steps needed to reach the gates. We drove there on our last day (rookie move!) but did have a pleasant experience using the ferry. Even so, it was definitely not quicker. The killer is the tram (or walk) to the TTA before you even reach the ferry or monorail. With security procedures now moved away from the gate for driving guests, I'd definitely suggest taking the bus if you can.
Exploring the Resort
Despite a few issues here and there, I'd stay at the Animal Kingdom Lodge again in a heartbeat. There are so many remarkable details in every corner of the resort. Even if you don't have a room with a view of a savanna, there's so much to recommend. There's also plenty of resort-specific merchandise at the Zawadi Marketplace. I've barely mentioned the other three restaurants (Boma, Jiko, and Sanaa), which all rank among the top Disney dining locations. We enjoyed breakfast at Boma during our final day, and it's quite a diverse buffet.
It's hard to describe the feeling of stepping into the lobby at Jambo House after a long day at the parks. The “welcome home” message truly applies here, and I can't get enough of the warm atmosphere. The background music adds so much to the ambience, and it rarely feels hectic. I'd love to stay at one of the villas in either Jambo House or Kidani Village, but it would take a serious discount to make that happen (Disney, you have my number). I'll close this review with more photos that barely do justice to the charms of this fine resort.
Related Articles
Counter Service Reviews: The Mara, Sunshine Seasons, Columbia Harbour House, and Pinnocchio Village Haus
Review: Breakfast at Boma at the Animal Kingdom Lodge
2016 Review: Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge
Stay updated on all the latest blogs and podcasts; join The Tomorrow Society today!
Almost a month has passed since Mitt Romney's defeat in the 2012 presidential election, but the finger pointing continues.
Some Republicans charge that Romney was a flawed candidate, while others insist the party's image was a drag on the ticket.
The White House / Getty Images Former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney shakes hands with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office November 29, 2012 in Washington, DC.
There's the argument that the Romney campaign was outmaneuvered by the Obama effort, versus the belief that the country's changing demographics ultimately doomed the former Massachusetts governor.
And then there's the opinion of Romney chief strategist Stuart Stevens, who suggested that Republicans shouldn't be pointing fingers at all.
But as the party begins looking ahead to the next presidential contest in 2016 and tries to learn from the lessons of November, the explanation for Romney's loss is perhaps much simpler: all of the above.
“You win and lose as a team,” Republican Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell, a potential 2016 presidential candidate, said in an interview on MSNBC last week. “We have to look at everything we do -- from logistics to turnout to technology to message to tone.”
The final result for the 2012 presidential election still isn't official, but the numbers keep flowing in day to day. The Daily Rundown's Chuck Todd takes a deeper look at what the votes all mean with the Cook Political Report's David Wasserman.
Indeed, top Republican strategists interviewed for this article attribute Romney's defeat to a combination of factors, including the candidate's inability to better define himself, the Republican Party's unpopularity, the country's changing demographics and a campaign whose tactics seemed stuck in the 20th century.
Blaming the messenger and the message
There's an adage in American politics: Don't allow your opponent to define you before you define yourself.
But that's exactly what happened to Romney and his campaign, especially when it came to his business background.
Through television advertisements, its surrogates, and conference calls with reporters, the Obama camp and its allies portrayed Romney as an out-of-touch multi-millionaire who made his fortune, in part, by taking over companies that later laid off employees or cut their benefits.
One of the chief examples: “Mitt Romney made over $100 million by shutting down our plant and devastated our lives,” a man said in a TV ad by the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities USA Action. “Turns out that when we built that stage [to announce the company moves], it was like building my own coffin, and it just made me sick.”
Yet Romney's campaign didn't mount much of a defense -- particularly on the TV airwaves -- beyond arguing that such attacks smeared free enterprise. In fact, just a fraction of the ads aired by the Romney campaign and its allies portrayed the GOP candidate in a positive light.
The President continues to push taxes increases for those making more than $250,000 as part of his plan to raise $1.6 trillion over the next 10 years, but he suggested those tax rates could eventually be lowered. NBC's Kristen Welker reports.
“They did very, very little to prevent or defensively rebut the image Democrats put out there of Romney as the guy who laughed all the way to the bank with the mega-millions he made buying up companies and laying you/your dad/your brother off,” said one Republican consultant who requested anonymity to speak more candidly.
“There were voters there who should have voted for the Republican, but were never going to get behind Romney because of this perception. And that was predictable from the primary stage of the campaign."
What's more, that perception of Romney was only reinforced by his infamous “47 percent” comment, the scrutiny over the release of his tax returns, and even his campaign's message, which seemed more targeted to entrepreneurs and business owners -- rather than teachers, firefighters or factory workers.
“We will champion small businesses, America's engine of job growth,” Romney said at the Republican convention in Tampa, Fla. “That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most.”
What was the eventual result?
While the Romney campaign's Stuart Stevens observes that exit polls showed the former Massachusetts governor winning a majority of voters from households earning $50,000 or more, Obama beat Romney by 10 points (53 percent to 43 percent) on the question of which candidate was more in touch with people like you.
In addition, 53 percent said Romney's policies would favor the rich (versus just 10 percent who said the same about Obama). And the Republican candidate's favorable/unfavorable score was 47 percent/50 percent (compared with Obama's positive 53 percent/46 percent).
“At the end of the day, messenger and message matters in American politics,” said a Republican strategist who also requested anonymity.
Party crashing
But it wasn't just Romney who was unpopular; so was his party.
In one of the final NBC News/Wall Street Journal polls before the election, just 36 percent of registered voters said they had a positive opinion about the Republican Party, versus 43 percent who held a negative view.
By comparison, the Democratic Party's favorable/unfavorable rating in that same late October NBC/WSJ poll was in positive territory, at 42 percent/40 percent.
In fact, the last time the GOP's favorable/unfavorable rating wasn't below water in the survey was back in Dec. 2010 – two years ago.
And during that time span, the party endured negative headlines involving its politicians and candidates. Consider:
The GOP presidential candidates engaged in about 20 debates, with them often trying to prove who was more conservative on social issues, immigration, taxes and foreign policy
In Feb. 2012, Virginia's GOP-controlled General Assembly passed legislation requiring transvaginal ultrasounds for those wanting an abortion in the state.
In August, Missouri Senate nominee Todd Akin explained his opposition to abortion in cases of rape, saying that pregnancies are rare. “If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down.”
And in October, about two weeks before Election Day, Indiana Senate nominee Richard Mourdock said this while justifying his opposition to abortion, even in the case of rape: “I think even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen." Both Akin and Mourdock lost their Senate contests.
What's more, problems with the Republican Party's brand go beyond what took place in the last two years. According to the exit polls from last month's election, 53 percent of voters blamed George W. Bush more for the country's current economic problems. Just 38 percent blamed Obama.
Then there's the GOP's problem with Latino voters. While Romney's poor performance with that demographic has received plenty of attention -- he won just 27 percent of these voters -- the party as a whole isn't faring much better.
In an October NBC/WSJ/Telemundo survey of Latino voters, only 22 percent held a positive view of the GOP (compared with 63 percent who did for the Democratic Party).
And by a 65 percent to 23 percent margin, Latino voters in that same poll said they preferred a Democratic-held Congress to a Republican-held one.
"The party has got to learn from this,” said GOP strategist Liz Mair. “We've now had two successive presidential elections and two midterms where the party's stance on issues that are important to Hispanics has hurt us in key areas."
And the GOP finds itself trailing on key issues – some of which are pillars of today's Republican Party.
According to the exit polls from the election, a combined 59 percent of voters said that abortion should be legal in all or most cases.
Sixty percent said that taxes should be increased either for all or for income above $250,000.
The good news for the GOP on the issues: A plurality of voters favored repealing some or all of the 2010 health care law, and a majority said the government is doing too many things that are better left to businesses and individuals.
Demography is destiny
Despite his inability to better define himself and despite his party's unpopularity, Romney won white voters by a whopping 20 points, 59 percent to 39 percent -- higher than any presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan in 1984.
As Republican pollster Glen Bolger points out, Romney also won white women (by 14 points points) and independents (by 5 points), better than a victorious George W. Bush did in 2004.
But Romney still lost in last month's election – and by a more decisive margin than Democrat John Kerry did in that '04 election.
The reason for this: the country's demographics have changed.
As the Obama campaign had long assumed, the white portion of the electorate this year dropped to 72 percent -- from 74 percent in 2008 and 77 percent in 2004 -- and the president won fewer than four in 10 of those voters.
Yet he carried a whopping 93 percent of black voters (representing 13 percent of the electorate), 71 percent of Latinos (representing 10 percent), and 73 percent of Asians (3 percent).
What's more, despite all the predictions that youth turnout would be down, voters ages 18-29 made up 19 percent of the voting population -- up from 18 percent four years ago -- and Obama took 60 percent from that group.
“So, if you win the swing groups but lose the election, that means the Democrats have a clear home field advantage,” Bolger writes. “There are more Democrats.”
“That underscores that we have to do better as a party with Hispanics … It's simple math, but it's hard to do. We have to start today.”
Romney even acknowledged that reality at a closed-door fundraiser in April overheard by NBC News. "We have to get Hispanic voters to vote for our party," he said, warning back then that polling showing Latinos breaking in huge percentages for Obama "spells doom for us."
‘A late 20th century campaign'
The GOP also has to start today regaining a tactical advantage in presidential campaigns, Republicans say.
Whether it was its advertising, its polling or its get-out-the-vote effort, the Romney campaign paled in comparison to the Obama juggernaut.
"The Republicans basically ran a late 20th century campaign," said one advertising expert.
A case in point was ad buying. Even though the Romney campaign and GOP outside groups outspent the Obama camp and its allies in ad dollars, the Obama campaign still was able to run more advertising spots.
That was possible in part because the Obama camp bought its ads in advance -- often at a discount rate -- while the Romney effort was buying them the week before and not getting the discount.
For instance, in the last week of the election, a single advertising spot on the 5:00 p.m. local news in Raleigh, N.C., cost the Obama campaign $550 (because it was purchased in advance), while a spot on the same program cost the Romney camp $2,665 (because it was bought the week of).
So the Romney campaign here paid four times as much for the same programming slot, a practice which in the long run negated any kind of financial advantage it enjoyed.
Another example was the placement of those TV ads. One of the contributing factors why Romney lost big among Latino voters was that the Obama campaign outspent the Romney camp on Spanish-language TV by nearly 2-to-1 (and the margin was even greater during the summer).
And finally, there's the reality that the Obama campaign's ground game was more sophisticated than the one from the Republican Party.
“Future discussions about voter contact need to fit the times,” said Republican political consultant Phil Musser, who worked on Romney's 2008 presidential campaign and Tim Pawlenty's 2012 primary effort.
“Traditional door knocks and robo-calls are important, but are not what major donors want to hear about,” he added, referring to constant GOP references about the number of doors volunteers had knocked during the campaign. “They want to hear that our strategies reflect the more comprehensive, bottom-up, digital approach that the Obama campaign clearly excelled at.”
Of course, one of the big reasons for the Obama campaign's tactical advantage was its head start -- incumbents (especially those who don't face a primary challenge) simply have more time to prepare for the general election.
"Having four years to plan for an election is incredibly beneficial," said a Republican strategist who worked on the Romney campaign.
I'm a huge, loving fan of social media. I get to share useful information with my friends and family, look-up on interesting articles and facts and watch funny videos. It's a great tool, if you know how to use it and not abuse it. But this on-going trend of letting the world know how much of a "badass" you are is getting old and, quite frankly, is annoying the shit out of me.
While Iowa and Illinois were butting heads on the football field over the weekend, Samantha Lynn Goudie, a 22 year-old girl, had the brilliant idea to run across the field. Her sprint got cut short when authorities stopped her from going any further. Popping the breathalyzer at .341, her biggest concern wasn't about the amount of trouble she might go through, but tweeting "just went to jail #yolo" was more important. She later tweets on how she'll get .341 tattooed on her because "It's so epic".
What "grinds my gears", as Peter Griffin might say, are the excuses that accompany the ruthless behavior. After getting many hate tweets, her best response to her actions? "I've gotten so many hate tweets because I was drunk...uh I get good grades sorry for being like every other college student". The difference between book smart and using common sense have a big gap, sweetie, but some see it as a blurred line.
Convincing yourself and others that being a tard is cool needs to stop.
This updated look at the state of skills and post-secondary education (PSE) compares Canada's performance with 15 member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) that are comparable to Canada in economic and social status. The report measures education performance metrics across inputs, outputs, and outcomes. Input indicators speak to resourcing and participation in the PSE system; outputs are education-specific metrics, such as educational attainment, that are directly ascribed to the PSE system; and outcomes are broader socio-economic indicators like employment. As a common nomenclature to describe and compare systems, we use UNESCO's International Standard Classification of Education (ISCED) definition of post-secondary education levels 5 to 8. Most of the data come from the OECD. The report concludes with six recommendations for Canada's PSE system that would help make the system more competitive, efficient, and effective.
This report was prepared with financial support from The Conference Board of Canada's Centre for Skills and Post-Secondary Education.
Page 1 of 6
Every time that I think they have done everything to a mouse, someone surprises me with something completely different or off the wall. Last year when we took a tour of Thermaltake's US offices, they hinted that we would see a new exciting mouse that was a collaboration with BMW DesignworksUSA, much like the Level 10 case. A little over a year later, here I am finally getting a chance to take a look at that mouse, the Thermaltake Level 10 M. Being nothing like other mice that we have taken a look at, I'm not sure what to expect from the Level 10 M or its Avago ADNS-9800 sensor.
Product Name: Thermaltake Level 10 Mouse
Review Sample Provided by: Thermaltake
Written by: Wes
Pictures by: Wes
Specifications
Color Diamond Black
Iron White
Military Green
Blazing Red DPI 8200 Sensor Type Laser No. of Buttons 7 No. of Macro Keys 11 No. of Game Profiles 5 Lighting Effect Yes Pause-Break Effect Yes Color Options 7 USB cable length 1.8m Weight-In Design No Graphical UI Yes Industrial Rubber-Coating Yes Weight 185g Gold-Platted USB Yes Dimension 147 x 67.5 x 38.8 mm
The incident came to light on Saturday morning when passers-by saw the body on the shore.
A girl was crushed to death by her lover using a stone at Poompuhar in Nagapattinam district on April 21. The accused Madhanraj, a fisherman from Naagai district, surrendered before the Mayiladuthurai police and confessed to the murder.
Madhanraj was working in the fishing industry in Jegathapattinam. He was in love with Durga (victim), who resided in the same locality.
According to police, the girl had recently moved to Gummidipoondi is Thiruvallur district for higher studies after which, she started avoiding Madhanraj.
Clueless about Durga's change in behaviour, Madhanraj started stalking her activities on Facebook. He found out that Durga made many new friends, with whom she constantly had conversations over Facebook. He was then under the impression that Durga was avoiding her due to her new found friends.
Disappointed with the information he had gathered, Madhanraj decided to meet Durga and discuss about the matter. When she was returning home for holidays on Friday, Durga asked Madhanraj to meet her near Mayiladuthurai. He picked her up from there and both left for Poompuhar shore.
As they were speaking, an argument broke out about how she has time to chat with so many Facebook friends but has no time for Madhanraj. In a fit of rage, Madhanraj picked up a stone and smashed Durga's head with it. She died on the spot but the incident came to light on Saturday morning when passers-by saw the body on the shore and informed the police.
ALSO READ | Madhya Pradesh: Woman bobbitises lover after he plans to marry someone else
ALSO READ | Jilted lover sets girl ablaze in Delhi's Mukundpur area
BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Brazilian Supreme Court justice called on Friday for the legalization of marijuana and even cocaine to undo the growing power of drug gangs behind a wave of violence that has shaken Latin America's largest country.
A man shows a bag with marijuana, marked C.V. for Comando Vermelho (Red Commando), inside a favela in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil June 24, 2016. Picture taken June 24, 2016. REUTERS/Nacho Doce
Justice Roberto Barroso, a Yale graduate and constitutional law professor, said 50 years of war against drugs had failed miserably, clogging jails with small-time dealers and fueling a violent gang battle for control of the lucrative trade.
“Unlike the United States and Europe where the problem lies in the impact drugs have on consumers, in Brazil the problem lies in the power drug traffickers have over poor communities,” Barroso told Reuters in the court's modern glass building in Brasilia.
“I can assure you it is only a matter of time. Either we legalize marijuana now or we do it in the future after we have spent billions and incarcerated thousands.”
The rare appeal from a top judge in the deeply conservative country reflects rising fears about the violence plaguing Brazil's overcrowded prisons and city slums.
A New Year's day prison massacre in the jungle city of Manaus in which inmates from one drug gang decapitated dozens of rivals sparked jail riots across the country.
This week, a strike by police in Brazil's southeastern state of Espirito Santo unleashed a crime frenzy that killed more than 120 people - many of them linked to criminal gangs, according to police unions.
Regulating the production, sale and consumption of marijuana - as in Brazil's smaller neighbor Uruguay - could be first step in curbing crime in one of the world's most dangerous countries, Barroso said.
“If that works we can easily move to legalize cocaine,” said Barroso, who as a lawyer pushed to legalize stem cell research and gay rights. “If you want to break the power of traffickers you need to consider legalizing cocaine.”
In 2013, Uruguay become the first country in the world to legalize marijuana. Few countries have decriminalized the possession of cocaine, with experts divided over the practicality of legalizing one of the most addictive illegal drugs.
DIVIDED COUNTRY
While many Latin American peers have decriminalized possession of marijuana for consumption, Brazil remains divided.
Barroso is one of three judges on the 11-member Supreme Court who recently voted in favor of decriminalizing marijuana in a case that he hopes could eventually pave the way for legalization.
A rising number of Brazil's conservative and evangelical politicians are vowing a tougher stance on drugs, however.
Drug use has skyrocketed in Brazil, the second-biggest consumer of cocaine after the United States, according to the United Nations.
Since the approval in 2006 of a law that gives judges discretion to determine who is a drug consumer and who is a dealer, the prison population has surged 55 percent. With more than 622,000 inmates, it is the fourth largest in the world.
One in every four male inmates was convicted for drug trafficking, by far the most common conviction, according to justice ministry data.
“I'm not sure if my proposal for legalization will work, but I'm sure that the war on drugs has not,” Barroso said. “We cannot just keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again.”
About
Our target is to create a unique/simple way to make furniture objects in a 3D environment.
What is Virtual 3D Furniture Creator?
A tool that will run on Windows platforms and used for creating furniture, and also get a 2D plan with all the materials that is needed to build the desired furniture in real life.
For who is this software?
This software is addressed to anyone that wants to make a furniture plan: cabinets, bookcases, buffets, etc..
Also, this can be used in small companies that create furniture.
The idea behind it
It's almost 10 years since I implemented this kind of software, and then in 2007 I uploaded a demo on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaHQrbAt4J4 (about 130.000 views). From there I received a lot of emails that asked me about the software. Also there was a lot of positive/ negative feedback that now helps. The technology used to make that software is deprecated, and now, new software tools and features appeared. That software will be used as a working prototype for this project.
Open-source
Open-source refers to the possibility of the application to share furniture objects. Users can upload objects to an on-line library that anyone else will have access.
Development
The main tools to make this happen will be Visual Studio and libraries: WPF, Direct3D, Actipro controls.
Project plan
The implementation will take about 6 months with 3 experienced developers.
Timeline - click to enlarge
First version
First version will have the same functionality as presented in the video.(create furniture objects in a 3D environment with no custom angle between elements, only 90 degrees accepted). New features: on-line library to share objects, 3D animations, configurable environment, undo/redo.
Future versions
A lot of new features, export objects to other 3D programs formats, and features that remain to discuss with you about it...
Who are we?
We are a group of passionate developers with experience that wants to participate in this project.
Sorin Albu - software engineer from 2003, working with tens of projects since now. Passionate about creating software, worked on 3D software tools, SketchUp-Archicad plug in, small games, automotive software industry, mobile software, multimedia software, websites, web services, digital printing tools. In this project the main responsibilities will be: create data models, 3D environment, 3D math functions, generate 2D plans, create main functionality.
Adrian Cristea - network engineer, working in the software industry since 2003. He is a talented engineer that is responsible with product website and product web services, and also coordinate the product.
Florin Bobis - a passionate programmer that will implement the user interface for this application, he is very careful with the visual aspect of every project. He has 7 years of experience in the software industry, in projects of multimedia design, home automation, websites, file management, security.
Why do we need money?
This software requires a lot of effort to make of course, but we will use money to buy licenses for software tools, to create a site for this tool and also to create a service for sharing objects. We also accept donations:
Donate
Why choose this tool?
Because it is easy to use and people need simplicity.
The stage and pole at Nite Moves Gentleman's Club Tuesday afternoon, Oct. 15, 2013, in Latham, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) The stage and pole at Nite Moves Gentleman's Club Tuesday afternoon, Oct. 15, 2013, in Latham, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Strip club case won't be visiting Supreme Court 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
The U.S. Supreme Court has declined to hear the case of whether dancing in strip clubs is art.
The decision represents a significant setback to Steven Dick Jr., owner of Nite Moves, a nude club on Route 9 in Latham that pushed for the arguments.
"I hate it!" W. Andrew McCullough, the attorney for Dick's club and a longtime adult industry lawyer, told the Times Union in a phone interview Tuesday, several hours after the high court declined to hear the case.
"We did our very, very best," said McCullough, an Albany native now living in Utah, where he is running for attorney general. "But getting the attention of the Supreme Court in a situation like that is just (difficult)."
The state Division of Taxation, following an audit in 2005, said the admission charge and fees for private dances at Nite Moves should be subject to sales tax. The state assessed Nite Moves $124,921 in due taxes — plus interest — for the period from December 2002 through August 2005.
In turn, Dick's club argued that it was exempt under state tax law, which allows exceptions for "dramatic or musical arts performances" or "cabaret or similar place."
The Court of Appeals, the top court in New York, rejected the club last year but in a close 4-3 call. Associate Judge Robert Smith, who by his own admission is "stuffy," sided with the club.
During those arguments, McCullough told the judges he understood strip pole-dancing was under consideration to become an Olympic sport.
"If it's under consideration as an Olympic sport, these girls certainly — the ones that you would see on these videos — would be in standing to make the team," he said at the time. "They're that good!"
On Tuesday, McCullough said he hoped the Supreme Court would listen to his case.
"We knew when we did it the odds were against us because they just don't take very many cases," he said. "But on the other hand, the Court of Appeals in New York does not take many cases. We got them to hear it."
McCullough and Dick say they will not give up on convincing a court that stripping should be tax-free like other forms of dance. A new state sales tax audit is under way and McCullough promised he would build a "stronger and harder case that will be that much harder to dismiss" if Nite Moves goes back to court over the issue.
"The law has, we think, made it easier since this started," McCullough said. "We think with a little planning and a little work and some assistance, we can yet win the next round. We believe that."
Kentucky and West Virginia would be among the states the hardest hit by the Senate health care bill, according to a new analysis from the Urban Institute, a center-left think tank. The percentage of people in those states that lack health insurance would more than triple between now and 2022.
Nationally, the Urban Institute estimated, 24 million fewer people would have insurance in 2022 than would if Obamacare stayed in effect. And the uninsured rate would increase 78 percent, from 11.7 percent today to around 19.8 percent in 2022.
According to the institute's projections, every state would see an increase in the uninsured rate under the proposed Senate bill (known as the Better Care Reconciliation Act):
These numbers do not include the Cruz amendment, which would allow insurers to sell health plans that aren't currently allowed under Obamacare. Insurers would once again be able to refuse coverage to people for preexisting conditions and sell insurance that doesn't cover maternity care or hospitalization, among other practices that the 2009 health care law outlawed.
The revised BCRA doesn't offer much of a change from Senate Republicans' original bill, revealed in late June, which showed similarly widespread increases in the uninsured rate.
Jim Lo Scalzo/European Pressphoto Agency
TAMPA, Fla.–An army of fact-checkers swarmed around Paul Ryan's acceptance speech last night, and the verdict was swift and unanimous: lies, omissions, a sweeping rewrite of recent history. But there's one question no checker can answer: Why was it necessary to lie in the first place?
Mr. Ryan could have made a sharp critique of the Obama years without changing the underlying facts. That he chose not to do so suggest he isn't sure the facts are on his side.
Take the GM plant in his hometown of Janesville, which he suggested closed because of President Obama, when it really shut down in 2008, before he took office. More importantly, he failed to mention that the Obama administration's bailout of the auto industry saved most of the GM plants and hundreds of thousands of jobs.
If Mr. Ryan is opposed to a government bailout of private industry, as Mitt Romney was, why not stand up at the podium and forcefully make the case against it? The outlines of that argument are well-known – the bailout subsidizes the unions, it picks favorites, it distorts the free market, etc. Forget factual dishonesty; failing to even bring up the matter commits the deeper sin of intellectual dishonesty.
Related The G.O.P. Convention Dispatches and quick takes from Tampa.
The reason, of course, is that the bailout is broadly popular among blue-collar workers in many of the swing states the Republican ticket needs to win, including Mr. Ryan's home state of Wisconsin. Thus intellectual dishonesty is compounded by cowardice.
Mr. Ryan accused the president of creating a bipartisan debt commission and then ignoring its recommendations, failing to mention that he himself voted against the commission's report. So why not explain that vote? He could have won cheers from the convention crowd by explaining that the ticket, as well as Republican leaders, are against any deficit-reduction compromise that requires raising taxes on anyone, including the rich, as the Simpson-Bowles report suggested and, separately, President Obama has urged.
But that might alienate a broader national audience, which polls have consistently found favors higher taxes on the rich, and wants leaders to compromise. And so it was left out.
The worst omission of all is that Mr. Ryan didn't defend the Medicare restructuring proposal for which he is best known, which has also been embraced by Mr. Romney. Does Mr. Ryan still believe that Medicare should be turned into a voucher system? He hasn't said otherwise, yet in the biggest speech of his life, the one the world was watching, he said nothing about what he wants to do. (Unless you count the vague assurance that he would “protect and strengthen” the program). Instead he accused Mr. Obama of taking money from Medicare, while neglecting to mention that he proposed the same cuts in his own budget, or that his voucher plan would reduce the program's scope.
With a few tweaks and a little more courage, Mr. Ryan could have made a speech that wouldn't set off truth-meters and might have explained the foundations of the party's thinking. The only conclusion to draw is that he really doesn't want the public to know what he's thinking.
I just stopped going to my therapist because I thought I was doing really well.
But now shit has hit the fan and I'm not sure what to do. Let me tell you a long winded story of my partner's memorial.
When Riley died, his Sister Sarah wanted to do something special. So she organised a memorial for him to be out where he died. His mother on the other hand wanted nothing to do with it. Sarah asked her many times if she wanted to help but each time she did not.
So with a small bit of help from me, Sarah sorted it. She got favours from her friends, her partner did all the building side of it etc. All up it ended up being a lot cheaper because of people helping their friends. Oamaru can be good like that. We put the memorial in place with the permission of the NZTA and the Oamaru district council.
A year later ‘someone' complains about the area and makes a note of the memorial. The NZTA looks into it and realises it's not what they thought it was (due to a contractor in Oamaru fucking up) and now it needs to move.
After public out lash they agreed it could stay only to have them change their minds two days later and suddenly it needs to be moved again.
The meetings go on, on where it should be moved to. Riley's mum wants to put it in her back yard which is meet with both myself and Sarah not agreeing to it. (We would never be allowed to visit it)
Then the NZTA give us a couple of options about where it could go. Riley's Mum wants to put it in Palmerston. Sarah and I want it in Oamaru.
Recently I found out that I am no longer allowed to be a part of the decision making process because it's a family issue. And only being his girlfriend for 2 and a half years isn't good enough apparently. But the NZTA man assures me it won't be moved without people getting along and deciding together so luckily Sarah will listen to my input.
Unfortunately if Sarah and her mum don't agree on a place it will go to the next of Kin. Riley's mum. Who didn't want it in the first place. Sarah who did all that work will be left with nothing.
But if it's moved to Palmerston I won't be able to see it. I don't have a licence and the only time I travel that way is to go up to Oamaru. I doubt the bus would let me have an hour break to visit him and cry.
So now I'm not really sure what I should/can do. Sarah and Riley's mum has to make the decision due to the shitty law not recognising me as his partner. And if Riley's mum wants to keep it, all she has to do is just not agree with anywhere Sarah suggests.
If Riley's mum gets her way on either options that she wants I will either never or hardly ever get to see him again.
Feeling very small and very angry. I want to run away. I want to leave this silly little town behind. Find a big city where nobody knows me or what has happened to me. I feel like I'm suffocating. Being a widow is hard. Being a widow who is plagued with widow like things a year and a half later is so incredibly hard and also so unfair.
All I keep thinking is “When do I get to live my life again?”
Advertisements
Gandhi said that girl students and women are also being roped in to stop domestic violence.
Union Minister Maneka Gandhi on Friday said the government is planning to reward schoolboys who behave well with girls.
Addressing a programme at Manav Rachna University in Surajkund in Faridabad, Women and Child Development minister said the government is formulating a plan where schoolboys will be rewarded if they behave well with girls.
The minister also said that a plan is being worked out to include an alarm button on mobile phones which will be help women to seek assistance from police in emergency situations.
Gandhi said that girl students and women are being roped in to stop domestic violence.
The university has been organising a range of activities like self-defence techniques and awareness programmes for women which will end on the International Women's Day on March 8.
Contrary to assumptions that disadvantaged neighborhoods trap children in failing schools, a Johns Hopkins University sociologist has found that as a neighborhood's income decreases, its range of educational experiences greatly expands.
Julia Burdick-Will found it was actually children in affluent neighborhoods who stayed close to home for school. In lower-income neighborhoods, kids in search of better options dispersed to dozens of other schools, often commuting alone for miles.
In Chicago neighborhoods with a median household income of more than $75,000, most students attended one of two or three schools. But when the neighborhood median income dropped to less than $25,000, students dispersed to an average of 13 different schools.
"We clearly show that the belief that where one lives determines where one goes to school isn't the reality in Chicago or in an increasing number of U.S. cities," Burdick-Will said. "You have kids scattering everywhere."
Burdick-Will, an assistant professor in JHU's Krieger School of Arts and Sciences and the School of Education, presented her findings at the recent American Sociological Association annual meeting. The conclusions have implications for inequality and social mobility, particularly as nontraditional school choice options like charter schools and open enrollment continue to increase nationwide.
"We think of children in poor neighborhoods as 'stuck.' But they're not stuck in one geographic place," she said. "They're stuck navigating a complicated and far-flung school system."
Burdick-Will examined administrative records for more than 24,000 Chicago Public Schools eighth-graders entering high school in the fall of 2009. The freshmen attended 122 high schools, including standard neighborhood schools that admit students from outside the neighborhood when they are underenrolled, open enrollment schools, charter schools, and magnet schools.
While just over half the students attended a neighborhood school, one-third of them weren't attending their neighborhood school.
Essentially no one in higher-income neighborhoods attended open enrollment schools or charter schools, but in disadvantaged areas, more than 20 percent of students attended open enrollment schools and another 7 percent chose charter schools.
And the low-income students endured the longest commutes to school.
In affluent neighborhoods, almost no one traveled 4 miles to school; the average commute was about 1.7 miles. But in disadvantaged neighborhoods, the average commute for children was 2.7 miles, with 25 percent of the kids traveling more than 4 miles. Ten percent of the low-income kids traveled more than 6 miles.
Burdick-Will found that a student in a disadvantaged neighborhood was also 35 percent more likely to be the only person from their neighborhood at school.
In low-income neighborhoods the problem isn't just access, Burdick-Will said, but the potential social costs of traveling far across the city every day, possibly alone—costs that don't apply to similarly achieving students in higher income neighborhoods.
"We think of choice as a thing of privilege," she said. "But what we see is that there is a privilege of not having to choose."
Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post – Native Americans protest the Washington football franchise's name in front of Lambeau Field before the Packers and Redskins played on Sept. 15.
When the Washington Redskins play in the University of Minnesota's stadium on Nov. 2, will use of the team's name violate a contract the school has with the Minnesota Vikings?
A U.S. congresswoman insists that it will – and a pair of U-Minn. law professors say she could be right.
The university's general counsel, however, disagreed.
Much of what's now driving this discussion is pressure from Minnesota Native American leaders, student organizations and other activists who are organizing what they hope will be the biggest-ever protest of the team's name at next month's game.
The debate began in June, when U.S. Rep. Betty McCollum wrote a letter to Vikings owner Zygi Wilf about his team's game against the Redskins.
With the Vikings' new stadium still under construction, the team is paying the University of Minnesota $300,000 a game to use its facility. McCollum (D-Minn.) argued to Wilf that use of the Redskins' team name would violate a university policy that requires the school to provide an environment “free from racism … and other forms of prejudice, intolerance, or harassment.”
In August, university president Eric W. Kaler – who was copied on the letter – responded to McCollum, saying that while he agreed with her belief that the name should be changed, U-Minn.'s facility-use agreement does not allow the school “specific authority over NFL team behaviors or the Minnesota Vikings schedule.”
Since then, another aspect of the agreement has drawn attention. Under “Advertising and Sponsorship Restrictions,” the contract states: “The Vikings shall not take any action or use any language in its use of the Facilities that might reasonably be expected to offend contemporary community standards, such as use of . . . language that might denigrate any class or group of people.”
The law professors – both of whom have an expertise in contracts – had differing opinions on McCollum's argument about the university policy, but on the second point, they agreed.
“Assuming the majority view is that this is a denigrating name, it seems to be in clear violation of that particular provision of the contract,” said Professor Brian Bix.
His colleague, Professor Carol Chomsky, also said a “decent argument” could be made the contract would be breached if the name is used.
“The clause reads very expansively because it refers to language that ‘might' (not ‘would') reasonably be expected to offend, and language that ‘might' denigrate any class or group of people,” Chomsky said in an e-mail. “And ‘contemporary community standards' doesn't necessarily require that there be general agreement about whether such language is offensive; it may be enough if a significant segment of the community would find the use offensive, given the strength of the objections to use of that material (including objections by the President of the University).”
Bill Donohue, the university's general counsel, disagreed, saying that dictating NFL nicknames was well outside the agreement's intent.
“For us to somehow assert that the Washington team can't use its nickname feels like it might have a problem with the First Amendment,” Donohue said.
He noted that the university frequently leases its facilities to bands and political candidates, and school officials don't regulate what's said in those venues either.
Donohue dismissed McCollum's argument about the university policy, calling it “a misreading of the contract and an application of the contract that is not warranted.”
But to the second point, he conceded: “That's the better argument. I can tell you that.”
Still, he maintained that the school has no recourse.
“I'd go back to the notion,” he said, “that the contract was not intended to control the nicknames of NFL teams.”
While Bix said the university could use the potential breach as leverage to influence the Vikings' behavior, he doubted that such a violation would lead to anything more than money damages.
“It's not nothing,” he said, “but it probably wouldn't be enough to justify ending the contract.”
A video appearing to show a man successfully parachute jumping from a high floor of an Orlando skyscraper is making the rounds on social media Thursday.
The video, posted by Twitter user @ModernLifeDater about 10:30 a.m. Thursday, shows a man jumping from a high floor of the 32-story 55 West apartment building on the south side of the downtown complex. About halfway down, his blue parachute inflates, floating him down onto Church Street in front of Graffiti Junction and Ferg's Depot.
"Only in Florida is someone crazy enough to jump off the 22nd story of a building with a parachute. #FloridaMan," @ModernLifeDater wrote.
The jumper had dark hair, and was wearing a dark T-shirt and jeans during the fall. At the end of the video, an anonymous videographer exclaimed, "He made it!"
The Twitter user declined to give his real name and would not disclose who shot the video or if he knew when the jump allegedly occurred.
A 55 West property manager has not responded to a request for comment.
CAPTION A Florida man upset about a plastic straw was arrested after authorities say he grabbed the shirt of a McDonald's employee and tried to pull her over a counter. A Florida man upset about a plastic straw was arrested after authorities say he grabbed the shirt of a McDonald's employee and tried to pull her over a counter. CAPTION A Florida man upset about a plastic straw was arrested after authorities say he grabbed the shirt of a McDonald's employee and tried to pull her over a counter. A Florida man upset about a plastic straw was arrested after authorities say he grabbed the shirt of a McDonald's employee and tried to pull her over a counter. CAPTION With the capture of a record 17-foot, 5-inch snake, Florida python hunters have now eliminated 1,859 Burmese pythons which would have “a combined length of more than 2 miles and collectively weight more two tons." With the capture of a record 17-foot, 5-inch snake, Florida python hunters have now eliminated 1,859 Burmese pythons which would have “a combined length of more than 2 miles and collectively weight more two tons." CAPTION The Weather Channel's Jim Cantore took his death-defying reporting too far Wednesday and almost got impaled by a flying 2X4. The Weather Channel's Jim Cantore took his death-defying reporting too far Wednesday and almost got impaled by a flying 2X4. CAPTION Deputies in Highlands, California used a bag of Doritos to lure a huge pig back to its home. Deputies in Highlands, California used a bag of Doritos to lure a huge pig back to its home. CAPTION A social media firestorm ensued shortly after a Hialeah woman posted a Facebook video where a Taco Bell employee denied her service because she could not speak Spanish. A social media firestorm ensued shortly after a Hialeah woman posted a Facebook video where a Taco Bell employee denied her service because she could not speak Spanish.
Orlando Police Department spokeswoman Wanda Miglio said she is sending the video to the appropriate person.
55 West Apartments is a prominent feature of the downtown Orlando skyline.
cdoornbos@orlandosentinel.com or 407-650-6931
The tabloid Bild calls it "perverse." Germany's Health Minister Ulla Schmidt said "I reject this path categorically." And Jörg-Dietrich Hoppe, president of the German Medical Association, calls it "abhorrent and deeply schocking." Those, though, are just a few of the myriad expressions of outrage filling the pages of German newspapers on Tuesday after the death of a 79-year-old pensioner in Würzburg over the weekend. The woman chose to end her own life on Saturday despite not having any life-threatening diseases or suffering great physical pain. And a former Hamburg justice senator named Roger Kusch, long a proponent for the right to die, advised her of the best way to do herself in.
"I was in her apartment at 11:00 a.m," Kusch explained at a press conference he called on Monday to discuss the assisted suicide. "At around 11:30, she began to prepare three glasses -- one with the sedative diazepam, one with a mixture of the anti-malaria drug chloroquine and one with a sweet syrup, because the other substances can cause nausea. She drank the glass with the deadly chloroquine quickly. Her last words were 'Auf Wiedersehen.' Then I left."
Kusch vacated the apartment for three hours so as not to be present at the moment of death. When he returned, he said, she was lying dead on her bed. "I am for self-determination until the final breath," he says.
Kusch on Monday also showed excerpts from a nine-hour long video he made documenting his relationship to the pensioner, identified only as Bettina S. He described how she got in touch with him after he made headlines in the spring by presenting a "suicide machine" patients could use to inject themselves with a deadly cocktail. The video also included long passages in which Bettina S. spoke about how difficult life had become for her and that she sometimes couldn't even motivate herself to get off the couch to make something to eat. But, she said, "I can't say that I am suffering."
The case has immediately set off yet another round of an intense nationwide debate in Germany about assisted suicide and the question as to when a patient has a right to die and when not. It is currently illegal to actively assist in someone's suicide in Germany. Kusch went out of his way to make sure he didn't fall afoul of that law. While he educated Bettina S. on how to kill herself, he did not administer the deadly dosage himself. Because suicide is not illegal in Germany, advising someone on how best to do it is likewise not punishable.
Still, the incident provides new fuel to an ongoing debate within Germany's coalition. Berlin has for months been wrangling over a new law governing how binding so-called "living wills" should be. Such documents outline what medical treatment individuals want should they no longer be in a position to make decisions.
Germany's Social Democrats, with support from much of Germany's political spectrum, would like to pass a law requiring doctors to obey patients' wishes as expressed in such "living wills." So far, though, the law has not been passed due to concerns raised by Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats. The party says that such a document presupposes that patients completely understand all of the implications of a living will -- an assumption that, given the complexity of medical care, one cannot possibly make, the CDU argues.
As nuanced as that debate may be, though, the death of Bettina S., many are saying on Tuesday, crossed a clear line. The former X-ray technician, who never married and has no children, says in the video that one of her motivations to kill herself was that she was afraid of ending up alone in a nursing home. According to reports on Tuesday, she had also contacted the Swiss assisted suicide organization Dignitas before getting in touch with Kusch.
Kusch clearly hopes that the case and the ensuing debate will push Germany yet another step closer to allowing assisted suicide. Both the Netherlands and Belgium passed laws in 2002 which allow doctors to give terminally ill patients a deadly injection, provided they were in full possession of their faculties when they made the decision to die. Switzerland too allows such assistance.
As careful as Kusch apparently was not to cross the lines of legality, public prosecutors have now opened an investigation. Justice ministers from a number of German states have likewise condemned Kusch and a group of states has begun the process of introducing a bill that foresees prison sentences of up to three years for the commercial or otherwise organized offering of suicide assistance.
Still, even were such a law passed, it would not go as far as to make illegal the kind of suicide consulting provided by Kusch. After all, there are a number of pamphlets available in Germany offering those interested information on how to take their own lives.
The outrage in Germany, though, is intense and the proposed law is likely to find support on both sides of the aisle should it reach the Bundestag, Germany's parliament. Health Minister Schmidt told Bild on Tuesday, "the correct path is to offer assistance to those who are dying" instead of helping those free from terminal illness commit suicide. "That would be an important contribution to ending the debate on assisted suicide."
cgh/dpa/ddp
This post reflects the opinions of the author and not necessarily those of Horseed Media as a publication.
On a Sunday afternoon in late February a car exploded outside a crowded restaurant in Baidoa, Somalia, and moments later a suicide bomber blew himself up among fleeing survivors.
At least 30 people died in the attack, the latest by the Shabaab, a Somali-led Al-Qaeda group in East Africa that continues to defy repeated predictions of its demise.
Two days before the Baidoa bombings 14 people were killed when two bombs exploded outside a hotel and a public park in the capital Mogadishu.
One was a 200 kilogramme (440 pound) homemade bomb, only the second time Shabaab has used such a large device. The first was in July and the explosion tore the side off a six-storey hotel. Five weeks earlier, 19 were killed in a bomb and gun attack on a restaurant on Mogadishu's Lido Beach.
It is not just civilians who are targeted.
On January 15, Shabaab fighters overran a military outpost in El-Adde, southern Somalia, manned by up to 200 Kenyan soldiers deployed as part of the African Union peace-enforcement mission, Amisom. Kenya has refused to say how many of its soldiers were killed in the attack.
Matt Bryden, director of Sahan Research, a Nairobi-based think tank, described the first such attack, on a Burundian forward operating base in Lego last June, as “a threshold operation”. Its success meant that assaults on isolated company-sized Amisom units became their “standard operating procedure”.
Amisom's effectiveness is hampered by suspicion and jealousy among the main troop contributing countries and a lack of coordination, funds, focus and will.
It is also struggling to adapt to a rural counter-insurgency after its eventual success in urban combat pushed Shebab out of Mogadishu five years ago.
‘IT'S NOT SOMALIA RISING'
Amisom is fighting the wrong war,” said Stig Jarle Hansen, a Norwegian academic and author of a forthcoming book on jihad in Africa.
“Amisom watches their own back, they are in their garrisons, they go out patrolling once a week and the rest of the week the Shabaab is on top of things.”
By enforcing local support, “Shabaab can survive for 30 years,” said Hansen.
The heavy losses inflicted on the Burundians in Lego, the Ugandans in Janale and Kenyans in El-Adde have cowed Amisom, which has retreated from some areas and hunkered down in others.
“Since Amisom is not in an offensive posture, Shabaab has plenty of space to think, plan and prepare,” said Bryden.
Hitting Amisom makes sense for Shabaab because in the absence of a functioning national army, the 22,000-strong force is the only protector of the internationally-backed government the jihadists are committed to overthrowing.
Similarly, the killing of civilians serves to undermine confidence in the government. “They are attacking signs of normality,” said Hansen by shooting up a beachside restaurant, turning a public garden into a slaughter ground or blowing up football fans.
The message is clear, said Cedric Barnes, Horn of Africa director at the International Crisis Group research organisation: “Shabaab is saying, ‘There is no normality, no security, it's not Somalia Rising, who are you trying to kid?'”
AL-SHABAAB REBORN
With a change of government due later this year, the tempo of Shabaab attacks appears to be rising in an effort to undermine the already-shaky legitimacy of the process, said Barnes. The style of attack is also shifting, said Ken Menkhaus, a professor at Davidson College in the US.
“Shabaab is launching more spectacular attacks, looking for maximum bang for its buck,” said Menkhaus.
The city attacks also underscore Shabaab's continued infiltration of government areas and the ease with which it can use corruption and sympathetic insiders to subvert security arrangements, moving truck bombs through roadblocks or – as in a botched plot in February – placing a laptop bomb on a plane inside an airport that is supposed to be the best-protected place in the country.
The attack itself was a dismal failure with the only casualty being the bomber himself, sucked out of the hole he blew in the side of the plane.
But the intent and ability to get the bomb on board was new, and worrying.
This week the airport authority in neighbouring Kenya — which has been repeatedly targeted by Shabaab — warned of a plot to blow up aircraft, a tactic also attempted by Shabaab's longtime Yemen-based ally Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
“Has there been a technology transfer from AQAP? That's certainly possible,” said Menkhaus.
One of the first moves by Shabaab leader Ahmed Diriye when he took over in 2014 was to reaffirm Shabaab's commitment to Al-Qaeda. And, with a recent revolt by internal Islamic State agitators crushed, suggestions that Shabaab might be collaborating with Islamic State's West Africa affiliate Boko Haram are implausible.
Under Diriye the organisation has gained new vigour and expanded its regional reach, confounding hopeful predictions of its end.
“This is a movement whose membership and horizons are broader than Somalia, and is operationally active in at least six countries in the region,” said Bryden.
Shabaab no longer administers large territories, but has adapted to the new circumstances becoming, “simultaneously weaker and more dangerous,” said Menkhaus.
Far from being defeated Shabaab appears reborn.
“It's simply not true that Shabaab is on the backfoot or desperate. They have reorganised, retrained, recruited and found renewed purpose,” said Barnes. “To say Shabaab is dying is nonsense, it's just believing your own comms”.
Source: AFP
GOP Sens. Lindsey Graham, Bill Cassidy, Ron Johnson, and John McCain (L to R) could be taking health care away from veterans.
This is a timely new study for all those patriotic, veteran-loving Republican senators who might be tempted to support another vote on Obamacare repeal: it would leave many veterans uninsured and put additional strain on the VA medical system.
In 2013, while the Affordable Care Act that passed in 2010 was still being implemented, 9.1 percent of veterans under 65 were uninsured. That fell to 5.8 percent by 2015—a drop attributed to Medicaid enrollment facilitated by the ACA. A repeal would reverse those gains, and the recently proposed GOP policy would lead to more veterans losing insurance than gained coverage under the ACA, according to the study by policy researcher Rand Corp. Some of those veterans would turn to the VA for health care, adding stress to those facilities, said Michael Dworsky, a Rand economist and the study's lead author. “There may be concern over the spillover effects we estimated because, in some places, the VA system has had issues with capacity,” he said. […] Many veterans who would lose coverage wouldn't be eligible for VA health care. Rand estimated that in 2015, only 56.8 percent of veterans under 65 would qualify for VA care. Some eligible veterans already use a mix of health care options, including those who live far from a VA facility. They rely on Medicaid for at least part of their care, the study found.
It would be nice to think that that would be enough for Republicans like Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), arguably our most famous veteran, to put an end to this now, before another vote. If you live in Arizona, you should make sure he knows about this.
JAM THE PHONE LINES. Call your senator at (202) 224-3121 and tell them to just stop playing with our lives. (After you call, please tell us how it went.)
Platinium-eSport have announced their return to activity with four players from the previous team.
Platinium pulled off one of the biggest upsets in recent CS:GO history when they defeated Ninjas in Pyjamas 16-10 on de_cobblestone in the ESWC group stage - the only victory the team were able to get in the tournament.
But soon after the event the players decided to go their separate ways, citing a lack of motivation and the fact that the team would not be able to take part in ESL events due to the ban handed to Matthieu "matHEND" Roquigny during his CS:Source times and also his VAC ban.
Platinium back on track
From the previous team, Brandon "Storen" Valembois is the only one to be left out of the new roster, which is complete by Timothée "DEVIL" Démolon, formerly of Vikings.
"After two months of inactivity, we decided to resume our adventure with the same core," Roquigny told vakarm.net. "We decided to continue without Storen and to replace him with DEVIL, who in our eyes has a lot of potential and is very motivated. "I will not hide that our ambitions are right now limited because of my problems with the VAC ban and I hope I will be able to sort that out soon so that we can grow to the extent we deserve. "bobbY and I have submitted a file in which we explain the reason behind our VAC bans, which were caused by someone hacking our Steam accounts. We hope to hear from Valve."
Platinium-eSport have the following lineup:
At The International 5, the memory of EG.Universe's “six million dollar” Echo Slam shines the brightest, but does anyone recall ppd's Ice Vortex that first gave vision and set up the play? What about the follow up Ice Blast? Core players take the farm and the highlight. Occasionally, a Rubick spell sequence or a timely ultimate will shine the importance of support players, but that's only a minor part of what they are responsible for in the course of a game. It's few and far between that support players gin up community hype for the small things: lane rotations, zoning, stacking, early game play-calling. These actions don't show up in K/D/A, but rather in W-L. This is not to say that supports impact the game more than core players, but the two play a mutually dependent role in a team game. It's no surprise that players seeking to climb the MMR ladder gravitate towards core over support roles. They feel like they have a greater influence over the game. This is certainly true for exceptional talents, such as Miracle or Badman, who rose to the top of the MMR charts off their superior play in the mid and safe lane. But, for the rest of us, support play is just as important when seeking to impact a game.
The Post Winter Wyvern Era
Winter Wyvern, before her nerfs, was the perfect support hero. Her skill set represented the paragon of playing support: Arctic Burn, an offensive spell to zone heroes and initiate ganks in the early game; Splinter Blast, a wave clear to farm and defend tower; Cold Embrace, a defensive spell; and Winter's Curse, a BKB-piercing stun that also functioned as a mini Black Hole. There are a few basic functions that a support needs to fulfill: laning, ganking, and team fight. Winter Wyvern answered every function that you wanted in a support, and excelled at them. It's a shame that she has since been nerfed into obscurity, but her fall combined with the changes in patch 6.86 have created a space for new, just as impactful, support heroes to enter the meta.
Welcome To The Jungle
Top Win Rates, sorted by 5k MMR bracket
Out of the top 10 heroes in the 5k+ MMR bracket, five are support heroes (six if you count Venomancer's time in the safe lane). And four out of five of those support heroes—Chen, Abaddon, Bounty Hunter, Omniknight—are picked more in the 5k+ bracket than any other. The most surprising hero in this group is Chen, who is ranked #1 in win rate in the 5k MMR bracket, and currently a top pick in the professional meta. Most recently, at the Starladder LAN Finals, Chen has a 68.75% win rate out of 16 games, and he's the 2nd most contested hero, right behind Invoker.
Most Picked At Starladder LAN Finals
Part of Chen's resurgence can be attributed to patch 6.86's overall effect of buffing jungle creeps and, consequently, Chen's army, which now has access to a stacking, 20% magic resistance aura. The addition of an offlane jungle camp opened up possibilities for Chen to influence other areas of the map in the early game. He also received non-trivial buffs to his base stats and Penitence. Despite being a hero with significant potential, and certainly his favorability in competitive play validates this, Chen is still nonetheless a historically unpopular hero, particularly due to the finicky nature of his summons (also shared by most unpicked friends such as Visage, Beastmaster, and Brewmaster).
A Familiar Face
There is one support hero, however, that has been highly picked in both pub and professional play. Vengeful Spirit is the top picked support in the 5k+ bracket (#3 overall) and the top overall pick at Starladder and the Shanghai Major Qualifiers for China and Europe. She's no stranger to the meta, when pushing, physical damage lineups were in vogue. With the return of push heroes such as Death Prophet, Chen, Lone Druid, as well as her old foe, Batrider, the meta was ripe for her resurgence.
Vengeful Spirit's impact, her win rate, in the mercurial, random nature of pubs is a testament to her overall strength. Who knows what heroes your teammates will pick or random into. Vengeful Spirit is stronger paired with certain heroes, but she isn't tethered to them to influence a game. Her skills are simple and direct: a single target stun, a single target ultimate, an aura, and an area of effect spell. The simplicity of her spells make her versatile for pubs but also a veritable first or second phase pick, as top teams like Evil Geniuses has shown in their recent Starladder games.
Looking Ahead
If the regional differences in picks at the Shanghai Majors were any indication, it's that the meta is still being established. Bane was preferred in the Americas, but not China. The same goes for Chen. On the other hand, China valued Nightstalker more than any other region. Finally, it seems, judging from the paltry win rates across the Shanghai qualifiers and Starladder, no one still knows how to use Oracle.
The meta will solidify as we approach the Shanghai Majors, but it won't be without a period of experimentation. The new Aether Lens is upending our expectations of the strength of support play. It's a solid pickup on Vengeful Spirit, but it has shown to be potent on a host of other support heroes, such as Bane, Witch Doctor, and Rubick. Like the now nerfed Glimmer Cape, Aether Lens is an item that significantly increases the impact of support heroes, perhaps on the verge of power creep. Gone are the days of moneyless support players. It's a new era for support heroes—it has been for some time—and if you haven't noticed it yet, perhaps there will be some highlights.
Update: Fixed incorrectly referring to Winter Wyvern as male
Share
We can blame DigiTimes and the Wall Street Journal (and their anonymous sources) for the sudden surge in rumors concerning a cheap Apple iPhone. Potentially named the iPhone Mini, the not-quite-news has done its best to distract us from all the CES 2013 hoopla this week. Now it's Bloomberg's turn, as its sources – unnamed, of course – say Apple is eying a $99 or $149 price point for the unannounced phone.
The report states Apple has been working on an affordable alternative to the iPhone for two years, and it hopes to have a model ready for release later this year. It also says Apple has been chatting to at least one U.S. network about the phone, however it may primarily be aimed at attracting buyers in emerging markets where the iPhone is too expensive for the majority of potential buyers.
It continues to say the phone would use cheaper parts, be smaller than current models and work on, “Multiple wireless networks.” As existing iPhone devices work on just about every major network in the world already, we're not sure what else Apple could have in mind. The Journal perviously indicated Apple would switch to polycarbonate for the phone's construction, and reuse components it had produced for discontinued iPhone handsets.
What about the iPhone 4?
Let's go back to the price. Neither Bloomberg nor its anonymous source states whether the $99/$149 price includes the subsidies provided by the carrier after signing up for a contract. It's an important distinction, as right now, an 8GB iPhone 4 is yours for $0.99 with a two-year contract through AT&T, making it the perfect iPhone Mini. It has a smaller screen and lesser specs than the current phone, yet it's still superior to many other budget smartphones. It's the same argument which has always made a dedicated low-cost iPhone sound like a strange project, as Apple always has the ideal budget iPhone when it brings out a new, full price one.
So, does that mean Apple is planning a SIM-free or Pay As You Go iPhone for $99 or $149? Such a drastic drop in price (a 16GB iPhone 5 costs $649 from Apple) would inevitably mean a drastic drop in quality and performance – a sacrifice Apple doesn't seem likely to make, particularly when you take the iPad Mini, it's recent attempt to attract the budget crowd into account.
The competition should be worried
For the sake of argument, let's say it has got a $149 phone ready for launch; which device is it supposed to be countering? It's not the Galaxy S3, that's what the iPhone 5 is for, and it's not even the Galaxy S3 Mini, Samsung's sub par cash in on the S3's success, as it costs at least £250 on Pay As You Go in the UK, or $400. At AT&T, $150 on PAYG buys you the Samsung Galaxy Appeal, with its 3.2-inch screen, dual-core 800MHz chip, 3-megapixel camera and all its associated unattractiveness.
Of course, if an iPhone was available for the same price in that company, almost everyone would buy it over any other device, and the specs wouldn't matter in the slightest. It would just look out of place alongside Apple's other products. All this aside, the prospect of Apple producing the iPad Mini appeared similarly out-of-character, then the thing turned up to prove us all wrong. Perhaps Apple will do the same again with an incredibly cheap iPhone?
"Those coming from a country exempted from visa requirements would then register online and say who they are and what they want in the EU," the minister told Chemnitz-based Freie Presse regional paper on Friday.
Friedrich added that Germany was a popular "destination for criminals and terrorists." An online register of "personal data," he said, would "make it more difficult to come to Germany undiscovered." This could also include biometric data such as fingerprints or photos, he suggested.
At the same time, the minister wanted to clarify that travel should be made easier for business travellers from more countries, in reference to requests by Russia and Turkey for exemption from EU visa requirements for their citizens.
"A relaxation or even a complete exemption from visa requirements is associated with a loss of control that must be compensated in some other way - for example with the kind of immigration system that the US has in place," Friedrich told the paper.
Travellers to the US who do not require a visa, for example those from EU countries, must register their passport details and the purpose of their visit online with Department of Homeland Security before travelling.
A similar system could be set up in the EU, said Friedrich: "Only under these circumstances could there be moves to relax some of the visa requirements."
Open borders in Europe are good for all citizens, he added, but "we need a greater awareness of the fact that we need to secure our borders."
DPA/DAPD/The Local/jlb
Baseball Mogul, one of the true pioneer baseball simulation games continues on. Clay Dreslough the original creator of Baseball Mogul seems to have ramped up the game offering by bringing another developer on staff named Connor Milliken.
The Sports Mogul company in recent years has been focused on making an NFL Football theme card game named Masters of the Gridion. Their kick-starter campaign reached its desired target and the production of the game for sale will be available.
Due to the mixed feelings about the performance of Baseball Mogul 2014, their company has provided a promo code to those who ordered that version with a discount on the 2015 version of Baseball Mogul. We at GM Games have not delved into if the sim engine speed and previous challenges have been corrected but if the effort of Connor is any indication, they have someone to help them move the game along and keep the franchise of Baseball Mogul and Football Mogul games flowing.
For SportMogul, it is nice to see they have the passion to keep the series going with some larger changes of significance but I think they need to tone down the ‘best game on the market', ‘best baseball sim ever' all over the game marketing, branding and website. It may be true to some that enjoy the flow of Baseball Mogul over something like OOTP or PureSim. People who grew up on Baseball Mogul will always appreciate what the game is, and the educated consumers in the simulation community will form their own opinions. Let's hope in the end they are in agreement with what Sports Mogul Inc. is describing the game as.
Here are the details about Baseball Mogul 2015 Edition:
Real minor league stats
More than 1 million lines of data
Lefty-righty batting and pitching stats
Includes every season back to 1951
Improved General Manager AI
Mimics real-life trade and contract data
Stat-based scouting
Individual strategy settings for each player
Includes individual pitch count limits
Updates for Opening Day of the 2014 Season
Updated rosters for every team
Updated contract status for major league and minor league players
Complete major league and minor league stats through 2013
Actual real-life 2014 season schedule (all 2430 games)
Backwards Compatibility
Baseball Mogul 2015 automatically loads databases from previous versions of Baseball Mogul.
Deeper
Baseball Mogul 2015 takes you beyond trades and free agent signings. From drafting high school prospects to salary arbitration, you're in control of every aspect of your team – on and off the field.
Faster
We invested extra time optimizing the simulation engine and artificial intelligence, so you can play more games in less time, without sacrificing the depth and realism of your game play experience.
Authentic
Choose your favorite team in any season from 1901 to 2014. Or create a fictional league with just a few mouse clicks. Baseball Mogul's cutting edge physics engine and artificial intelligence play out every pitch and every line drive. With detailed stats and ratings for over 18,000 real players, including more than one million lines of minor league batting, pitching and fielding data, the options are limitless.
GM Games has been provided a copy from Connor and we will be trying to give a review of Baseball Mogul 2015's fun factor as soon as possible. See some screens below.
Summer is here, the perfect time to catch up with a few of those shows everyone is always saying you should watch. But there are so many! How can you decide which to try? You need to find the gateway episode, one you can watch without any background knowledge and which will give you a real sense of the show—and whether you'll like it.
Louis C.K. and Amy Poehler NBC
Getting friends to like Parks and Recreation can be more difficult than you might think. They'll hear nothing but good things about the delightful NBC sitcom, now entering its sixth season, and fire up Season 1, Episode 1, which is available on Netflix along with the rest of the show's first four seasons. They'll watch it, then maybe stick with it for a few more episodes, and then get turned off. It's weird, they'll say, wondering what all the fuss is about. “It gets better,” you'll tell them. “Really!” But they won't believe you. And if the rest of the series were like the first season, I wouldn't blame them. But it isn't, at all: The six-episode first-season run is a bizarro-world version of the rest of the series. It should come with a Netflix warning.
Sure, the basic premise of the show is the same: Amy Poehler plays Leslie Knope, the deputy director of a parks and recreation department in small-town Pawnee, Ind., a woman who wants to climb the civic political ladder and make the world a better place at the same time. But in Season 1, Leslie is off-putting and unlikeable, too reminiscent of co-creator and executive producer Greg Daniels' other quixotic hero, The Office's Michael Scott. Like Steve Carrell's Michael, Leslie is painfully incompetent, and it's hard to sympathize with her, or even root for her. Her initial plotline, a quest to fill in a massive pit, is middling and mundane, even for a show about small-time municipal government.
Miraculously, despite getting low ratings and poor reviews, Parks was renewed—and given a total makeover. Leslie was reimagined as an endearing, can-do workaholic, with an infectious energy and a penchant for silly accents—qualities that mold perfectly with Poehler's brand of comedy. The character's lame pit plotline was scrapped in favor of broader storylines that brought the town of Pawnee—and the ridiculous, entertaining people who populate it—to life.
So here's what you need to do: Skip Parks' first season altogether, and jump right into the good stuff with Season 2's standout episode, “Practice Date.”
“Practice Date” is an ideal entry point into the Parks universe. Since so much of Season 1 was scrapped, don't worry about missing prior plot and character points. This episode establishes all the ground-floor information you need.
The episode's A-plot involves Leslie's neurotic response to her upcoming first date with Dave, a Pawnee police officer played perfectly by a pre-Louie Louis C.K. Leslie becomes a nervous wreck and compensates by over-preparing and making a binder of possible conversation topics. There's a great multicut sequence—a device that the improv-minded Parks uses very well—where Leslie reels off all the horrible things that have happened to her on first dates in the past. (“One time I accidentally drank a bottle of vinegar. I thought it was terrible wine.”). Ann, Leslie's best friend, takes her out for a practice first date, in which she assaults her with boorish, callous antics. A common flavor of Leslie—desperately panicked—emerges, to hilarious effect.
The B-plot—and the main reason I love this episode—finds the Parks office taking on a challenge to see who can dig up the most dirt on everyone else. Through that clever device, we get a bunch of very funny backstory. Blustering office jester Tom Haverford's (Aziz Ansari) hot wife has ulterior motives for being with him; perpetually sullen intern April Ludgate (Aubrey Plaza) and her lawnmower once starred in a viral video; department director—and easily the show's strongest supporting character—Ron Swanson (Nick Offerman) leads a secretive double life; and office punching bag Jerry … well, you should discover that gem on your own.
Above all, “Practice Date” is a great starting point because it's among the series' funniest episodes, both laugh-out-loud hilarious and quietly, wickedly witty. No current TV comedy has better characters, or has so successfully created a rich, inviting, and true-to-life world. After this episode, you'll want to return to that world again and again. You won't need me to nag you at all.
Previous Gateway Episodes
South Park
Happy Endings
The X-Files
The Sopranos
Gilmore Girls
Veronica Mars
Deadwood
Doctor Who
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
One piece of evidence that Fox Sports' Ken Rosenthal is very good at his job is that when he reported that Yasiel Puig stormed out of Dodger Stadum after being told he was going to be traded or demoted, it was accepted as gospel even without confirmation from either side, or even anyone else reporting it. An even stronger piece of evidence for Rosenthal's position as one of the best in the business is that after it finally emerged that the story couldn't have been true, Rosenthal apologized, opened wide, and publicly ate shit for it.
The Puig situation in Los Angeles is The Puig situation in Los Angeles is murky, but it's not good . The Dodgers tried and failed to trade their talented, frustrating young outfielder, and with Josh Reddick arriving from Oakland, Puig has lost his starting job in RF. Puig's expected to be optioned to Triple-A Oklahoma City today, and there's a decent chance we've seen the last of him in Dodger blue.
Because so much of Puig's tenure has been subsumed by controversies about his behavior, it seemed fitting that, as Rosenthal initially reported, Puig walked out in a huff when informed that he wouldn't be traveling with the team to Colorado. But later in the evening, well after the trade deadline had passed, Because so much of Puig's tenure has been subsumed by controversies about his behavior, it seemed fitting that, as Rosenthal initially reported, Puig walked out in a huff when informed that he wouldn't be traveling with the team to Colorado. But later in the evening, well after the trade deadline had passed, Puig's agent told Rosenthal that Puig had never been at the stadium in the first place, that the Dodgers had kept him abreast of their efforts to trade him, and that there was no confrontation.
So, Rosenthal did what he had to do. He owned his mistake.
Sponsored
Advertisement
It's remarkable that this is even remarkable: Given the amount of bad information that's put out there every day, in a perfect world we'd see mea culpae like this from reporters all the time. We don't. Most are content to let their mistakes quietly submerge.
But Rosenthal rarely gets things wrong, at least not entirely falsifiable things like this. That's why he's one of a handful of baseball writers—Jeff Passan and Jon Heyman among them—whose reports can safely be taken as gospel. The best reporters are the ones who feel humiliated by their errors, because those are the guys least likely to make them.
Puig gets it:
If you want to read the tea leaves, there are interesting questions raised by the fact that a source misled Rosenthal, and by the fact that neither side corrected the bad information for hours after Rosenthal had passed it along. (Dodgers GM Farhan Zaidi was asked about the report while on a post-deadline conference call with reporters. If you want to read the tea leaves, there are interesting questions raised by the fact that a source misled Rosenthal, and by the fact that neither side corrected the bad information for hours after Rosenthal had passed it along. (Dodgers GM Farhan Zaidi was asked about the report while on a post-deadline conference call with reporters. “I'm not going to comment on that,” he said. But the Dodgers have like half-a-dozen guys with GM duties, quite probably leading to this confusion.)
Fans and readers should demand Rosenthal's brand of pellucidity out of all reporters, because infallibility isn't realistic: getting things occasionally wrong is the cost of doing business. The key is being confident enough to embrace your fuck-ups.
The tradition of Texas A&M's 12th Man dates back to 1922, when then Texas A&M head football coach, Dana X. Bible, called a former football player, E. King Gill, out from the stands to suit up in a game against the nation's top-ranked team at the time, Centre College. While Gill didn't see the field for a play that day, the Aggies nonetheless went on to win and the legend of the 12th Man was born.
As the tradition of the 12th Man grew in College Station, it became apparent to Texas A&M officials that they would need to trademark the phrase. In 1990 Texas A&M trademarked "12th Man." In order to maintain trademark protection, trademark owners must defend against the infringement of their trademarks. It is for this reason, that in 2006 Texas A&M filed a trademark lawsuit against the Seattle Seahawks stemming from the NFL team's use of the "12th Man" phrase. The lawsuit was ultimately settled, the terms of which included the Seahawks paying Texas A&M $100,000 and a subsequent $5,000 annual licensing fee for five years with a right to renew the agreement thereafter. In 2011 the Seahawks renewed the agreement for another five years, taking the deal through 2016.
As the 2016 expiration of the license agreement approaches and the success of the Seahawks continues to rise, reports indicate that the sides have begun renegotiation discussions. However, newly minted issues will likely drive the licensing fee Texas A&M receives under the deal to dollar amounts much greater than $5,000 annually.
Under the current agreement, Texas A&M placed several limitations on the Seahawks' use of its 12th Man mark. One of those limitations was a regional limitation, which only allows the Seahawks to use the trademark in Alaska, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah and Washington. While the Seahawks cannot sell merchandise bearing the words "12th Man," the organization can distribute promotional materials in those states bearing the trademark. The inclusion of such restraints by Texas A&M demonstrates the school's desire to limit the reach of the Seahawks' use of the trademark.
It is that desire to limit the Seahawks' reach in using the phrase "12th Man: that will likely up the ante in the trademark licensing renegotiations. With the advent of new social media channels since the licensing agreement was first hatched and subsequently renewed, the Seahawks' usage of the mark has arguably seeped out of the geographic boundaries Texas A&M wanted to limit it to. With nearly 1.5 million likes on Facebook and over 431,000 followers on Twitter and nearly 350,000 on Instagram, the social media reach of the Seahawks goes well beyond the Pacific Northwest. The extent of that reach has led to a situation where from a social media standpoint, much of the usage of the phrase "12th Man" is attributed to the Seahawks. Take for instance the fact that when searching for the hashtag "#12thMan" on Twitter, the Seattle Seahawks' official Twitter account is the first account listed in results for similar people, rather than any Twitter account associated with Texas A&M. On top of that, the top three related searches for the hashtag were "@seahawks" "#gohawks" and #seahawks," with no mention of any hashtags related to the Aggies. Likewise, a search for the hashtag "#12thMan" on Instagram revealed over 200,000 pictures, the bulk of which relating to the Seahawks.
Texas A&M is not blind to this fact. "Twitter and social media didn't really exist when we entered into the first licensing agreement in 2006. It wasn't addressed at that time. We've had to address some compliance issues, as social media use goes beyond the agreed upon Northwest territory," said Texas A&M's interim vice president of marketing and communications, Shane Hinckley.
The question, though, is how will Texas A&M address the issue of social media usage in its trademark licensing renegotiations with the Seahawks? From a legal standpoint, there are two clear ways: The first, demand a signifiant amount of money more than the university is currently receiving under the agreement, or two, if the Seahawks are unwilling to cough up the desired amount of money, walk away from the agreement and continue defending against the unauthorized use of the 12th Man trademark. Regardless of which decision is chosen as 2016 approaches, one thing is certain: Texas A&M officials will be watching with wide eyes how the Seahawks organization and its fans utilize the 12th Man mark.
The first four episodes of Season 5 were leaked online in 2015...
HBO has confirmed that they won't be releasing any advance screeners for Game of Thrones‘ upcoming season 7 in a bid to avoid them from leaking online.
Traditionally, journalists and critics have received episodes of the hit show before they air in order to cover them before they first hit the small screen.
But now, the screeners won't be available after a 2015 leak resulted in the first four episodes of Season 5 being illegally downloaded only a day before the show premiered.
The same decision was taken by HBO last year, but a mistake by a Canadian streaming service resulted in the first episode of season six appearing online only hours ahead of its official launch.
And in November last year, a number of spoilers, which are believed to be particularly credible, were posted on Reddit.
The seventh season of Game of Thrones will debut on Sky Atlantic next month, and will consist of only seven episodes ahead of the show's finale in 2018.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Despite being shrouded in overwhelming secrecy, a sneak peek of Season 7 was seen last week in a behind-the-scenes special effects video which showed a gargantuan fire-fuelled battle at sea.
Another recent theory speculated about the real name of Jon Snow – and suggested that his father is a character from George RR Martin's books who are yet to be introduced to the HBO show.
He's going to save the world and you've got to stop him. Become the enemy of humanity on your quest to end the world in this modern take on classic RPGs. Defeat those who would stand in your way in highly-tactical combat where every action can mean the difference between life and death. Unlock your full potential in battle by acting in line with your personality. Use your relationships to power combos to crush your foes.
As the heir to your father's empire, use your vast wealth and influence in order to gain favor, forge alliances, sabotage political enemies, and bring rival nations to their knees - and still make it home in time for tea.
About
Using the experience we've gained over the years working on our early titles, we're now gearing up to create our most ambitious title to date, Vacant Sky: Awakening. Aside from a passion for creating immersive worlds and dynamic, memorable characters, what we share is a love for RPGs and a desire to create one with the enchantment of oldschool RPGs without any of their common failings. Things you won't find in this game:
Random encounters
Spiky-haired, brooding emo protagonists
Pointless grinding
Mind-numbingly convoluted and pointless puzzles
Bosses with a larger HP count than the national debt
Chosen ones destined to save the world
Magical princesses who stay around just long enough for you to fall in love with before being abducted by the villain
We pledge to contribute 5% of our profits from the sale of the game to other promising game projects on Kickstarter and elsewhere. Visit: Kicking it Forward for more information on this initiative and to see other projects participating.
Characters
Creating a rich, memorable experience is our primary goal in creating this game. The most important part of a memorable RPG is creating a memorable story, and the most important part of a story is its characters. Here is a look at a slice of the main cast:
Features
Aside from creating a unique story which defies RPG conventions and putting together a cast of memorable characters, an important goal to us is to create a unique and engaging gameplay experience. We've worked hard to identify what it is that makes RPGs good and what makes them bad, conversing with fellow fans as we've tried to emphasize the greatest aspects of the genre while cutting out its failings. Here's what you will find while playing the game:
-Personality and Synergy: By reinforcing a character's personality and interpersonal relationships in battle, you can unlock their true power. Dakura, whose nature is to destroy, gains energy by dealing the finishing blow. Sarian, who undermines, gains energy by exposing enemy weaknesses and allowing allies to exploit them. By acting in concert, Sarian can expose an enemy's weakness to her friend Dakura, who can then finish it off - allowing both of them to gain energy more efficiently. Based on the relationship between two characters, whether they be friends, rivals, enemies, or lovers, the way they interact in battle is different. Learn the relationships between characters and use them to unlock everyone's full potential.
-No Money System: Being the rich prat you are, matters of finance are of no importance to you. It's assumed that you have enough money to purchase whatever you want. That being the case, items can be in short supply and unlocking better ones may require trading or finding the proper materials to enable shopkeepers to develop them.
-Customization: Build Dakura's stats however you please. You're free to focus on any stat you want with him and freely select which abilities he learns.
-Equipment-based Skills: Learn new abilities by equipping different weapons and change your equipment in the midst of battle to alter your skillset on the fly.
-Reaction System: Determine how each party member reacts to attacks by setting them to guard, dodge, or counterattack.
-Item Trading: Most NPCs have something of value on them and something they want. Engage them in trade to make you both happy.
-Personal Abilities: Each party member comes equipped with their own personal ability which is unique to them, such as enemy scan or item theft.
-Original Soundtrack: Composed by Tarranon.
Team
-Bishop Myers: Programmer, writer, and gameplay designer.
Works: Lilium, Vacant Sky, Finding Eden, The Vestibule
Website: http://projectbc.wordpress.com
-Kate Holden: Character designer, map sprite artist, and gameplay designer.
Works: Vacant Sky, The Vestibule
Website: http://www.kateholdenart.com/
-Steph Hii: Illustrator and user interface designer
Works: Finding Eden
Website: http://sthii.artworkfolio.com/
-Isabel Riley: Battle graphics and animation artist
Works: Vacant Sky, The World Is Made of Paper
Website: http://www.projectbc.net/worldofpaper
-Tarranon: Composer
Works: Vacant Sky
Funding
We currently have a playable prototype up and running for the PC. We intend to use the money from the Kickstarter to expand this prototype into a full game using XNA and Monogame to target all major platforms.
Artistically, we want to replace the placeholder graphics and create battle animations, storyline/cutscene illustrations throughout the game, and emotive portraits for all of the characters in the game. To help with the soundtrack, the money will also be spent on audio equipment (8-channel MBox with Pro Tools).
Trailer Cast
Dakura: Ryan "actorsAllusion" Hoyle
Cavalier: Nicky "The Rat" Balton
ERRA & Naora: Rebecca "Azure" McCarthy
Sarian: RyokoUri
Dysian Knight: Adoxographist
Korelli: ThePandaBetweenUs
Gatekeeper: Kate Holden
Images
The new owner did not reveal what he intends to do with the property
Latvia has sold an entire town once used by the Soviet military as a base.
The deserted town formerly known as Skrunda-1 was auctioned off to a Russian firm for $3m (£1.9m) - about 10 times its list price, officials said.
The lot includes 45 hectares (111 acres) of land, 10 apartment blocks, two nightclubs, a shopping centre, kindergarten, barracks and a sauna.
The town was abandoned after Russian troops withdrew from Latvia in 1994, following the collapse of the USSR.
The town, about 150km (93 miles) west of Riga, was sold to the Aleksejevskoje-Serviss company, Latvia's privatisation agency which carried out the auction said on Friday.
"It is positive that property which has been empty for a long time and where there has been no economic activity has been sold," the agency said.
It did not say what the property would be used for.
Skrunda-1 was a closed settlement not marked on Soviet maps because it was used as anti-missile radar base.
The base was pulled down in the late 1990s.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE appeared in at least two more Playboy videos that were not previously known about, a new CNN report reveals.
ADVERTISEMENT
A 2000 Playboy softcore porn film was unearthed last week, and CNN's K-File on Wednesday revealed the discovery of two more videos, from 1994 and 2001.
In one of the videos, Trump is interviewing a potential Playboy model as he helps conduct a search for the magazine's “40th anniversary Playmate.”
A senior photo editor for Playboy told CNN that the magazine wanted Trump involved in the search to help them get more publicity.
In the video, Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, interviews the models and takes Polaroids of them, according to the report. There is no nudity or sexually explicit content in the scenes with Trump, but there are other scenes in the film with fully nude women.
The 2001 video features Trump at a fashion show, with him appearing backstage with two Playboy models, including Melania Knauss, who is now his wife.
The report is the first for CNN's K-File following Andrew Kaczynski's move to the network with his political reporting team from BuzzFeed. Kaczynski broke the story last week of Trump's appearance in the 2000 Playboy film.
About
Meet the Daisy WiFi: a small, low-power network device with sensors and controls. The Daisy enables you to connect sensors and controls to the Internet for monitoring and controlling your world. You can create automated actions that are triggered whenever a sensor reports a specific value or crosses a threshold.
Call my phone if the temperature in my house drops below a specified value
Send me an email if the door on my mailbox was opened (i.e. mail arrived)
Send me an instant message if a leak is detected in my basement
Automatically open your garage or pet door as you approach home
You can also control things remotely through the browser without the hassle of complex networking issues.
Toggle a device on and off from your phone, tablet, or web browser at work
You can schedule complex rules that execute with multiple daisies or multiple scenarios:
If the Daisy in my basement detects a water leak, trigger another daisy to shut off the water main and send me a notification.
There is so much you can do with this little device; these are just a few examples. The video demonstrates many examples of ways we tested the Daisy, but it only scratches the surface of possibilities.
We have been tinkering and testing devices for almost a year now, and we're looking for help from the Kickstarter community to bring the Daisy to production. We're also in the process of creating software that allows you to interact with the hardware. You'll be able to view your devices real-time, as well as create rules that execute when your device reports its sensor data. We have a prototype demonstration available at http://live.daisyworks.com and the rule editor can be found at http://live.daisyworks.com/editor.html. Note that the website is setup for demo purposes only. We have disabled communication with real devices while we continue development on it and add features.
We have created a few different versions of the Daisy WiFi and Daisy Petals. Daisy Petals are boards that snap onto the extendable Daisy WiFi base and fit inside the case (think pop-top). This gives you additional hardware versatility by adding more sensors and controls just by swapping out a different half of the outer case. We have built and tested a Daisy Petal that can be optionally be populated with:
Infrared temperature sensor
Digital temperature and humidity sensor
Light sensor
Accelerometer
Extension ports (I2C, 1-Wire, SPI)
Extension ports allow for connecting additional sensors and controls outside the case. You can even connect a Daisy to an Arduino or Arduino-compatible device http://arduino.cc. In the video, we connected the Daisy WiFi to an Arduino for the dog kennel demonstration -- it is easy to do. We'll be adding ample documentation to show you how to do similar things.
We also plan to open source the hardware and the software so others can build on top of this platform for whatever purpose they desire.
Our aim is to provide at least two free years of access to anyone who backs us on Kickstarter. That means we'll store your sensor data for free, and offer you unlimited access to our services during that period. In the future, if we can't continue to provide free access, we may charge a nominal fee as necessary to cover maintenance, hosting, and other costs. Your data will always be free: we will provide you a way to export all of your data so you can back it up yourself, or move it somewhere else, should you choose to do so.
Kickstarter: please help us bring this idea to fruition. We have been planning this for a long time now, we have a great head start, and we're really excited and passionate about building this. We want this in our own homes -- this is one of our primary motivators, but we'd like you to have it too.
Under the Cover
Daisy Petal (pop-tops)
Daisy Petal extensions plug onto the top of the extendable Daisy WiFi and fit inside the case. We've successfully interfaced and communicated with each of these sensors, however, we still have some programming and testing to do. We'll ship these when they are ready for prime time.
Motion/Vibration: triple axis accelerometer. Add $40.
triple axis accelerometer. Add $40. Infrared temperature: non-contact infrared temperature sensor. Add $55.
non-contact infrared temperature sensor. Add $55. Temp./Light/Humidity: digital temperature, light, and humidity sensors. Add $45.
digital temperature, light, and humidity sensors. Add $45. Breakout board: Provides interfacing and prototyping area for your own circuits. This is how we connected the smoke alarm. Add $15.
Connecting
We've tried to make connecting the Daisy WiFi to a network easy. If your WiFi supports WPS, just push the WPS button on your router and activate WPS on the Daisy WiFi and it will self configure and connect. No fumbling with pass phrases or hex codes.
If you don't have access to your router or you have an older router which does not support WPS, then you'll have to activate and connect via ad hoc mode to configure it with our form based configuration utility. This will require entering your security pass phrase or WEP key. Don't worry, we'll post a HOWTO video and document it clearly to make it as easy as we can.
Specs
Our prototypes currently use a single AA sized 3V Lithium battery which costs less than $2. While we expect typical battery life to be many months and possibly a year or more, it is highly dependent on how the Daisy is configured and used. Of course the Daisy has a built-in battery level sensor, so it can notify you when the battery is running low and needs to be changed.
Current Prototype Size
~70 x 51 x 21mm
~2 x 2-3/4 x 0.8 inches
WiFi Module
IEEE 802.11 b/g
Security WEP, WPA, WPA2
Ultra low power
Certifications: FCC, ICS, CE, Wi-Fi Alliance
Output Control
To responsively and continuously control outputs, the device must stay in active mode where it consumes more power. Controlling relays also consumes substantial power. Due to these two factors, if you plan to control outputs or relays, external or USB power is highly recommended, otherwise, the battery life will be severely limited.
Communication
The WiFi module in the Daisy can be configured to communicate via TCP/HTTP or UDP. If for any reason you want to try the device with your own application or someone else's service, you are welcome to use our configuration utility to configure it to connect and post sensor data wherever you like.
Antenna
The Daisy WiFi comes standard with an internal antenna. If you prefer an external antenna, add $10. The Daisy comes with one or the other, not both.
Experimental Prototypes
This is a closer look at the experimental outlet we mentioned.
You can play with it and checkout the source at: http://live.daisyworks.com/outletDemo.html.
We've tested other use cases as well and we'll continue to do so. We plan to post those as updates.
It's almost time for you to vote, British Columbians!
The BC election is coming up on May 9, but that doesn't mean you should wait until the last minute to get organized. There are lots of things you can do right now to make sure your voice is heard when it's time to elect our provincial government. But first off, we need to figure out if you're even able to vote in this election.
You can if you:
are a Canadian citizen
will be at least 18 years old on May 9, 2017
have been a resident of BC for the six months before May 9, 2017, and
are not disqualified from voting
Once you've satisfied those, it's time to register. Here's why it's important and how to do it.
Registering saves time
You have to register before you cast your ballot, so do it now and save time on voting day. If you register now and make sure your information is up to date, you'll get a Where to Vote card in the mail that tells you exactly where and when you can vote.
It only takes a few minutes
Registering online is super easy – so easy that we did it in under four minutes.
All you have to do is visit Elections BC's online registration page and have your BC driver's license number or the last six digits of your Social Insurance Number. Then either register as a new voter or update your information.
Register by phone
If you feel more comfortable giving your info out over the phone, you can call Elections BC and register. Simply call 1-800-661-8683.
What next?
One of the things you can definitely do to prepare for an election is find out where you stand. Read up on the issues you care about, get to know the candidates, and learn more about the parties to gauge who you should vote for. There's still lots of time, so you don't have to make a hasty decision.
Following these steps to register will make the process a lot easier once election day approaches, and doing so makes it less likely that there will be surprises.
Elections BC is updating the voters list from now until April 11, so make sure you register today.
For more information on how to register and vote, visit Elections BC or find them on Facebook and Twitter.
Story highlights Analysts say airstrikes against ISIS could play into the hands of President Bashar al-Assad
U.S. military official: "I wouldn't characterize the effects we had last night as benefiting Assad"
NYT: Benefits to al-Assad may be most "morally troubling consequence" of Obama's plan
The Western-backed rebels are fragmented and not ready to take ISIS territory, experts say
The United States has inflicted damage on one enemy in Syria with the airstrikes it launched against ISIS. But it may also be helping another foe: the regime of President Bashar al-Assad.
Now, warplanes from the U.S. and Arab nations are pummeling the stronghold of ISIS, a group that has gained global notoriety for its brutal tactics and ruthless treatment of people who don't follow its extremist version of Islam.
But ISIS, which controls broad areas of northern Syria and Iraq, has also been racking up military victories against al-Assad's troops.
The Syrian regime may end up as "the real winner" from the expanded campaign against ISIS, said CNN Political Commentator Peter Beinhart.
JUST WATCHED First tweet of the Syrian airstrikes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH First tweet of the Syrian airstrikes 01:08
JUST WATCHED Iraqi PM: Happy Arab nations joined U.S. Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Iraqi PM: Happy Arab nations joined U.S. 01:09
The potential benefits to al-Assad from the airstrikes "may be the most dangerous and morally troubling consequence of President Obama's decision to cross the Syrian border to fight the Islamic State," The New York Times warned in an editorial Tuesday.
To try to prevent that, the Obama administration has to delicately navigate this minefield. Here are the challenges it faces:
1. Distance itself from al-Assad
The White House has been at pains to stress that the airstrikes took place without any cooperation with al-Assad's government, which has been fighting against rebel groups for more than three years in a vicious conflict that has killed around 200,000 people.
"I want to be very clear ... that we did not coordinate with them, we did not provide them advance notice of the timing or of targets that the U.S. was going to strike. In fact, we warned them to not pose a threat to our aircraft," Ben Rhodes, Obama's deputy national security adviser for strategic communications said Tuesday.
The only contact, he said, was U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power telling her Syrian counterpart that direct action was to be taken.
U.S. officials are also playing down the advantages of the airstrikes to the Syrian regime, although not very convincingly.
Map: Airstrikes in Syria
"I wouldn't characterize the effects we had last night as benefiting Assad," said Lt. Gen. William Mayville, director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
2. Quickly bolster moderate rebels
The big question is that if the airstrikes weaken ISIS' grip on northern Syria, who will step in and take that territory.
In his address Tuesday, Obama emphasized intensified U.S. efforts to train and equip more moderate Syrian rebels as "the best counterweight" to both ISIS and al-Assad.
But many analysts are skeptical that the rebels will be in a position to make major inroads anytime soon. Congress only approved Obama's request to arm and train "appropriately vetted" rebel groups last week.
Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – In this photo released by the U.S. Air Force, fighter jets fly over northern Iraq as part of coalition airstrikes in Syria on Tuesday, September 23. The United States and several Arab nations have started bombing ISIS targets in Syria to take out the militant group's ability to command, train and resupply its fighters. Hide Caption 1 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – A U.S. Navy jet is refueled in flight after airstrike missions in Syria on September 23. In addition to bombing ISIS, the United States has also taken action -- on its own -- against another terrorist organization, the Khorasan Group. U.S. President Barack Obama described Khorasan members as "seasoned al Qaeda operatives in Syria." Hide Caption 2 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – This photo, released by activists in Idlib, Syria, on September 23, shows what they say is the aftermath of U.S. airstrikes against ISIS. Hide Caption 3 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – Another aftermath image from the Idlib activists. Hide Caption 4 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – Obama, speaking at the White House on September 23, addresses the ISIS airstrikes. "The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America's fight alone," Obama said. Hide Caption 5 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – The USS Philippine Sea, a guided-missile cruiser with the U.S. Navy, launches a Tomahawk cruise missile from the Persian Gulf during an attack on ISIS positions on September 23. The U.S. Navy released this photo and several others following the airstrikes. Hide Caption 6 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – U.S. sailors stand on the bridge of the USS Philippine Sea while Tomahawk cruise missiles are launched toward targets in Syria on September 23. Hide Caption 7 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – The USS Arleigh Burke, a guided-missile destroyer with the U.S. Navy, launches Tomahawk missiles in the Persian Gulf on September 23. Hide Caption 8 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – An F/A-18C Hornet prepares to take off from the flight deck of the USS George H.W. Bush, a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf, before conducting strike missions against ISIS targets on September 23. Hide Caption 9 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – Tomahawk missiles fired by the USS Philippine Sea fly in the air above the Persian Gulf on September 23. Hide Caption 10 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – Two more U.S. fighter jets prepare to take off from the USS George H.W. Bush and conduct airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria. Hide Caption 11 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – This before-and-after image, provided by the U.S. Department of Defense, shows what is purported to be an ISIS command center that was targeted by airstrikes in Raqqa, Syria. Hide Caption 12 of 13 Photos: U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria U.S., Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria – The Defense Department also released this before-and-after image of a purported ISIS finance center in Raqqa. Hide Caption 13 of 13
JUST WATCHED What life is like inside ISIS stronghold Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What life is like inside ISIS stronghold 02:40
JUST WATCHED What weapons are U.S. using? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What weapons are U.S. using? 01:23
JUST WATCHED Pentagon: ISIS fight will take years Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Pentagon: ISIS fight will take years 04:23
Turning those groups into a force that can take on ISIS' feared fighters and al-Assad's military will take time. But the strikes against ISIS are happening now.
3. Manage a fragmented opposition
Experts say that the rebels fighting for the Western-backed Free Syrian Army (FSA) lack a unified leadership.
"Syria is a fragmented country, and most of these militias have a very town-centric quality. They're based on clan structures and regional structures," Joshua Landis, director of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma, said in an interview with WBEZ earlier this month.
"None of them have really developed a national scope, except for the Islamist ones, like al Qaeda and ISIS," he said.
The sheer number of different militias across Syria -- estimated in the hundreds -- runs the risk of turning Syria into a patchwork of warlord fiefdoms.
"If you just give them money without unifying them, you're going to get Somalia," said Landis.
4. Juggle unaligned objectives
Keeping the rebels on board with American military objectives is also fraught with difficulty.
The initial reaction from Syrian activists to the airstrikes Tuesday was a sense of relief that the U.S. had taken action against ISIS, CNN's Arwa Damon reported. But that was before it emerged that the strikes had also hit members of the al-Nusra Front , a terrorist organization that was nonetheless among the rebel groups resisting ISIS.
That news, along with reports of civilian casualties, soured the mood among the activists, Damon reported, with apprehension growing on the ground about what intentions of the U.S. and its allies have for Syria.
The focus on defeating ISIS may also be hard to stomach for many rebels.
"We have to remember, the FSA wants to destroy Assad, not ISIS," Landis said. "They will destroy ISIS if America makes it contingent -- they don't like ISIS. But their goal, from the beginning, has been to fulfill this revolution. If their only object is to kill ISIS, many of them feel the revolution will be dead."
5. Navigate the proxy wars
The picture is all the more complicated because of the web of competing interests in the Syrian conflict.
"Syria is the biggest, most complicated proxy war in modern history," said Rami Khouri, director of the Issam Fares Institute for Public Policy and International Affairs at the American University in Beirut.
Al-Assad's regime has strong ties to Iran, Russia and Hezbollah. Various rebel groups -- some moderate, some more extremist -- have received support from the U.S., Turkey, Saudi Arabia, European nations and others.
In a conflict with so many international powers jostling for influence, contradictions like American airstrikes potentially helping al-Assad's regime become hard to avoid.
"There is no simple black-and-white, linear answer," Khouri told CNN on Wednesday.
6. Prevent chaos from spreading farther
Some analysts have also questioned whether the West wants an outright victory of the rebels over al-Assad's forces.
"America is trying to contain this problem, it's not trying to blow apart the rest of Syria," Landis said.
He noted that many big Syrian cities under the control of al-Assad, like Damascus and Hama, have been spared the worst of the violence, leaving residents relatively undisturbed.
"If you have street to street fighting through the rest of Syria, there are going to be hundreds of thousands more refugees pouring out into Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey," Landis said. "And it's going to create a much greater stress on the neighborhood, which could cause their collapse."
The Syrian civil war has already driven more than 3 million refugees to flee across borders into neighboring countries.
7. Stay the course
The White House says the removal of al-Assad from power remains an objective.
"We continue to believe that lasting stability in Syria has to come through a political transition in which Bashar al-Assad leaves power and there is an inclusive governing authority that is formed in that country," a senior Obama administration official said in a briefing Tuesday.
"So long as you have a dictator who is brutalizing his people, you're going to have a much more difficult time reaching the political accommodation inside the country that is necessary for stability," the official said.
But al-Assad has shown no appetite for relinquishing power.
His government has voiced discontent that the airstrikes against ISIS took place without its permission. But officials from the regime have been suggesting for a while that American and Syrian government interests are converging.
Obama "would benefit a lot from cooperating with the Syrian government against terrorism because we have been truly fighting terrorism for the last four years," Bouthaina Shaaban, the political and media adviser to al-Assad, told CNN earlier this month.
With the campaign of airstrikes against ISIS set to go on, U.S. official will continue to be faced with such awkward assertions.
Ken Bone Now Has a Subreddit Dedicated to Him
Ken Bone, the lovable man who unwittingly became the star of the last US presidential debate, now has a Reddit forum dedicated to him as it becomes increasingly apparent that he is now the “Chewbacca Mom” of Q4 2016.
Bone, who became famous almost immediately after asking candidates Trump and Clinton a question about their proposed energy policies, has become an interest sensation since the event, with an abundance of memes sprouting up in his honor while his red sweater began selling out in stores across the US. The Ken Bone subreddit is steadily growing in popularity, too, with around 1,000 concurrent readers currently checking in to catch up on he the latest Bone news.
The subreddit has only been active for 3 days, but it is already gaining plenty of traction on the site, with subscribers referring to themselves as “Boneheads” while affectionately referring to their inspiration as “Ken Motherf***ing Bone,” branding him “the man who united America.” As you'd imagine, the subreddit mostly consists of photos and artwork of Ken Bone, including this delightful image he recently sent out to his supporters:
Then there's this poster, as created by user mjmccleary, intended to show support for the “uncommitted voter,” adding: “Not all heroes wear capes.”
It's difficult to ascertain exactly why Ken Bone has managed to attract such a large following. Although many will point to his sweater, his cuddly appearance or his nice mustache, the most reasonable answer is that the internet just decided that it would make a star out of Ken Bone, so it has. Considering that Chewbacca Mom made over $500,000 after her viral success earlier this year, we can imagine Ken's feeling pretty positive right now.
Top Image Credit: CNN
Watson's remarks ignited an uproar. He had to retire from his position as chancellor of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. Sold-out gatherings in his honor were cancelled. Academic centers uninvited him for lectures. His peers condemned him: “He has failed us in the worst possible way. It is a sad and revolting way to end a remarkable career,” said Henry Kelly, president of the Federation of American Scientists. His competitors debunked him: “Skin color as a surrogate for race is a social concept not a scientific one,” Craig Venter, the scientist who raced Watson to sequencing the human genome, said to the BBC in 2007. “There is no basis in scientific fact or in the human genetic code for the notion that skin color will be predictive of intelligence.”
Though outrageous, Watson's statements were not his first comments to create a public outcry. He had a history of making racist and sexist declarations, according to Time. His insensitive off-the-cuff remarks include saying that sunlight and dark skin contribute to “Latin lover” libido, and that fat people lack ambition, which prevents them from being hired. To many scientists his gravest offense was not crediting Rosalind Franklin—his female collaborator—with helping him deduce the structure of DNA (while often sharing his distaste in her appearance).
But now after many years, Watson's intellectual hubris has caught up with him and left him an “unperson,” he said to The Financial Times. “No one really wants to admit I exist.”
He said he is selling his prized medallion because he has no income outside of academia, even though for years he had served on many corporate boards. The gold medal is expected to fetch between $2.5 million and $3.5 million when it goes to auction Thursday, according to a statement from the auctioneers Christie's (Crick's medal, which was sold last year, went for $2.3 million). Watson said that he will use the money to purchase art and make donations to institutions that have supported him, such as the University of Chicago. But as Watson said, the auction will also offer him the chance to “re-enter public life.”
“I've had a unique life that's allowed me to do things. I was set back. It was stupid on my part,” he said. “All you can do is nothing, except hope that people actually know what you are.” For a man who revealed the twists of DNA, yet also insisted he's “not a racist in a conventional way,” this aspiration may not unravel the way he had hoped.
I'd like to ask you an important question, but before I do, I first need to explain something. This question depends on a concept called carrying capacity so I want to make sure you understand this term. Basically, carrying capacity is the maximum population of a given species that could survive indefinitely in a given area. Think of a forest with defined edges. Given the available food, water, habitat and other resources in that forest, how many deer could live there? This maximum population is the carrying capacity for deer in that forest.
Now let's consider rabbits in Australia. In 1859, 24 rabbits were successfully introduced by European settlers for game and to help the colonialists feel more comfortable in this strange land. With no natural predators, the rabbits did what rabbits are wont to do and it wasn't long before hunters could brag of shooting 1,200 rabbits in just a few hours. By 1996, Australia was estimated to be home to around 300 million rabbits and drastic measures such as anti-rabbit viruses and over 1,000 miles of fence (the infamous “Rabbit-Proof Fence”) were introduced with mixed results.
Without natural predators or other forces to keep a species in check, its population and consequent consumption will often grow beyond carrying capacity and move into what's called “overshoot” as in the following diagram from Rees and Wackernagel\'s Our Ecological Footprint:
It's important to understand, there are no bells that ring and no lights that flash when a population has exceeded its environment's carrying capacity. There's no booming voice of God yelling, “Watch out!” And that's too bad. Because beyond this point, a population moves into dangerous territory and risks topping out and crashing. If a population declines precipitously enough, it may even take down carrying capacity with it, so its numbers might never rebound to its former splendor. For example, as a herd of deer overshoots the carrying capacity of a forest, their preferred food becomes scarce and they may start browsing on acorns and saplings, thus diminishing the forest's ability to flourish.
Got it? Okay, good. So here's the important question…. Where do you believe humans are with respect to the carrying capacity of the planet Earth? Seriously. Where are we? Do we still have room to grow? Are we in overshoot and heading uphill? Are we at the top of the roller coaster looking down? Or are we in the midst of a crash? See if you can pinpoint where you believe humanity is on this curve at this moment in time. Recognize I'm talking about right now with our present technology and culture and about all of humanity, even though, of course, some of us are living larger than others.
I've done this exercise literally hundreds of times with groups ranging in size from 5 to 500. Often I will move my finger (or laser pointer) along the curve and ask people to give a quick clap when we reach that point where they feel we are. It's always fascinating to see how people respond. So, please feel free to share your ideas in the comments. In addition to where you think we are, I'm also curious how you made this determination? Was it just a gut feeling? Did you read something or watch a movie that led to your conclusion?
In my next post, I will offer some evidence that clarifies this question and further explore this question and what it means for creating a more sustainable future.
Thanks for your interest and please share your thoughts and questions in the comments.
A Drop in the Bucket: Mandatory Water Restrictions Coming to San Diego October 28th, 2014 at 10:00 am Tweet
An epic drought requires an epic response. The San Diego City Council approved groundbreaking water-use restrictions to go into effect on Nov. 1, 2014, that will dramatically affect all 1.3 million residents of America's eighth-largest city.
Voluntary conservation efforts began in July, but the San Diego residents must conform to the following new restrictions to curtail their water use or face escalating levels of fines other legal sanctions:
Limit watering lawns to three days a week
Limit watering to seven minutes per station during the cooler-weather months
Require using hoses with shut-off nozzles or timed-sprinkler systems to provide water to landscaped areas
Limit washing vehicles to before 10 a.m. or after 6 p.m.
Limit watering potted plants, vegetable gardens and fruit trees to before 10 a.m. or after 4 p.m.
Prohibit watering lawns or plants on rainy days
These restrictions will help reduce the demand on the already overtaxed water-storage facilities throughout the city and state. Most major water suppliers to San Diego are running at between 49 and 37 percent of capacity, and perhaps significant conservation along with a wet winter will help replenish the stores and get the region through the next dry season.
Until then, discover for yourself how easy it is to conserve water in San Diego.
Here's something to keep in mind as we head into the weekend: If Canada in fact slipped back into a recession, it's very likely over by now.
There's still an if as to whether we did. And if so, it was probably mild, unless you live in Alberta. And by all accounts, it would be over and done with, with better times ahead.
Don't take that to mean that things are great. Unemployment remains elevated, close to 7 per cent, and Canada will be lucky to eke out economic growth of, say, about 1.5 per cent this year.
As The Globe and Mail's David Parkinson reports, the R-word popped up again this week when Statistics Canada reported that the economy contracted in April by 0.1 per cent, a worse showing than what was expected.
That means Canada has now seen four straight months of contraction. And when all is said and done, the second quarter as a whole may have been negative.
After the first quarter's contraction of 0.6 per cent, that would fit the definition of a recession.
But remember that the second quarter ended on Tuesday, and we're now into a second half that the Bank of Canada and private economists believe will mark a rebound.
Something to keep in mind as you stroll around the corner this weekend for a double-dip ice cream.
Derek Holt, vice-president of Scotia Economics, for one, said this week that the “worst effects” of past oil shocks have been “short-lived,” along the lines of what Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz has said was a front-loaded hit.
“As Governor Poloz notes, the benefits of lower oil prices and an improving global economy eventually take over,” Mr. Holt said.
“Patience is required. Fleeting doesn't mean something that can be measured with the precision of the exact month, like why we didn't see a rebound in April. The second of the year is likely to get better than the first half.”
Many other economists agree, and they're not even sure at this point whether Canada indeed suffered a second-quarter contraction.
“We will need to see some big gains in May and June for the economy to just eke out a marginally positive reading in the second quarter of the year,” Diana Petramala of Toronto-Dominion Bank said in a report.
“This raises the risk of a second consecutive small quarterly contraction in Canadian economic activity.”
Like others, Ms. Petramala, too, sees a “strong” case for a rebound in the months ahead.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch has a notably harsh view of Canada's economy, believing it contracted again in the second quarter at a pace of 0.6 per cent.
Still, its forecasters also see a pick-up in the current and final quarter, of 1.7 per cent and 1.8 per cent, respectively.
“The impact of weaker oil prices has been swift and painful,” said North America economist Emanuella Enenajor, rates strategist Ruslan Bikbov and foreign exchange strategist Ian Gordon.
The Cities of Mars [Cavaliers of Mars]
Cavaliers of Mars, Open Development
And now, part two of our exploration of the world of Cavaliers of Mars. Part one is here, along with some introduction to the setting and a link to the free quickstart.
The Red Cities
What to say of the cities? After he bought me, my master brought me to Vance, where we lived modestly in a room above his favorite tavern. Despite his occasional protestations, I can think of no better place to have grown up. In Vance, the canals divide into a spiderweb of streams which serve as the city's streets. At night, a thousand colored lanterns light the channels. The city refuses to sleep. In those late hours, a handful of chits can buy almost anything, though one must watch one's purse closely. My master would often say that Vance is a city of thieves, yet I could say the same of any other city we visited. Perhaps it was the company we kept.
The Red Cities number some two dozen. Every one is located near some source of water. Thus, most are located along the canals, as Vance is. Yet there are a few outliers. Star-ruled Zodiac is an oasis within a great bowl of rock, which somehow traps the water from the pole with no need of canals. There, it even rains. In Ziggur, a place I shall shun and curse all my days, the people are rationed water that condenses within the atmosphere processor.
In any city, the majority of construction is stone and mud brick. Sometimes, this construction can be quite shoddy… my master told the story of being thrown through a third story wall in Chiaro.
Daily life is a struggle for all. No one is well-heeled enough to be certain where their next skin of water will come from. Every hand toils to earn food and water, whether attached to the arm of a laborer, a scribe or a sellsword. Still, better the cities than the sort of town I grew up in.
Traveling between cities can be difficult. Hire a boat down the canals, and you risk pirates. Desert thieves say the water pirates are soft; the two missing fingers on my master's left hand put the lie to that. Travel overland, and you risk the desert thieves, not to mention the desert itself.
Yet for all that, the journeys are worth it. Few of the city-states are truly self-sufficient, and anyone who can trade or steal commodities in one to sell in another stands to earn more than their share of water.
Ah, but how to buy that water, or the knife you need to earn it? Each city manufactures its own money, backed at some level or another by rations of food or water. Most use ceramic coins or chits, treated in some way as to challenge the skills of counterfeiters. In Vance, for example, an iridescent glaze is applied; a similar technique is used in Zodiac. Illium's coins give off a radium glow; I've used one to lure a mark down an alley on a dark, cold night.
The greatest quantities of both money and resources are naturally controlled by the upper classes, our supposed betters. Different cities have different aristocracies, ranging from Vance with its nobility of merchants and thieves to the theocracy of cursed Ziggur. Yet the divide between rich and poor is razor-thin, a fact of which every one of us is keenly aware. Thus, some of the wealthy are given to acts of extreme generosity, in the hopes that we will visit the same upon them should their fortunes turn.
In general, the people of Mars are given to grand gestures. We are keenly aware that we live in our planet's last days, and so we weep and curse and love openly and with abandon.
This is true of no one more than the rogues of the Red Cities, a fraternity of which I have sometimes been a member. Gamblers curse their luck with the names of forgotten gods, while bravos seek satisfaction of one another in the streets and taverns. A slight against a hired sword can find a man with a handspan of steel protruding from his back. These rough characters inhabit the lower class portions of town, but are sometimes hired by the upper crust as bodyguards and assassins. Many times my master was hired by a young noble to fight a duel in his place.
Next: The Peoples of Mars
Sketch Skywalker By The Senate on 2015-07-15 22:00:00 How many times have you doodled a Lightsaber or R2-D2 on the side of a page in a notebook? The newest set in Card Trader imagines those “marginal” drawings from a skilled artist's hand: this is Sketchbook!
This quirky set is filled with youthful wonder, imagination, and disregard for coloring inside the lines. If this doesn't inspire a trip to the art supply store, nothing will.
There are four parallels of Sketchbook: Purple, Green, Blue, and Red. Purple and Green are available in the Sketchbook Pack, while all four are available in the Sketchbook Master Pack.
The newest sketch is "Luke Skywalker” The odds are:
- Red – 500 printed, 1:50
- Blue – 2000 printed, 1:40
- Green – 4000 printed, 1:30
- Purple – 8000 printed, 1:15
Sketch your own galaxy, or collect this set today! Get to the Cantina!
I'm already hearing whispers especially from the antiwar libertarian hardcore that a strangely respectful and nuanced profile of the GOP Senate candidate from Kentucky via The New Republic's Jason Zengerle in GQ is giving them all the more reason to dislike or fear him. Here's the money graf on that point:
Ron Paul, in addition to his extreme views on the federal government, has been a harsh critic of the Republican Party's "military adventurism," and in the past Rand has faithfully echoed his father's views. He opposed the war in Iraq, once characterized the September 11 attacks as "blowback for our foreign policy," and scoffed at the threat of Iranian nukes. And yet here he was in Washington, seeking out a secret meeting with some of the Ron Paul Revolutionaries' biggest bogeymen. At a private office in Dupont Circle, he talked foreign policy with Bill Kristol, Dan Senor, and Tom Donnelly, three prominent neocons who'd been part of an effort to defeat him during the primary. "He struck me as genuinely interested in trying to understand why people like us were so apoplectic," Senor says of their two-hour encounter. "He wanted to get educated about our problem with him. He wasn't confrontational, and he wasn't disagreeable. He didn't seem cemented in his views. He was really in absorption mode." The following month, he met with officials from the powerful lobbying group AIPAC (the American Israel Public Affairs Committee), which has frequently clashed with Ron Paul over what the group views as his insufficient support of Israel. Paul, according to one person familiar with the AIPAC meeting, "told them what they wanted to hear: 'I'm more reasonable than my father on the things you care about.' He was very solicitous."
Unpromising indeed for those who love Rand's dad Ron's political bravery and sense on matters of foreign intervention. And I understand why that is infuriating to the extent that Rand is seen as some sort of gold standard for what "libertarian" or even "libertarian-leaning" is going to mean in American politics. But if you are just looking at him as a potential Senate candidate for the Republican Party, well, that means that maybe he'll be just as bad as every single other one of them on foreign policy. Disappointing, yes, but not infuriating.
More interestingly for the general "respectable framing" of Tea Party candidates (and as it's shaping up, and rightfully so, Rand is being framed far more as a Tea Party exemplar than a libertarian one) is how Zengerle, who is a one might have expected to flay the guy (he's the writer who broke and here repeats the one-day gossip tempest about some of Rand's college age silliness), both mostly goes out of his way to understand him, and even, as with the above stuff about his foreign-policy "normalization" in a Republican context, seems to be going out of his way to let potential Rand haters left and right have reason to relax about him.
His opening anecdote about Rand Paul being aloofly shunning around his fellow Republicans at a local fundraiser has to read admirably to all red-blooded Americans, I hope. Zengerle then spins Rand's primary victory, rightly, as being mostly about disgust with the regnant Republican establishment, another plus. Other examples from the piece that read like an implicit thumbs up to me:
there's a real worry within the power center of the GOP that Paul will take his seat and eventually throw all the happy party conformity into disarray. In July, Paul told the National Reviewthat he intends to form a "Tea Party caucus" in the Senate. "I think I will be part of a nucleus with Jim DeMint and Tom Coburn, who are unafraid to stand up," he said. "If we get another loud voice in there, like Mike Lee from Utah or Sharron Angle from Nevada, there will be a new nucleus." And therein lies the problem with the Tea Party candidates. The more they become an electoral force, the more the Republican establishment has to cater to them, and the more vocal and disruptive to the party's actual agenda they'll potentially become. It's one thing to oppose Obama; it's another to oppose legislation and threaten relationships that have been central to how the GOP does business. Paul doesn't support the military spending most of his fellow Republicans slobber over. He doesn't support handing out big fat prescription-drug benefits to private insurance companies. He doesn't support the earmarks that Republican senators, especially McConnell, use to curry favor with voters back home. And in a chamber where arcane procedural rules make it possible for a single member to gum up the legislative works, the presence of just one rogue Republican—much less a whole Tea Party caucus of them—could be enough to make the Senate Republicans finally seem as undisciplined and dysfunctional as the Democrats.
Again, what sensible American doesn't say hoo-damn-ray to that? And even an example of very radical Tea Party type rhetoric--not from Rand himself, but which he is called on to defend or distance himself from--gets a dancey response from Zengerle that on the one hand assures his liberal readers he still thinks Rand's a bit loopy, yet also mostly helps the reader see that there is a thoughtful point about the nature of our current debt crisis and its possible aftermath at play:
Just fifteen minutes earlier the candidate whom Paul came out to support was likening the current Speaker of the House to a former Soviet dictator, so I ask if he thinks that's what the press might be referring to when they say the Tea Party is extreme. He leans forward and smiles. "Well, I think whether or not your analogies are over the top, whether you might extend an analogy farther than others might, is not something to be reviled. It's just an opinion, you know?" He pauses for a moment, as if wondering whether he should say more, then gives in to the urge. "But I don't hear that and say, 'Oh, he's absolutely wrong.' I hear him and say that our country is slipping towards that, and there could be a time when we slip and lose a lot of our freedoms. I'll say things like that Ben Franklin statement: 'Those who give up their liberty for security will have neither.' I worry about a time when we would have chaos in our country and then a strong national leader would come along and say, 'Give me your liberty and I'll give you security.' Not that it's imminent or happening tomorrow or applies to any particular players on the stage, but there are historical examples." Paul pauses again, although this time it's not out of any hesitation on his part; he's just making sure we're still with him. "In 1923, when they destroyed the currency, they elected Hitler. And so they elected somebody who vilified one group of people, but he promised them, 'I will give you security if you give me your liberty,' and they voted him in. And that's not to mean that anybody around is Hitler, but it's to mean that you don't want chaos in your country. And we could have chaos, not just because of the Democrats, but because the Democrats and the Republicans have all been spending us into oblivion. And having a massive debt runs the risk of chaos at some point. Not tomorrow, maybe not next week—I mean, I can't even predict the stock market six months from now. But I think that a country is in danger that spends beyond its means and lives beyond its means. And I don't ever say it started with President Obama. I think it started long ago." It's an incredible performance, one that begins with a gentle distancing from a loony analogy before reframing the analogy to make it seem less loony, then introducing a new analogy that isn't just loony, it's repugnant, but that also, as the analogy gets fleshed out in greater detail, begins to reveal itself as conforming to a certain logic that might be worthy of debate—all before ending on a bipartisan, pox-on-both-their-houses note that makes it clear that no, he was not comparing Obama to Hitler.
That radical point--about the very dreadful things we historically know can happen when currency and debt problems explode--is one it will behoove libertarian and small-government thinkers to make, with nuance and intelligence, from now until our debt and currency problems seem on the way to a solution. Good for Rand for trying to do it--and good for Zengerle for not totally tearing him apart for doing so.
Zengerle even wraps up with an actual open acknowledgement that all this Tea Party stuff need not mean you are a complete goddamn hoot and a half moron, as lots of his imagined readership surely believes:
Unlike some of the prominent Tea Party leaders he's routinely lumped in with, Paul is not an idiot. When I asked a friend of his to characterize Paul's conversations with Sarah Palin, who provided him with an early endorsement, the friend replied: "Brief." Paul doesn't avoid the press because, like Sharron Angle, he's afraid of revealing his ignorance; rather, he does so because he's afraid he'll be unable to resist the temptation to prove how smart he is. "If you challenge him intellectually, he's incapable of letting it go," says one GOP consultant to whom the Paul campaign has reached out for advice. "I'm sure he's wonderful at dinner parties, but he can't be having a dinner party debate with Rachel Maddow on national television." In fact, it's easy to imagine that in Paul's heart of hearts, he'd much prefer being interviewed by a smart person who deeply disagrees with him, like Maddow, than a doofus with whom he's in superficial accord, like Sean Hannity.
The piece leaves me feeling about Rand Paul as I already did: not as good as his dad; likely better than every other Senator of his party. And it leaves me a little more sure that any success he has won't be successfully used to shame or marginalize the domestic limited-government movement writ large (except to the extent that it distances it from anti-interventionism, which remains lamentable).
An image of the website for the Holiday Inn Express in Hyattsville, Md.
The photo is beguiling: Pink clouds hover over the capitol building at sunset, stirring the hearts of visitors to the District of Columbia as they prepare to tour a city that stands as a symbol of democracy.
Except the photo, used on the websites of at least five Washington-area hotels, isn't a photo of the U.S. Capitol — it's a photo of downtown Madison, the capital of Wisconsin. And while Madison is, perhaps, no less beguiling or democratic than the District, it is more than 800 miles away from the banks of the Potomac River.
Websites for the George Washington University Inn, Avenue Suites Georgetown and One Washington Circle Hotel were among the hotels that displayed the photo. A spokeswoman for parent company Modus Hotels said the selection of the photo was an accident.
“The image was a result of human error when creating this new page. … Their website company was recently moving pages around and pulled the wrong photo for government pages,” according to an emailed statement.
Modus said it pulled the images after being contacted by The Washington Post.
An image of the website for the George Washington University Inn.
An image of the website for Avenue Suites.
An image of the website for One Washington Circle Hotel.
The image of Madison, it turns out, is a stock photo by Rudolf Balasko, a frequent documenter of vivid landscapes from Milwaukee to Hong Kong available for license.
Whether the error was the result of Wisconsin capitol building's resemblance to the U.S. Capitol or bad metadata, the cause wasn't clear. A spokesman for iStock, a company that licenses Balasko's image and many, many others to numerous publications, including The Post, pointed out that the image was correctly labeled within the iStock database.
Modus was not the only company seduced by Balasko's work. A Holiday Inn in Hyattsville also used the Madison photo, as did the Navy Yard Hampton Inn and Suites, as an eagle-eyed Redditor pointed out.
An image of the website for Navy Yard Hampton Inn and Suites.
“We've been in touch with the hotel and they are in the process of changing the photo on their local property website,” Ada Hatzios, a spokeswoman for IHG, the parent company for the Holiday Inn, said in an email. “The Holiday Inn Express Washington DC — BW Parkway is an independently owned and operated hotel.”
Hilton, the parent company of the Hampton Inn, did not respond to requests for comment.
Visitors to the District (and Madison) take note: D.C.'s got dibs. The first version of the U.S. Capitol building was completed in 1800, while the first version of Wisconsin's current capitol building wasn't completed until 1917.
This article contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. For an explanation of our Advertising Policy, visit this page
Everyone is talking about the government shutdown — the battle of partisan politics, the 800,000+ jobs that have been furloughed, the irritation of not being able to visit a national park. But what's going to happen to your investment portfolio?
It's tough to give a definitive answer to what's going to happen, but we can make some very educated guesses. Let's start with some history.
The History of Government Shutdowns and the Stock Market
Here are a few quick stats on the history of government shutdowns:
The longest government shutdown was the last shutdown in 1995 — it lasted 21 days.
The average government shutdown lasts for 6.4 days, the median shutdown has been 3 days.
And here's what happens to the stock market during these shutdowns:
Since 1981, the stock market is flat, on average, during government shutdowns.
In the weeks leading up to a government shutdown, the market is also flat — an average return of 0.3%, but a median return of −0.3%.
However, since 1981, the stock market has averaged returns greater than 2% after the shutdown ends.
Here's a history of the stock market and all government shutdowns from @andrewunknown on StockTwits:
How This Government Shutdown is Different
There are several reasons why this government shutdown is different than past ones. These reasons are what makes this shutdown scarier than past government shutdowns:
We Don't Have Strong Growth
First, we don't have the same corporate growth (and economic growth) that we had in the past government shutdowns. For example, in 1995, we were experiencing 8% EPS (earnings per share) growth rates, while this year has just been at 2%. Plus, that period of time saw one of the biggest bull markets in recent history emerge after the shutdown. It was the start of the tech bubble, and huge changes were occurring across the economy. In some ways, this could be what's happening now — huge economic changes ahead of a long-term bull market. However, earning growth is weak — which is scary.
The Reliance on Government Spending
Second, the economy is extremely reliant on government spending. Right now, money is flowing at a much freer rate than in the history of this country. With cheap money, and government aid for companies nationwide, the economy is more dependent on the government than at any time in the past.
For example, the federal funds rate was 5.50% in 1995 (during the last shutdown), and it's 0% now. In 1995, GDP growth was 2.5%, and it's the same this year — but it's taking a boatload of free money to achieve it. This just highlights that dependence on the government to keep the economy afloat.
Consumer Dependence on Social Welfare Programs
Finally, there are more consumers dependent on government social welfare programs than at any other time in history. From Social Security and Medicare, to food stamps and SNAP, consumers are more dependent on government programs than ever before. This is a direct result of the Great Recession, but also from the poor economic growth (and employment growth) that we've been experiencing.
This worries me for several reasons. First, many federal benefits have stopped being paid because of the shutdown. This will directly impact the pocketbooks of consumers, and could lead to even lower economic growth during the quarter (and even during fourth-quarter holiday spending). Second, even the benefits not directly stopped by the shutdown are the same benefits being debated on in Congress. This could result in them being ended in a compromise, and could further damage the economy long-term.
What Should Investors Do?
All of these things point to a government shutdown that will have a different long-term impact on the economy and stock market. I think there will be a much more negative impact from this shutdown, compared to past shutdowns, simply because this is just another gust in the perfect storm.
The perfect storm brewing for the end of the year includes these factors:
Low economic growth.
Tempered retail hiring and buying due to consumer spending fears.
The government shutdown.
The fiscal cliff debate.
I wouldn't be surprised if this shutdown, combined with the upcoming debate on the fiscal cliff, send the economy into an official recession. As such, investors should brace for the possibility of a recession.
This means several things:
Buy-and-hold investors should stay the course, and maybe invest more during a downturn.
Sector investors should look at consumer staples and utilities.
It may be a good time to lock in any gains you have for 2013.
How has the government shutdown impacted your investments? What do you see coming as a result?
President Obama visited Chandler, Arizona recently in order to give a speech at the $5 billion Intel Fab 42 plant under construction there. I live a short distance from Intel—co-founded, as we are incessantly told, by Andy Grove, an immigrant from Hungary—so I decided to go to see if there were any visible demonstrations either for or against Obama.
I have a personal interest in seeing how the public would react to Obama's Intel visit. I'm an engineer with many qualifications for working there. My test engineer background and semiconductor design experience should be in high demand—if Obama is right that there is a shortage of high tech workers.
But that hasn't been my experience. Except for a couple of short-term contracting jobs, I have found it nearly impossible to get interviewed at Intel. That company is far more interested in hiring cheap foreign workers than hiring local talent. (See this page to see how Intel gets away with hiring foreign workers even when qualified Americans are available).
When Intel first moved into Chandler, it promised, as part of a package of concessions from both the city and state, to emphasize hiring local people. Intel received its tax and environmental concessions—but never delivered on hiring local people.
My mission was to go to the Obama event to see if anyone was angry.
The first thing I saw as I approached the Intel plant complex [pictures, video] was a huge banner sign voicing support for—the DREAM Act! Admittedly, there were barely enough people to hold the banner up.
Most of the rest of the Obama supporters were carrying anti-Sheriff Joe Arpaio signs, or signs asking Obama to increase taxes on rich corporations like Intel. Plus there were noticeable numbers of lefties unhappy with Obama's war policies and a contingent of "Occupy" protestors.
Most of the the Open Border amnesty protesters were of Mexican descent. But a few were young, white, liberal college kids.
It didn't seem the whites were mingling with the Mexicans, perhaps because their issues weren't the same. Indeed, Obama supporters were generally all segregated into different groups, which is kind of ironic since they were all supposed to be liberals. Of course none of the young whites seemed to have a clue that the DREAM Act is anathema to their career futures.
For the most part, the Obama supporters seemed to be giving him weak approval conditioned on Obama's ability to fulfill their agenda items. There weren't the usual groupies who love Obama just because of his race.
The second group on the opposite corner: a sizeable crowd of anti-Obama protestors.
This anti-Obama crowd was much more numerous than the group of supporters. Which is a real turnaround: in the past, when Obama appeared in Arizona, his supporters vastly outnumbered his detractors. Hmmm.
The majority of the anti-Obama crowds were Tea Party supporters who didn't want Obama to raise taxes on anyone—apparently including Intel, although it receives very generous tax breaks for operating in Arizona. I hadn't seen so many Tea Party people in years. There was also a scattering of people who were there to support Sheriff Joe.
But one thing was notably absent from the anti-Obama crowd: the immigration issue [slide show]. There were a few protestors who wanted to stop illegal immigration, but their numbers were relatively small. My "Abolish H-1B" sign was the only one that tackled legal immigration. Which was particularly odd, considering that Intel imports enormous numbers of foreign workers—and that the Indian population growth in Chandler is provoking many conversations among neighbors.
Bottom line: Americans still simply don't make the connection between job loss and H-1B or other types of legal immigration.
I stood on the street and paraded around so that everyone could see my "Abolish H-1B" sign. I received a few quizzical stares, but nobody seemed interested in what my sign meant, or why I was there. There were plenty of TV news and newspaper reporters looking around, but they ignored me.
The only attention I got was from a 13-year old boy who took the trouble to ask me what H-1B is. As I was explaining it to him, his mother chimed in that her husband has said he is one of the only whites that still has a job at Intel. She was very concerned about the demographic shift that has occurred at Intel. But she didn't seem to understand that H-1B was one of the major culprits.
Obama's motorcade sped by very quickly as they entered the main entrance to Intel. Obama was not visible because he was hidden behind the dark windows on the presidential limousine. If he had a moment to notice anything, it would have been the large DREAM Act sign.
Two young black boys and their mother somehow wandered into our crowd. The boys, who were the only blacks I saw on either side of the aisle, said they came there to support Obama because he was the first black president.
Obama's speech [video] was shallow and devoid of content. He avoided talking about jobs, except when he was praising how many jobs Intel produces in the U.S. (No mention of who gets them).
Close to the end of the speech, Obama gave American kids a tongue-in-cheek warning that they need to be able to do math before they work at Intel. The transcript reveals one of the dumber jokes Obama used in his speech:
And we need to invest in education. [Applause.] We want tomorrow's workers — we want Arizona's workers — to have the skills they need for the jobs like the ones that will be opening up here. And I have to tell you, I've been to these plants at Intel — young people, you'd better have done some math before you get in here. [Laughter.) You can't just kind of wander in and you didn't do some math in school. (Laughter.) Remarks by the President at Intel Ocotillo Campus, Chandler, Arizona, January 25, 2012
Obama's joke is significant because it shows the disdain he has for Americans who get their education in the U.S. Obama seems convinced that young Americans just don't have what it takes to compete in the global economy.
Attending the Intel demonstration t makes it obvious that Obama has lost a lot of popularity. Even the lefties seem to be unhappy with him, on a variety of issues—including the fact that despite all the rhetoric, Obama still hasn't produced amnesty or stopped U.S. involvement in “nation-building” wars.
But still, Obama's misguided policies on immigration didn't seem to be a concern for his opponents at the Intel demonstrations, despite Obama's support for amnesty, attacks on the State of Arizona for its fight to enforce immigration policy, and his unwavering support of H-1B and green cards for foreign students.
Arizonans, whether liberal or conservative, still don't seem to connect Obama's immigration policies to the employment problem.
Conservatives, such as the Tea Party activists, seem every bit as clueless as the Open-Border lefties about the impact immigration has on their careers and livelihoods.
Both sides are oblivious to the fact that Intel imports large numbers of H-1B visa holders to take jobs that Americans are qualified to do.
And neither side seems to understand that Obama wants more visas to bring more foreign workers into the U.S.
The pessimistic interpretation: Americans are invincibly ignorant. The optimistic interpretation: they have not yet begun to fight—and still Obama is fatally unpopular.
Rob Sanchez (email him) is a Senior Writing Fellow for Californians for Population Stabilization and author of the "Job Destruction Newsletter" (sign up for it here) at www.JobDestruction.com.
To make a tax-deductible donation to Rob Sanchez, click here.
Defense industry stocks are soaring in reaction to a clean Republican sweep of the executive and legislative branches. But how much will President-elect Donald Trump's plan to rebuild the military actually cost? Given this will be a president who campaigned on the idea that the U.S. military should be focused on counter-terrorism as its most important mission, can this plan stay on track?
First, President Obama's defense plan is already $113 billion over the amended Budget Control Act spending caps for the next four years. Trump and the Republican Congress will need to repeal those legal caps and add that money before turning to their own priorities. Then, the foundation of Trump's own plan would require another $100 billion over the same four-year timeframe. Conservatively, that's about $55 to $60 billion extra per year over four years for the meat and potatoes of a military buildup. Adding in crucial smaller programs, accounting for weapons cost growth, and returning the entire force to adequate readiness pushes the real price tag even further upward to somewhere between an additional $250 to $300 billion over four years.
By comparison, the Budget Control Act has already cut $350 billion in planned military spending relative to the budget levels recommended by Secretary Gates in 2012. In a recent exercise, the American Enterprise Institute spent $1.3 trillion over ten years, but remained unable to match the Gates plan. The only limiting factor to the proposals below is the absorptive capacity of the defense industrial base.
For the Army, Trump wants an active-duty force of 540,000 soldiers — up from the current drawdown to 450,000 — which will cost about $35 to $50 billion during his term. Congressional and service support exists for such an expansion. Based on historical accession rates, a growth rate of 15,000 soldiers per year would be both responsible and possible. The size of the total bill would depend on whether the Army expands its purchases of new-model equipment, or if it outfits these new brigades with weapons mothballed from the postwar drawdown.
For the Navy, the president-elect also wants to build a 350-ship fleet — a long-term, bipartisan task. How could he accomplish this? The Pentagon could realistically buy back six canceled Littoral Combat Ships, add two amphibious ships, and purchase one extra attack sub over the next four years for about $15 billion. The most rational way to move toward 350 ships quickly would require the Trump administration to contract for another $60 billion in procurement beyond its term. This would require continuing production of two Virginia-class attack subs per year through the 2020s even as it builds new ballistic missile subs, adding a third destroyer every year and/or investing in a new cruiser, and purchasing about ten more hulls split between amphibious vessels, logistics ships, and small surface combatants.
In the Air Force, Trump wants to move the fighter fleet toward 1,200 combat-coded aircraft from its current inventory of 1,141, which will soon dip below the Congressionally mandated floor of 1,100. Doubling the F-35A build rate would be the quickest and most efficient way to do so. That would cost about $30 billion over four years.
Lastly, Trump plans to increase the size of the active-duty Marine Corps to 200,000 from the current target of 182,000. Such an end-strength add would require at least $12 billion over four years.
Trump's plans for the nuclear triad remain opaque. His emphasis on modernization could simply mean protecting current investments, which are already baked into Obama's budget outlook. Likewise, his advisers have not yet detailed how their focus on missile defense will manifest. This could range from a mere $3 billion investment in an east coast Ground-Based Interceptor site to tens of billions of dollars in missile defense-related spending on high-energy lasers, new Army point defense systems, and interceptor missiles.
Yesterday, our analysis based on the most likely outcomes in the election led us to believe that very little would change for defense spending in the near future. With Trump's winning the presidency and Republicans retaining control of Congress, the political dynamics shifted entirely. A repeal of the Budget Control Act and a substantial investment in the military now seem imminent. What remains to be seen is whether Republicans can pursue meaningful entitlement reform to render such a buildup sustainable. As a candidate who spoke favorably of leveraging debt, Trump could simply increase defense and infrastructure spending by increasing the debt. In that scenario, the sky is the limit.
Mackenzie Eaglen is a resident fellow in the Marilyn Ware Center for Security Studies at the American Enterprise Institute, where she works on defense issues. Rick Berger is a research associate at the Marilyn Ware Center.
Image: Gage Skidmore
The CW has released the official synopsis for “Raiders of the Lost Art,” the forthcoming midseason premiere for DC's Legends of Tomorrow, in which George Lucas plays a key role in the show's mythology.
Yes, really.
“Because of circumstances, the time aberration in episode 209 is George Lucas quits film school,” executive producer Marc Guggenheim said recently. “As a result, he never makes Star Wars or Raiders of the Lost Ark. As a result, Ray, who became an engineer because of Star Wars, and Nate, who became a historian because of Raiders, slowly start to lose their brilliance, because those things that inspired them to become who they are didn't exist.” Guggenheim said the episode will mark a turning point for the superhero series (for better or worse).
“We were watching a cut of it, and I said to Greg [Berlanti] that 209 is either going to be the episode where we'll say that the show found a new gear in terms of how zany it can be, or it's the episode that's going to get us all fired,” he joked. “It really is. You're laughing out loud, I think with it, but it's like, ‘Are we really doing this?' It's the '70s bar fight on steroids. The whole episode is that level of crazy.” You can check out the synopsis below.
LOST MEMORIES — When Damien Darhk (guest star Neal McDonough) and Malcolm Merlyn (guest star John Barrowman) try to capture Rip Hunter (Arthur Darvill) in 1967, they create an Aberration big enough to draw the attention of the Legends. However, when the team arrives they discover that Rip has no memories of his past due to “time drift” and is just a graduate film student. After trying to convince Rip of who he was, they discover that he possesses an incredibly powerful artifact known as the Spear of Destiny, which the Legion of Doom is after. Ray (Bradon Routh) and Nate (Nick Zano) realize that the Aberration has also affected them personally making it difficult to help the team. Meanwhile, Rory (Dominic Purcell) asks Stein (Victor Garber) for help and makes him promise to keep it a secret from the team. Caity Lotz, Franz Drameh and Maisie Richardson-Sellers also star. Dermott Downs directed the episode written by Keto Shimizu & Chris Fedak.
A week before Ms. Brainard of the Fed gave her speech on distributed ledgers, the chairwoman of the Fed, Janet L. Yellen, was asked about the technology at a congressional hearing. She said that “innovation using these technologies could be extremely helpful and bring benefits to society.”
The Fed has been pushed to act by the big banks that it regulates, many of which are experimenting with distributed ledgers as a way to settle trades and record data and transactions. Just last week, JPMorgan Chase said it was moving toward a public release this year of its “enterprise grade” blockchain.
Image Making a payment with Bitcoin. Credit Arnd Wiegmann/Reuters
Most financial institutions and central banks are looking at distributed ledgers that would be maintained on the computers of all the major players in the financial system, including the central bank and the biggest financial institutions.
In the systems being discussed, each player in the system would communicate with all the others anytime money moved in the system, allowing everyone to update the ledgers on their computer systems simultaneously. This would provide multiple backups if the central bank's computers came under attack. It would also hypothetically allow them to complete transactions much more quickly, and would make it easier to spot rogue actors.
Eric Piscini, who oversees work on blockchain by the consulting firm Deloitte, said that a year ago, central banks were looking at the technology mostly because they wanted to understand what private banks were talking about.
Now, he says, the central banks are embracing the technology to revamp their own infrastructures.
At the headquarters of the Netherlands' central bank in Amsterdam, Ron Berndsen set up five laptops to run an experimental virtual currency, derived from the Bitcoin software. The coins issued in the system were nicknamed Dukatons, after a 17th-century silver coin used in the time when the Netherlands was a part of the Spanish Empire.
Mr. Berndsen operated the Dukaton system for three months to see what would happen if the central bank were setting the rules and did not have the same limits as Bitcoin. While the experiment was a success, he is now thinking much bigger and is in constant conversation with other central bank officials who are looking at ways to put their own currencies on distributed ledgers.
The Tennessee Titans tried once to spend a high draft choice on a wide receiver to match with Marcus Mariota, and Dorial Green-Beckham was traded after only one season.
John Ross would be thrilled to be the Titans' second such try.
Following visits last week with the Cleveland Browns and Baltimore Ravens, Ross' third trip will be to the Music City to visit the Titans. And he's very much looking forward to renewing an old acquaintance in Mariota.
"He's one of my favorite quarterbacks ever. When (Washington) played Oregon, he was doing things I'd never seen before in person. I would love to catch balls from Marcus," Ross said. "We're both young, we'd be able to grow together."
Green-Beckham was the Titans' 40th overall pick (second round) in 2015, selected a day after they took Mariota at No. 2 overall. This year, Tennessee holds the Nos. 5 and 18 picks in the first round, the second of which is in the range of draft projections on Ross. NFL Network analyst Charley Casserly, in fact, projects the Titans to make the Mariota-Ross connection a reality. As a high school recruit, Ross took an official visit to Oregon in October of 2012. His host? None other than Mariota.
"That was the only time I've ever talked to him, but I got a great first impression from him," Ross said. "He was a really good dude. He was humble and quiet, so he reminded me of myself. It would be great to talk to him again."
If the Titans want to make it more than just talk, Ross is all for it.
Charles Evers, the brother of murdered civil rights leader Medgar Evers, is endorsing Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE for president.
“I believe in him first of all because he's a businessman,” Charles Evers said, according to The Clarion-Ledger. "I think jobs are badly needed in Mississippi."
Evers's brother, Medgar Evers, was assassinated in Jackson, Miss., in 1963. His killer wasn't convicted of the murder until 1994, after multiple trials.
ADVERTISEMENT
Charles Evers defended Trump, saying his tough immigration stance does not make him racist.
“I haven't seen any proof of him being a racist,” said Evers. "All of us have some racism in us. Even me.”
He said Trump was a "fair" businessman who respects merit over race.
He also praised Trump's religious faith and said he hopes to meet him in person during a Monday rally in Madison, Miss.
Charles Evers, 93, also has a storied history in Mississippi's civil rights movement, according to The Clarion-Ledger.
He served as the state's field secretary for the NAACP, and became the first black mayor in Mississippi post-Reconstruction when elected in the town of Fayette.
Charles Evers became a Republican in 1980, inspiring national news headlines by endorsing Ronald Reagan for the presidency, according to the paper.
Mississippi's GOP presidential primary is next Tuesday. Trump leads by 24 points there, according to a Magellan Strategies poll released Monday.
More than 1,000 miles of rivers and sloughs lace the 500,000-acre delta, where 57 major reclaimed islands are ringed by more than 1,100 miles of aging levees. Here in the upper delta, the least urbanized area of the region, small towns invariably described as sleepy dot winding levee roads. There are family-owned general stores and no chain stores. Old Victorian houses belonging to farm owners can be seen from the levees, as well as encampments for the migrant workers during harvest. Vestiges of ethnic groups that built the levees or farmed the delta can be found in this area's fading Chinatowns and Japantowns, reinforcing the impression of an earlier time.
In Courtland, population 355, there is anxiety that the tunnels will threaten that way of life.
“That's our rub,” said Chuck Baker, a pear farmer who like others here accused government officials and people in the south of “stealing our water.” “They want to take these islands and the way we've existed for 150 years.”
In his living room on a recent morning, Mr. Baker and his wife, Joy, displayed daguerreotype photographs of ancestors who came here from Ohio during the Gold Rush of the 1850s. They first grew melons and pumpkins, panning for gold during the months when the delta's islands were flooded. Eventually, with other farmers in a newly created reclamation district, they employed Chinese laborers to build the levees that remain today. Fresh water from the Sacramento River and the myriad sloughs allowed them to irrigate their farms.
Like other farmers, the Bakers' ancestors quickly found out that the delta's rich soil, coupled with the cool delta breeze that blows in at night, was ideal for growing Bartlett pears.
Photo
The Gold Rush brought a pear rush here. David Elliot, an ancestor of the Elliots, another old pear farming family here, imported the first Bartlett pear trees from France during the Gold Rush. Some of those trees survive on the family's land on Randall Island and still produce pears.
“It's a special feeling that I'm picking from the same pear trees that my father did and that his father did,” said Richard Elliot Jr., 25, the sixth generation in the family business.
Over lunch at Courtland Market, the general store where much of the town's life gravitates, he and his brother Ryan, 22, said that like their peers in other longtime pear farming families, they were attached to the strong sense of community in the delta towns.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ryan Elliot, who played football in high school, said he briefly dreamed of leaving Courtland to pursue football in college and then possibly a career in professional football. In his early teens, he said, he resented having to work on the farm during summer vacations, but he grew to love pear farming.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I really dug into it probably toward the end of my high school years,” said Ryan, who is majoring in fruit science at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. “I think I just came to the understanding of what this all is and what we exactly do here.”
Increasing salt water would have the greatest impact on farms in the delta south of here. But two of the water intake stations could be built near the Elliots' Victorian home and a 200-acre farm that they acquired two decades ago and diversified with cherries and apples.
“It's all developed now, and we're just waiting for everything to come on, and now they want to take it from us,” said Richard and Ryan Elliot's father, Richard Sr.
“This is just a lovely place to live,” he said. “It's kind of secluded. It's quiet. We've always been kind of left alone until now.”
Busy with managing the harvest, Mr. Elliot missed the pear fair this summer, though his family made it. His wife, Rebecca, recalled that Ryan won the pear pie eating contest when he was 5 or 6.
As the midday sun began to reach its full power, Ms. Elliot watched the pear parade from a folding chair with her daughter Rachel, the 2010 pear fair queen, sometimes sitting on her lap.
The grand marshals, Doug and Cathy Hemly, the head of another old pear farming family, sat inside large carts pulled by a red tractor. “Courtland,” read a yellow handwritten sign on the side of the cart, “is in pearadise.”
Jeffrey Lord, the indefatigable defender of President Trump whose advocacy turned him into an unlikely political celebrity, was fired by CNN on Thursday after a convoluted Twitter exchange in which he evoked — mockingly, he said — a Nazi salute.
Mr. Lord received the news by telephone while on his way to CNN's Manhattan studio in a town car provided by the network, which ferried him from his home near Harrisburg, Pa.
After Mr. Lord, 66, learned that his contract had been severed, the car turned around. “I didn't have to walk; I thanked them for that,” he said in a telephone interview from the road.
While Mr. Lord was often castigated by critics for his relentless lobbying on Mr. Trump's behalf — he was once rebuked on air by Anderson Cooper in particularly crude terms — it was a social media squabble that led to his ouster.
Nine months after the last pullout of U.S. troops, Iraq's oil production is growing so rapidly that world markets now are looking to Baghdad to play a major role in keeping global oil flowing and moderating prices in the years ahead.
But the International Energy Agency (IEA), while forecasting Tuesday that Iraq could add more than any other nation to global oil supply in the coming years, warned that the country faces major challenges due to uncertainty in governance, deteriorated infrastructure, and insufficient water supply. The Paris-based agency, focused on maintaining world energy security, said the global economy would suffer if Iraq cannot overcome the obstacles in its path.
"We all have an interest in Iraq realizing its potential and revitalizing its economy," said IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven, at a news conference in London to unveil the agency's Iraq forecast.
Rich in Oil Assets
IEA's Iraq Energy Outlook comes just weeks after the agency's figures confirmed that Iraq had made staggering progress in rebuilding its oil production, reaching output of 3 million barrels per day (bpd), its highest output since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 that toppled Saddam Hussein. Iraq now has surpassed Iran as OPEC's second-largest producer for the first time since the 1980s.
The report forecasts that Iraq will double its oil production to 6 million bpd by 2020, and will ratchet its output to 8 million bpd by 2035. Among all oil exporters, Iraq in 20 years' time will vault past Russia from third to second place, behind only Saudi Arabia, says IEA. The agency expects Iraq single-handedly to provide 45 percent of global production growth between now and 2035.
Iraq is "very, very rich" in energy assets, said Fatih Birol, IEA chief economist and the report's main author. Iraq benefits from having some of the lowest production costs in the world and "easy geography," he said.
But the challenges are great. The report noted the conflict between Iraq's federal and regional governments over governance and the legal framework that will dictate the operations of the numerous foreign companies that are engaged in the rebuilding effort. Iraq needs to overcome storage and transportation bottlenecks while building a larger and better-trained workforce capable of operating the drilling rigs. Insufficient water supplies are a problem, because water is needed to pump oil from the ground.
Its oil and gas fields and ports have deteriorated over the years due to war, neglect, internal conflict, and international sanctions. Between now and 2035, the report said, the war-torn country will have to invest more than $530 billion in infrastructure to reach the forecast production levels. One bright spot: That's an amount that growing oil revenues should easily cover, IEA said. (See "Pictures: Oil States: Are They Stable? Why it Matters")
Causes for Pessimism
The report marked the first time that the IEA has conducted a comprehensive review of the energy sector of any major Middle East producer, underscoring Iraq's growing importance on the world energy scene. The IEA, founded in the wake of the Arab oil embargo of the early 1970s, is an independent organization through which 28 member nations work to improve world energy security.
Although the IEA expects Iraq to play an outsized role in stabilizing the global oil market in the years ahead, its projected production levels are in fact half those forecast by the Iraqi government. Earlier this year, the government said its exports had jumped by 20 percent, and it predicted it would be producing 10 million bpd by 2017.
Birol stressed that his team received cooperation from Iraqi officials, but "we have different views" on production forecasts. Van der Hoeven said the IEA and Iraqi officials were in complete agreement on how much oil and gas it could be producing. "The question is how much time it takes to exploit it," she said. The IEA said its conservative timeline is more realistic. If Iraq met its challenges more quickly than anticipated, the IEA said, it could ramp up production to 9 million bpd by 2020, an amount closer to what the government estimates, but not quite as optimistic.
But the IEA warned that if Iraq failed to meet its challenges as quickly as it should, it might produce only 5 million bpd by 2035—nearly 40 percent short of forecast. If that worst-case scenario should develop, Birol said, the pain would spread far beyond the Iraqi economy: "It would be bad news for global oil markets." Those markets, he said, "would be set on a course for troubled waters." Van der Hoeven noted that worldwide demand for oil is rising. "Where is the additional supply going to come from? It's tough to answer that question without Iraq."
Currently, half of Iraq's exports go to Asia, and the other half to the rest of the world, the report said. But it won't be long before Asia will be taking 80 percent of Iraqi exports, with China accounting for most of that flow, or about 2 million bpd. Some 30 percent of Iraq's production now comes from fields that are either directly operated by China or are co-owned by Chinese companies.
The report said Iraq should use oil revenues to diversify its economy, which it said it too dependent upon petrodollars. Fully three-quarters of Iraq's GDP last year came from oil exports, a higher percentage than in any other country that's considered a major producer. In neighboring Kuwait, for example, oil revenues account for 55 percent of GDP, and they are 52 percent of GDP in Saudi Arabia. Fully 95 percent of Iraq government revenues come from oil production. "Oil is the cornerstone of the Iraqi economy," Birol said. The IEA estimates that Iraq's oil and natural gas export revenues should total $200 billion a year, for a total of $5 trillion between now and 2035. Oil and gas offer "an opportunity to transform the Iraqi economy," he said. Oil revenues, he said, could be a "solid foundation for a prosperous and modern Iraqi economy." (See "Pictures: Eleven Nations With Large Fossil-Fuel Subsidies" and Interactive Map: "Fossil-Fuel Burden on State Coffers")
Natural Gas Untapped
The IEA also found that Iraq's natural gas reserves offer huge potential; they have not been fully utilized, however, and new fields need to be developed. Birol noted that 60 percent of gas produced in the south of the country is flared. (See related blog post: "As Iraq's Oil Boom Progresses, So Does Gas Flaring") That's a waste, he said, especially because the nation's electrical generation is not meeting demand. The report said that Iraq could be producing 90 billion cubic meters (bcm) of natural gas by 2035—up from about 10 bcm in 2010—which would make it the world's sixth-largest producer.
While it will be up to the Iraqi government to decide how best to use that gas, the IEA said it would be better for the country's economy if initially most of it were used domestically. IEA said Iraq's electricity shortfall should be eliminated by 2015, and it noted that Iraq plans to quickly replace oil-fired power plants with gas-fired ones. "That should help, from an economic point of view," Birol said. But Iraq also has vast gas export potential, and could one day be supplying Europe via pipeline, and Asia by shipping liquefied natural gas.
Iraq still is facing sectarian violence, including gun attacks and bombings. But van der Hoeven said security in the oil-producing areas was better than in Baghdad, the capital. She also acknowledged that while outside crises in the region—an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities by Israel, or a widening of the Syrian civil war—could affect Iraqi oil and gas exports, such short-term possibilities were not within the scope of the report, which took a longer term look at Iraqi production. (Related story: "As Squeeze Tightens on Iran, Fuel Prices-for Now-Reflect Calm") Because of U.S.-led sanctions over its nuclear program, Iran's oil output has been falling drastically, but van der Hoeven and Birol said they could not predict what the effect on Iraq would be if Iranian production rebounded.
Van der Hoeven said Iraq's growing oil and gas revenues would undoubtedly shift the economic balance of power in the region. "But how," she said, "I cannot say."
While President Obama was not entirely certain in his message coming out of discussions with the Senate Democratic caucus, it's hard to see the Senate actually faltering at this point. Sherrod Brown is still on the bill, however grudgingly. Al Franken told me, referring to reconciliation, “I've always said I support getting folks affordable accessible health care coverage. I'm less concerned about the tactics to get there than I do the result. That said, I believe we'll have 60 votes and I believe we'll pass this historic piece of legislation the traditional way.”
Bernie Sanders called the removal of the public option “disturbing,” but ultimately he's likely to be there in the end along with the rest of the caucus. With Olympia Snowe unlikely to support the bill under the preferred timeline, they will all be needed. So if anything, the bill will get worse from this point in the Senate. Especially because the AARP and other groups like the SEIU are locked onto cloture, and if the public option didn't wave them off, nothing will.
Outside the Senate, leaders are slowly coming out against the bill. From the point of opinion leadership, Howard Dean will come out later today and say that Democrats should kill the Senate bill.
“This is essentially the collapse of health care reform in the United States Senate. Honestly the best thing to do right now is killed the Senate bill, go back to the House, start the reconciliation process, where you only need 51 votes and it would be a much simpler bill.” …Dean essentially said that if Democratic leaders cave into Joe Lieberman right now they'll be left with a bill that's not worth supporting.
But Dean is not alone in this opinion. The leaders of the Congressional Progressive Caucus in the House are saying basically the same thing. Raul Grijalva said today that he wouldn't support the bill if it's not fixed in conference, and added “since the Senate won't use reconciliation, which only requires 51 votes, it doesn't look promising for any real change.”
Lynn Woolsey went further on MSNBC right before President Obama spoke, saying that the lack of a public option will threaten Democratic efforts in 2010, and that “I don't know that I could vote” for the Senate bill, which she said woud not accomplish competition to the private insurance companies. Woolsey even brought up the most nettlesome problem for those who want to pass this bill, taking direct aim at the individual mandate:
No, insurance regulations are not enough. We should have a bill that includes all of that, but don't call it health care reform, call it insurance company reform. We should have done that years and years ago, but at least we've stepped up to at least talk about it. But with all that in there, and the idea that the premiums can skyrocket, no what have we accomplished? We've told everybody they get to have health insurance, in fact they must have health insurance, but they won't be able to afford it.
This is a very dangerous problem for the health care bill. . . The individual mandate, especially when explained in the way Woolsey did, is deeply unpopular. People are not aboard with handing over cash, by force of law, to private companies. This is something that unites a number of factions on the bill. Dave Johnson put this best:
“Most other countries provide health care as a right – a core function of government. But here privateers have seized it for themselves for profit. So to maintain this, to keep taxes low for the rich and keep the profits privatized we are ordered to buy it from companies instead of having it provided as a government service. This is the battle between democracy and corporatization.”
There is an argument to be made that the individual mandate is bad policy and bad politics, and yet it undergirds all of the other deals made with stakeholders on health care. Without the mandate, insurance companies won't take all comers. And if the insurance regulations disintegrate, you really have nothing.
Expect a sustained assault on the individual mandate over the next few days.
A tactical shift is noticeable in Russia's policy toward Ukraine. The Kremlin has adjusted its rhetoric, and Russian diplomacy its terminology. They seem to suggest that Russia is restraining its territorial and political objectives in Ukraine. In parallel, Russia is suspending offensive military actions by its own and proxy forces in Ukraine's Donbas (region encompassing the Luhansk and Donetsk provinces) (see accompanying article).
During the month of November, Kremlin-controlled television channels wound down their previously intense propagation of the “Novorossiya” project (see EDM, May 27). Russian President Vladimir Putin had not mentioned Novorossiya and “statehood for Ukraine's South-East” since the end of August, but the propaganda outlets persisted longer. The Novorossiya project's political, military, and ideological exponents have been switched off by now. The Kremlin had coopted most of them from the nationalist opposition milieu in February, used them as temporary allies for some months, and has relegated them to obscurity again. Many high-level establishment figures bandwagoned with that project on the Kremlin's orders, but have evidently been ordered to de-bandwagon by now.
President Putin's annual address to Russia's bicameral parliament on December 4 did not mention Novorossiya, the Donetsk and Luhansk “people's republics,” or Ukraine's “Russian-speaking population.” Putin's address no longer attempted to subsume the Ukrainian nation to an all-encompassing Russian nation in the spirit of Tsarist-era nationalists. Instead, Putin's address made a reference to the “fraternal Ukrainian people” in the Soviet-era spirit (a different way of implying a Russian droit de regard). Putin confined himself to justifying Russia's seizure of Crimea from Ukraine. He defined possession of Crimea as sacred to Russia in sheer religious terms, as if to underscore that Russia rules out any international discussion of the matter (Interfax, December 5).
Does all this imply that Russia accepts (at least on paper) the territorial integrity of a “Ukraine minus Crimea?” And could this serve (at least tacitly) as a basis for the West to negotiate with Russia a settlement of the “Ukraine crisis,” on assumptions that Russia would not violate mainland Ukraine's territorial integrity?
At the latest Valdai Club meeting, Putin had argued yet again that Ukraine was a “composite state,” implicitly questioning Ukraine's title to territorial integrity (Interfax, October 24). Since then, however, the Kremlin has tactically adjusted its policy (see above) and Putin, correspondingly, his terminology.
During the G20 summit in Brisbane, Putin told British Prime Minister David Cameron that Russia's solution for Ukraine is the “restoration of a single political space” (Interfax, Financial Times, November 16). Putin then told German public television (directing this remark at Chancellor Angela Merkel) that internal reconciliation in Ukraine should result in “preservation of a single political space” (ARD Fernsehen, Interfax, November 17). Putin repeated that formulation for the visiting French President Francois Hollande in Moscow: “As you all know [sic], Russia supports the restoration of a single political space” in Ukraine (Interfax, December 8).
That formulation has apparently reassured some Western diplomats, who equated it with territorial integrity. The two are far from interchangeable, however; and a space is not a state in this (or any) context.
A “single political space” (yedinoye politicheskoye prostrantstvo) was a concept employed by Russian diplomats more than a decade ago, during Russian-mediated talks to settle the conflicts on the territories of Moldova and Georgia. It signified a constitutional settlement of a federal/confederal nature between the recognized state and the would-be secessionist statelets (Transnistria, Abkhazia, South Ossetia), implying for the recognized state its partition in all but name. The proposed constitutional settlement was to be a contractual one, between the recognized state and the Russian-protected statelets, not proceeding from the recognized state's territorial integrity, but implying its lapse and a “restoration” (hence this term) of a “single political space.” Russia, the statelets' protector, was to become a guarantor power of the overall constitutional settlement.
Following the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's (OSCE) year-end meeting in Basel, Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergei Lavrov called on “Kyiv, Donetsk and Luhansk” to negotiate toward the “restoration of a single political space” in Ukraine. Beyond the Donbas, according to Lavrov, Ukraine's constitution should be “deeply reworked,” as a “contract” among Ukraine's regions and ethnicities. “We [Russia] will work to ensure that this obligation is implemented”; implying an oversight or arbitration role for Russia (RIA Novosti, December 9).
Apparently, Moscow advisors have reached into the archives and recommended a recycling of the single-space formula for Ukraine. This would be in line with Russia's proposals to “federalize” or “confederalize” Ukraine. Applying this solution to a Russian-controlled Donbas, with a likely chain reaction beyond Donbas, would imply Ukraine's partition or fragmentation in all but name.
R. Kelly's Trapped In The Closet is the single greatest cultural artifact of the 21st Century to date. And at last, mere mortals like you and I can be involved in this incredible hip-hopera, thanks to Jeremy Penner's Lasertube project (found via FreeIndieGam.es). Your role is simple – click on Mr Kelly's face whenever he sings ‘oh shit' or assorted other foul language, otherwise the game will end.
Ssh, ssh, ssh you don't need to understand why. You just have to do it. The show must go on. It's just a terrible shame that, so far, it only covers the recap, not the full 22 part saga of Kelly's rap Wheel of Time.
If you are somehow unware of Trapped In The Closet, then oh boy am I about to improve the quality of your life a thousandfold.
Caution, by the way – Omar comin'.
Oh, shit.
And chapters 23 and onwards are coming later this year.
Oh, shit.
Nearly half of GOP insiders in key battleground states — many of whom will be in attendance — believe there's a good chance violence will break out around next week's Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
That's according to The POLITICO Caucus: a panel of swing-state operatives, activists and strategists. Forty-eight percent of Republican insiders said the odds are high that there will be violence at the convention that is likely to nominate Donald Trump, compared with 52 percent who thought the convention would be a mostly peaceful affair.
Story Continued Below
“Given the tenor of the campaign trail so far this year, coupled with rising social unrest, it is bound to spill over,” said one Iowa Republican, who, like all respondents, completed the survey anonymously. “It's really more a matter of how bad it will get.”
“The reaction and counter-reaction to the resurgent identity politics gripping the country's politics make at least some clashes and mayhem a near certainty,” added a North Carolina Republican.
For the GOP insiders most concerned about violence in Cleveland, many cited protest groups tied to liberal causes, like the Black Lives Matter movement. Nearly a half-dozen Republicans mentioned the Hungarian-born billionaire George Soros, who is a prolific donor to liberal causes. But few thought violence would ensue from an effort to fight Trump's nomination on the convention floor.
“It's simply too big of a target for the malcontents and violent left to miss,” said an Iowa Republican. “George Soros' money will pay for thousands of disaffected screaming thugs. Think Seattle [1999], Chicago 1968. Riots and looting. They are the tools of the liberal left.”
“I say this with no joy whatsoever,” a Republican in the host state of Ohio added, “but the far-left agitators in Cleveland will make the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago look like a fourth-grade slap fight.”
“Cleveland is a rough town in the first place,” added another Iowa Republican, who warned against the “professional lefty protesters and anarchists” in town for the convention. “[G]iven the mood of the country the last three weeks, someone is gonna get hurt.”
Most of the Republicans who think the convention will be mostly peaceful said law enforcement would have things under control, and the shootings in Dallas last week that killed five police officers would temper any kind of violent protests.
“I am in Cleveland as I write this,” said a Colorado Republican. “Could there be some violence? Sure. But the protesters I've seen (and interacted with) are paid. They have been flown here by organizations looking to foment unrest. At the end of the day, most of them are college kids who won't have an appetite for an actual confrontation with the considerable law enforcement presence here.”
Added a New Hampshire Republican: “Cops getting shot has a chilling effect on those who might have thought about aggressive protesting.”
While most of the Republicans who were worried about violence placed the blame on protesters whom they mostly dismissed, a number did say that Trump bears some responsibility for the threats of tumult in Cleveland. One Michigan Republican said Trump “invites violence.” A Pennsylvania Republican said he “invites chaos.”
“Tensions are high,” added an Ohio Republican. “Trump is explosive.”
Insiders mostly trust public polling in their states.
Swing-state polls this week are all over the map, but insiders in those Electoral College battlegrounds say they still trust the public pollsters to get it right much of the time.
Sixty-eight percent of insiders from both parties said the public polling in their state is mostly accurate. Just 32 percent said those public surveys are not very accurate.
Still, there are important differences from state to state, and the comments from insiders in a number of the Caucus states were instructive:
In Colorado, one Democrat cast doubt on a Monmouth University poll released earlier this week: “[Hillary] Clinton is up 13 points in a Monmouth poll out this week; that seems ambitious. We think she is up by 5-6 points and still needs to work hard to maintain a winning margin.” (An NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll out Friday, after our Caucus participants had filed their responses, showed Clinton's lead at 8 points.)
Multiple Republicans in Florida said a Quinnipiac University poll this week showing Trump with a 3-point lead seems overly optimistic for the presumptive GOP nominee. Two Republicans volunteered that they thought the poll is an “outlier.”
“My state is particularly complicated to poll, and most outside groups aren't careful enough with subgroups and regional breaks, which is why public polls are all over the place,” added a Florida Democrat. “I wish they'd ban the damn things.”
Nevada is one of the hardest states to poll, according to insiders in both parties.
Seventy percent of the voters “are in one county, and that county has the highest cellphone-only rate in the country,” said one Republican there. “The place is dotted with big employment centers that operate 24 hours a day, so there isn't a good time to call to reach a considerable demographic.”
A Democrat cited Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid's relatively easy victory over Republican Sharron Angle in 2010, despite entering Election Day with a small deficit in the polls. “Polling in Nevada is notorious for sucking,” the Democrat said.
Another Democrat said the state is “hard to poll” but added that this week's Monmouth University poll showing Clinton with a 4-point lead was “in line with private polling, both statewide and in key congressional and state legislative districts. She's down a bit thanks to the FBI announcement, but she's maintaining a narrow lead.”
New Hampshire insiders noted the state is polled frequently, but an academic pollster there cautioned against leaning on polls this early for predictive value.
“Real people have real lives that don't revolve around politics,” the pollster said. “I've been an academic pollster for 30 years, and it never fails to make me chuckle how the media pay attention to summertime polls. Just plain silly!”
The Marquette Law School poll in Wisconsin was praised by insiders in both parties. One Democrat said it “has been eerily accurate in recent elections, and [I] believe it is again. Charles Franklin and his team have the state down.”
Marquette and Franklin are “the gold standard,” added a Wisconsin Republican. “Polls that are done by third-party groups have to stack up to the [Marquette] poll.”
These are the members of The POLITICO Caucus, not all of whom participated in this survey:
Colorado: Ryan Call, Laura Carno, Matt Chandler, Will Coyne, Adam Eichberg, Mark Ferrandino, Cole Finegan, Michael Fortney, Andrew Freedman, Ted Harvey, Craig Hughes, Owen Loftus, Pete Maysmith, Frank McNulty, Karen Middleton, Christopher Murray, BJ Nikkel, Josh Penry, Rick Ridder, Alan Salazar, Janice Sinden, Pat Steadman, Pat Waak, Steve Welchert, Taylor West, Roxane White, Rob Witwer
Florida: Fernand Amandi, Scott Arceneaux, JP Austin, Tim Baker, Dennis K. Baxley, Slater Bayliss, Dave Beattie, Wayne Bertsch, Ron Book, Pamela Burch Fort, Jose Calderon, Kevin Cate, Kelly Cohen, Gus Corbella, Brian Crowley, Elizabeth Cuevas-Neunder, Justin Day, Judith Diaz, Nelson Diaz, John Dowless, Ryan Duffy, Jessica Ehrlich, Joe Falk, Alia Faraj-Johnson, Mark Ferrulo, Damien Filer, Marty Fiorentino, Rich Heffley, Nick Iarossi, David Johnson, Eric Johnson, Marian Johnson, Eric Jotkoff, Chris Korge, Jackie Lee, Susan MacManus, Beth Matuga, Fred Menachem, Jon Mills, Joe Mobley, Ben Pollara, Andrea Reilly, Steve Schale, April Schiff, Max Steele, Roger Stone, Richard Swann, Kevin Sweeny, Christian Ulvert, Steve Vancore, Ashley Walker, Andrew Weinstein, Andrew Wiggins, Ryan Wiggins, Rick Wilson
Iowa: Tim Albrecht, Brad Anderson, Rob Barron, Jeff Boeyink, Bonnie Campbell, Dave Caris, Sam Clovis, Jerry Crawford, Sara Craig, John Davis, Steve Deace, John Deeth, Derek Eadon, Ed Failor Jr., Karen Fesler, David Fischer, Ben Foecke, Doug Gross, Steve Grubbs, Tim Hagle, Bob Haus, Joe Henry, Drew Ivers, Jill June, Lori Jungling, Jeff Kaufmann, Brian Kennedy, Jake Ketzner, David Kochel, Chris Larimer, Chuck Larson, Jill Latham, Jeff Link, Dave Loebsack, Mark Lucas, Liz Mathis, Jan Michelson, Chad Olsen, David Oman, Matt Paul, Marlys Popma, Troy Price, Christopher Rants, Kim Reem, Craig Robinson, Sam Roecker, David Roederer, Nick Ryan, Tamara Scott, Joni Scotter, Karen Slifka, John Smith, AJ Spiker, Norm Sterzenbach, John Stineman, Matt Strawn, Charlie Szold, Phil Valenziano, Jessica Vanden Berg, Nate Willems, Eric Woolson, Grant Young
Michigan: Jill Alper, Saul Anuzis, Andrea Bitely, Lori Carpentier, Howard Edelson, Jordan Gehrke, Steve Hood, Joe Lehman, Dennis Lennox, Katie Packer, Ronna Romney McDaniel, John Truscott, Stephanie White, John Yob
Nevada: Mac Abrams, Greg Bailor, Barbara Buckley, Yvanna Cancela, Bob Cavazos, Linda Cavazos, Jim DeGraffenreid, Andrew Diss, Peter Ernaut, Ryan Erwin, Chip Evans, Jay Gerstema, Oscar Goodman, Ryan Hamilton, Dan Hart, Pat Hickey, Zach Hudson, Jeremy Hughes, Megan Jones, Lindsey Jydstrup, Adam Khan, Peter Koltak, Roberta Lange, Sam Liberman, Laura Martin, Michael McDonald, Chuck Muth, Erven Nelson, Kristen Orthman, Neal Patel, Nick Phillips, Jon Ralston, Andres Ramires, Emmy Ruiz, Scott Scheid, Mike Slanker, James Smack, Paul Smith, Jack St. Martin, Mari St. Martin, Daniel Stewart, Brendan Summers, Riley Sutton, Robert Uithoven, Michelle White, Ed Williams, Heidi Wixom
New Hampshire: Charlie Arlinghaus, Arnie Arnesen, Patrick Arnold, Rich Ashooh, Dean Barker, Juliana Bergeron, D.J. Bettencourt, Michael Biundo, Ray Buckley, Peter Burling, Jamie Burnett, Debby Butler, Dave Carney, Jackie Cilley, Catherine Corkery, Corriveau, Fergus Cullen, Lou D'Allesandro, James Demers, Mike Dennehy, Sean Downey, Steve Duprey, JoAnn Fenton, Jennifer Frizzell, Martha Fuller Clark, Amanda Grady Sexton, Jack Heath, Gary Hirshberg, Jennifer Horn, Peter Kavanaugh, Joe Keefe, Rich Killion, Harrell Kirstein, Sylvia Larsen, Joel Maiola, Kate Malloy Corriveau, Maureen Manning, Steve Marchand, Tory Mazzola, Jim Merrill, Jayne Millerick, Claira Monier, Greg Moore, Matt Mowers, Terie Norelli, Chris Pappas, Liz Purdy, Tom Rath, Colin Reed, Jim Rubens, Andy Sanborn, Dante Scala, William Shaheen, Stefany Shaheen, Carol Shea-Porter, Terry Shumaker, Andy Smith, Craig Stevens, Kathy Sullivan, Chris Sununu, James Sununu, Jay Surdukowski, Donna Sytek, Kari Thurman, Colin Van Ostern, Deb Vanderbeek, Mike Vlacich, Ryan Williams
North Carolina: Don Davis, Francis X. De Luca, Anita Earls, Jonathan Felts, Tami L. Fitzgerald, Dylan Frick, Taylor Griffin, Robin Hayes, Morgan Jackson, Patsy Keever, Theresa Kostrzewa, Michael Luethy, Ray Martin, Thomas Mills, Melissa L. Reed, Chris Sgro, Paul Shumaker, Dee Stewart, Brad Thompson, Bruce Thompson, Charlie Wallin, Doug Wilson
Ohio: Jerry Austin, Greg Beswick, Matt Borges, Erica Bruton, Tim Burke, Janet Carson, Jai Chabria, Martha Clark, Bob Clegg, Damareo Cooper, Jo Ann Davidson, Michael Dawson, Bill DeMora, Cindy Demse, Kathy Dicristofaro, Katie Eagan, Michael Gonidakis, Wes Goodman, Joe Hallett, Ian James, Melissa Klide Hedden, David Leland, Nick Martin, Rhine McLin, David Pepper, Molly Shack, Mark R. Weaver
Pennsylvania: Chris Borick, Larry Ceisler, Valentino DiGiorgio, Jason Ercole, Dan Fee, Charlie Gerow, Marcel Groen, Leslie Gromis Baker, Mark Harris, Nan McLaughlin, Aubrey Montgomery, Christopher Nicholas, Nachama Soloveichik, David Sosar, Todd Stephens, Doc Sweitzer, David Thornburgh, Ray Zaborney
Virginia: Ray Allen, Sandra Brandt, Marc K. Broklawski, Patsy Brown, Janet Carver, John Cosgrove, Brian Coy, Doris Crouse-Mays, Tom Davis, Julie Dime, Abbi Easter, Mike Farris, John Findlay, Joe Fitzgerald, Sean Harrison, Margo Horner, Robert Hurt, Gaylene Kanoyton, Chris LaCivita, Sue Langley, Frank Leone, Robert G. Marshall, Tucker Martin, Ed Matricardi, Susan J. Rowland, Peter Snyder, Susan Swecker, Jo Thoburn
Wisconsin: Meg Andrietsch, Mary Arnold, Kevin Barthel, Mike Basford, Rebecca Bonesteel, Barry Burden, Terri Burl, Jim Camery, Patrick Guarasci, Robert Hansen, Gary Hawley, Marian Krumberger, Emily Nehring, Jason Rae, Brandon Scholz, John Zapfel
Kristen Hayford contributed to this report.
Donald Trump has tried to distance himself from a former foreign policy aide who pleaded guilty to perjury over his contacts with Russians during last year's US election campaign.
The president fired off a series of tweets on Tuesday in which he publicly addressed for the first time the indictment of his ex-adviser George Papadopoulos, revealed on Monday shortly after Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort was charged with a catalogue of serious federal crimes.
Trump adviser George Papadopoulos and the lies about Russian links Read more
“Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar,” Trump posted on Twitter shortly after 8am local time, adding: “Check the DEMS!”
Court documents released on Monday said that Papadopoulos had admitted meeting Russians to get “dirt” on Trump's election rival, Hillary Clinton, and lied about it to federal agents working for the special counsel Robert Mueller as part of his investigation into possible coordination between the Trump election campaign and Russia.
Papadopoulos's plea was unsealed on the same day Manafort and a business associate, Rick Gates, were charged with money laundering, tax evasion, fraud and failing to register as agents of foreign interests. Manafort and Gates denied the charges.
Papadopoulos is the first person to face criminal charges that cite interactions between Trump campaign associates and people claiming to be Russian intermediaries during the 2016 campaign. He is described in court documents as a “proactive cooperator”.
Despite Trump's claim that “few people knew” Papadopoulos, he himself referred to Papadopoulos as an “excellent guy” in an interview with the Washington Post in March 2016 about his new foreign policy team.
Later that month, Trump posted a picture on Instagram captioned “meeting with my national security team” in which Papadopoulos can be seen four seats to his right.
The president's team insisted that Papadopoulos, 30, played a limited role in the campaign and had no access to Trump.
The Washington Post identified Trump's former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, as the “high-ranking campaign official” mentioned in the court documents whom Papadopoulos had told about his Russian contacts.
Lewandowski said he could not recall any such emails.
“This would have potentially come from a low-level volunteer, so I don't remember the exact email,” he said.
“From what I recall, George was a low-level volunteer who might have attended a meeting of the foreign advisory team, the one meeting who took place,” Lewandowski told NBC's Today show. “But he was not a person who was involved with the day-to-day operations of the campaign, or a person who I recall interacting with on a regular basis at all.”
But in late 2016 and early 2017, Papadopoulos was touted by the Trump camp as one of its leading voices on the Middle East and Syria in particular.
“If you worked on Syria policy in DC during the time of the inauguration, you probably heard of this guy,” tweeted John Arterbury, a Syria expert who was then working at Georgetown University. “His background was Cyprus and energy, his work experience minimal. Syria wonks (me included) were left confounded on how he got such connections.”
According to another Syria expert at a Washington thinktank, who asked not to be named, Papadopoulos was shortlisted to become a senior White House adviser on the Middle East and was due to be interviewed for the job in November – but then his star seemed to fade in the Trump camp.
Arterbury, now a Middle East security analyst, said: “By February he'd dropped from the radar, Syria policy moved elsewhere, and he vanished from the scene.”
Trump tweeted on Tuesday morning: “The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts [sic] lawyer said, there was ‘no collusion' and events mentioned took place long before he ... came to the campaign.”
Monday's events marked a significant acceleration of Mueller's investigation, which continues to cast a shadow over the White House as Trump's approval rating has dropped to just 33%, according to a recent Gallup poll.
Susan Hennessey and Benjamin Wittes wrote on the influential Lawfare blog: “Trump, in short, had on his campaign at least one person, and allegedly two people, who actively worked with adversarial foreign governments in a fashion they sought to criminally conceal from investigators.
“The release of these documents should, though it probably won't, put to rest the suggestion that there are no serious questions of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.”
Meanwhile, Russian officials brushed off the allegations in broad terms but did not offer specific details. Senator Alexei Pushkov wrote on Twitter: “Neither Trump, nor his campaign or Russian officials are mentioned. A ‘professor with ties to the Kremlin'? Ridiculous.”
Papadopoulos's plea deal states that he was told in April 2016 by an unnamed “professor” – identified by the Washington Post as Joseph Mifsud – that Russia had “dirt” on Clinton in the form of “thousands of emails”.
This echoes a June 2016 meeting in which Donald Trump Jr met four Russians at Trump Tower in New York after being promised “dirt” on Clinton. Manafort and Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, were also present.
The Russian foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, called the allegations of a Russian link “hysteria”.
However, Lavrov refused to answer a specific question on whether the Russian foreign ministry was aware of Papadopoulos's approach.
An attorney for Trump's former Iowa campaign chairman, Sam Clovis, confirmed that references to the “campaign supervisor” were to him. Trump has nominated Clovis to serve as chief scientist of the US Department of Agriculture.
Asked if the administration was reconsidering Clovis' nomination, the White House press secretary, Sarah Sanders, said: “I'm not aware that any change would be necessary at this time.”
She continued: “Papadopoulos is an example of actually somebody doing the wrong thing while the president's campaign did the right thing.”
“All of his emails were voluntarily provided to the special counsel by the campaign and that is what led to the process and the place that we're in right now was the campaign fully cooperating and we're helping with that.
“What Papadopoulos did was lie and that's on him, not on the campaign, and we can't speak for that.”
Each year the International Ice Hockey Federation inducts players into their Hall of Fame and this year three former Detroit Red Wings will be inducted.
The Red Wings being inducted this year are: Nicklas Lidstrom (Sweden), Steve Yzerman (Canada), and Ruslan Salei (Belarus). Joining them will be, Vyacheslav Bykov and Andrei Khomutov of Russia and builder Murray Costello of Canada.
Lidstrom and Yzerman spent their whole careers in Detroit, while Salei only spent one season, but once a player puts on the winged wheel they will be forever and always be Detroit Red Wings.
Unfortunately, Rulsan Salei is no longer with us due to the plane crash that killed the entire Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team, but he will always be in the mind and hearts of hockey fans and his spirit will live on in the IIHF Hall of Fame.
Congratulations to all three Detroit Red Wings for being recognized for their performances in World Championship hockey.
Here are the bios from the IIHF's Hall of Fame induction page.
Nicklas Lidström (SWE)
Born: Krylbo, Sweden, 28 April 1970
Everyone knows there's no such thing as a perfect athlete, but Nicklas Lidström perhaps comes closer than any hockey player to earning such praise. His play on defence for Sweden in IIHF competition and the Detroit Red Wings in the NHL over a period of more than 20 years was staggeringly error-free.
A defenceman who was by no means small, Lidström wasn't physical so much as he was smart, quick, and disciplined. He rarely was out of position, rarely gave the puck up as the last man back, and rarely committed the kinds of errors that led to goals. After being drafted by Detroit in the 3rd round of the 1989 NHL Entry Draft, Lidström played for Västerås in the Swedish Elite League for two more years before leaving for the NHL. He became an impact player immediately, and the Red Wings never missed the playoffs during his entire career – 20 straight years – a record of success matched only by Larry Robinson.
Because of this NHL success, Lidström played in only three World Championships during his career, winning a medal each time: gold in 1991, bronze in 1994, and silver in 2004. The majority of his international play came in NHL-IIHF events. He played in the first four Olympics involving NHL players, his career reaching its zenith in 2006 when he scored the winning goal early in the third period of the gold-medal game against Finland.
Additionally, Lidström played in the three most recent NHL best-on-best tournaments, namely the 1991 Canada Cup and 1996 and 2004 World Cups of Hockey. His place among the pantheon of greats is further embellished by his incredible NHL accomplishments. He took over the Detroit captaincy from Steve Yzerman in 2006 and two years later became the first European captain to lead his team to the Stanley Cup. The win was the fourth Cup of Lidström's career. In 2002, he was named winner of the Conn Smythe Trophy, again the first European so honoured.
Lidström was also named winner of the Norris Trophy seven times, putting him in the same rarefied company as Bobby Orr (eight) and Doug Harvey (also seven). As important as all the numbers and awards, Lidström played hockey in a way any fan would admire.
He never fought to play tough, was resilient over two decades, and was positionally as strong as any player in league history. No European has played more games than Lidström – both regular season and playoffs – and his contributions to Tre Kronor and to the NHL make it clear he was one of the most gentlemanly and skilled players ever to skate on a sheet of ice.
Ruslan Salei (BLR)
Born: Minsk, Soviet Union (Belarus), 2 November 1974
Died: Yaroslavl, Russia, 7 September 2011
A defenceman who succeeded at the highest level because of determination and ambition more than natural-born talent, Ruslan Salei was a hero in his native Belarus both for representing his country in IIHF tournaments and his lengthy NHL career.
In fact, while virtually every European player gets to the NHL by being drafted first and coming to North America after, Salei was so determined to make it that he wasn't daunted or intimidated by not being drafted into the NHL when he was 18 and 19 years old.
In 1995, at age 20, he signed a contract to play in the IHL with the Las Vegas Thunder. There were no signs whatsoever that he would make it to the NHL or that any team was interested in his talents, but he got to Las Vegas and played impressively. He was also tough, accumulating 123 penalty minutes and proving his abilities to adapt to the North American game. After just one season Anaheim selected him a lofty 9th overall at the 1996 draft, and the next year saw continued and impressive development.
Salei started in the IHL, moved up to the AHL, and ended up playing with the Mighty Ducks for the last half of the 1996/97 season. His days of minor pro hockey were virtually over, but his international career was only just beginning. Salei played for Belarus at the 1994 and 1995 World Championships when the new nation was in C Pool. They won in ‘95 to move up to B Pool, won again without Salei in 1997 to move up to A Pool, and have been in the top pool continuously ever since (with two exceptions). As a natural leader, Salei has also captained the national team on many occasions.
Belarus has never been one of the top-medal-winning nations, but it has maintained its competitiveness nonetheless. Without doubt the team's finest result was a 4th-place finish in 2002 at the Salt Lake Olympics, a result that was achieved thanks to a 4-3 win over Sweden in the quarter-finals, the nation's biggest victory of all time. Salei was one of the best players on ice that game, a defining moment in his career and his country's hockey history.
Salei played nine seasons with the Ducks, establishing himself as an all-‘round defenceman. Big and tough, he wasn't afraid to stand up for his teammates. But, he also showed offensive abilities as well, and in 2003 the team went to the Stanley Cup finals before losing to New Jersey in game seven. It was Salei who scored the overtime winner in Game 3, putting Anaheim back in the series after trailing, 2-0.
After signing as a free agent with Florida in 2006, Salei later played for Colorado and Detroit before leaving the NHL in the summer of 2011. He signed with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the KHL but perished in the plane crash that killed the entire team. A short time later, he became a first player inducted into the newly-created Belarusian Hockey Hall of Fame, and his number 24 was retired by the Belarusian Ice Hockey Association for international competition.
Steve Yzerman (CAN)
Born: Cranbrook, British Columbia, Canada, 9 May 1965
Few players in the history of hockey played with the sportsmanship, determination, and remarkable skill as Steve Yzerman. And fewer men still had such extraordinary success at both the international level and the NHL. In Yzerman's case, that meant Team Canada and the Detroit Red Wings, the team for whom he played his entire 23-year pro career.
Yzerman was only 17 when he played his first IIHF tournament, the 1983 U20 event in Leningrad (St. Petersburg). A few months later he was drafted by the Red Wings, made the team at his first training camp that fall, and never looked back. After a sensational rookie season he made Canada's roster for the 1984 Canada Cup, won by the host country.
These were lean years for the Red Wings, and Yzerman played in three World Championships in the next six years. Yzerman led the tournament in both assists (10) and points (19) in 1990, but, incredibly, this was his last World Championship. The Red Wings made the Stanley Cup playoffs each of the next 15 years, more or less eliminating him from WM participation.
It was in 1986 that he was named captain of the Red Wings, at age 21, and Yzerman went on to become the longest-serving captain in NHL history, wearing the “C” for Detroit every year until he retired in 2006.
Perhaps the crowning glory of his international career came in 2002 at the Salt Lake Olympics. Despite a serious knee injury, Yzerman was a key member of Canada's roster as the nation won gold for the first time since 1952. That summer he underwent knee reconstruction and missed most of the next NHL season, earning the Bill Masterton Trophy in 2003 for his remarkable determination in coming back from the serious procedure.
In the NHL, Yzerman was a scoring machine. He had six consecutive seasons of at least 100 points, and in five of those he also eclipsed the 50-goal plateau. He led the Wings to the Stanley Cup in 1997 and again in 1998 and won for a third time in 2002. His 1,755 career points ranks him sixth all time. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto in 2009 and later guided Canada to a second Olympic gold with NHL players, this time in 2010 in Vancouver as the team's executive director.
Yzerman's leadership, combined with more tangible qualities like a great shot and amazing faceoff abilities, made him successful at every level he played.
The 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday will feature perhaps the show's most electric contest in years: Adele versus Beyoncé.
Both are megaselling queens of pop whose every move reverberates throughout the culture. The fact that they will face off in each of the top three categories — album, record and song of the year — gives the Grammys a rare tension that can only be good for ratings.
Yet their competition is also fraught in ways that have long dogged the awards. One concerns race, a subject the Grammys have a tangled history with — especially this year, when one of the most acclaimed young black artists, Frank Ocean, has boycotted the process altogether. Another sensitive area is the Grammys' spotty record in recognizing the vanguards of contemporary pop.
Added to the mix is a heightened political climate in which issues of race and identity are front and center, raising the question of whether the music industry will use this year's Grammys as a soapbox.
Just in time for Christmas, Eidos Montreal has released two new pieces of concept art for Deus Ex: Mankind Divided showing our hero's living quarters for the new game. In Human Revolution, the apartment was packed with little environmental details that hinted at Jensen's lifestyle and mental state. Secrets included a hidden weapons cache and a heartbreaking story about his dog, Kubrick.
"The core of Adam's apartment is once again inspired by the cyber renaissance theme, although darker than what it was in Human Revolution" explains EM on the Deus Ex site. "These two concepts are only the tip of the iceberg and there will be a lot more details to find".
Here's the first image of Jensen's living room. This one shows Jensen's bedroom.
Who would live in a flat like this?
Ah, the entirely healthy sight of two empty bottles of Jack Daniel's within couch reaching distance. There's another bottle and a half-filled tumbler by the bed in the second piece of concept art. Jensen always has whiskey within arm's reach, which means his lifestyle hasn't come far from this piece of early Human Revolution art.
The cereal box (Magic Gnome: Suspiciously Delicious!), toilet paper, empty dish and sleep-crumpled blanket hint at Jensen's entire day-night cycle. The pale glow emanating from the left hints at a television screen, but I like to think that Jensen simply spends his hours staring deep into a blank wall brooding and flicking his shades on and off for fun.
Half a bottle into JD stupor, Jensen stumbled to his feet to fling a few arm chisels at this target sheet. The scars on the paper suggest a
The coat stand is empty, even though Jensen owns approximately 3,000 coats. They're strewn all over the apartment. Jensen sharpens up well when he's out, but this is the apartment of a messy bachelor who still hasn't completely unpacked his stuff, and never will.
You can see form the angle of the telescope that this is definitely for spying on others outside his building, not stargazing. As an enemy of the illuminati, Jensen has reason to be paranoid. This telescope can actually be found in the corner of his Human Revolution apartment, to the right of his television. In Human Revolution, it was folded away. The fact it's set up here suggests Jensen's more wary. It's always within reach of his little workstation at the dining table.
This is a sign of progress at least—an unbroken mirror! In Jensen's last apartment his toilet mirror was smashed by, presumably, the punch of one of Jensen's big metal arms. Jensen is at least able to look at himself without flying into a despairing age.
It's hard to tell what the ball on the left is at this distance, but it's probably a golden globe, as seen on this cover of an issue of the Deus Ex Universe comic in which Jensen squats, Atlas-like, under the pressing palm of the Illuminati—symbolism! I bet we'll see the globe imagery appear a few times in Mankind Divided. The globe-in-a-fist imagery has been part of Deus Ex since the first game.
On the right, a reading light. We see that Jensen is a big reader, even if he can't put up a bookshelf.
The book titles are illegible in this piece of concept art, but they'll surely be clear in the final game. Jensen's Human Revolution apartment was full of books, including encyclopedias, "Cars of Detroit", "Narcotics" and "CHILD AND VIOLENCE".
Jensen is man of diverse interests and eclectic taste, but his obsession with watchmaking and tinkering in the last game has given way to a fondness for art. As well as the gold globe in the last picture, the bedroom also features a piece, and the living room has a nice horse. In Human Revolution Jensen's obsession with the internal working of gadgets allowed him to work through his cybernetic body issues, that seems to have faded as he's come to terms with himself, and he's moved on to different forms of expression. That, or the paintings were there when Jensen bought the apartment, and actually he's taken them down to replace them with target practice sheets.
Human Revolution's aesthetic was built around the idea of a cyber-renaissance, and Jensen's clearly intended to embody the ideal of the Renaissance Man—a figure of eclectic tastes, who excels physically and intellectually. You explore Jensen's physical capabilities through play, so it's up to environmental details like these to fill in the rest of Adam's personality.
However, I have no idea what this is, below the lightsaber candelabrum, to the left of the half-finished bottle of whisky. Alarm clock? Rubbish origami swan?
"Fantastic! Knowing it is all natural is important, especially when it comes to the way my chops feel and respond!" -Thomas Hooten, Principal Trumpet - Los Angeles Philharmonic
"...a product that performs as advertised. When my chops need healing in one of the driest cities in America (Albuquerque), I use ChopSaver!" -Richard White, University of New Mexico and New Mexico Symphony Orchestra
"Whether it's Bach, Bossa, Mozart, or Takemitsu, ChopSaver gives me the freedom I need to make music." -Paula Robison, Professor of Flute - New England Conservatory of Music
"...brings on the healing quickly without being too waxy or greasy feeling. Congratulations on a great product!" -Wayne Bergeron, Los Angeles Trumpet Virtuoso and Recording Artist
"ChopSaver is amazing...the best stuff on the market! Thanks for such a great product!" -Kiku Collins, New York City Jazz Recording Artist, Trumpeter for Beyonce and Michael Bolton
"...perfect for dry lips...I'm so glad there's a product on the market that contains what you want it to contain!" -Carol Jarvis, UK Trombone Artist, Trombonist for Seal and Sting
"...heavy playing weeks, bad weather and long flights? No worries with ChopSaver." -Koichiro Yamamoto, Principal Trombone - Seattle Symphony Orchestra
"...a lifesaver and in my opinion the best lip salve there is on the market!" -Sir James Galway, World Renowned Flute Virtuoso
"...puts Burt's Bees to shame!" -Mercedes Smith, Principal Flute - The Utah Symphony
"I want to thank you for developing an excellent product! We recommend it to every patient we see." -Jason B. Van Ittersum, MD, Norton Shores, MI - Lakeshore Dermatology, Diplomate - American Board of Dermatology
"ChopSaver is the best lip balm I have ever tried, and my patients agree! Outstanding product!" -Jo Bohannon-Grant, MD, Midlothian, VA - Named "Best Dermatologist" by Richmond Magazine
Taxi drivers whose livelihoods have taken a hit from Uber and other ride-sharing services will be able to claim $20,000 in compensation through the NSW government.
Under a $250 million industry transition package, taxi drivers who had licence permits before July 2015 will be able to apply for $20,000 one-off grants for up to two licences.
Taxi drivers doing it tough will also be able to apply for "hardship" grants out of a $150 million fund.
The payouts soften the blow of the Baird government's decision in 2015 to legalise Uber and other ride-sharing services, which were already taking customers away from taxi drivers.
Transport Minister Andrew Constance says the $250 million support fund is one of the most generous packages in the world and will help traditional drivers transition to the new business environment - however the scheme is only partly funded by government.
Passengers taking both taxis and Ubers will be slugged for the remaining $100 million, paying a $1 levy on all trips over the next five years.
The NSW Taxi Drivers Council has cautiously welcomed the financial package, but believes drivers will need more.
"It's a significant amount of money, however the loss of value and income to our members has been more significant than what is on the table at this stage. There needs to be more petrol in the tank," chief executive Roy Wakelin-King told AAP.
He said the value of a taxi licence plate in Sydney had plummeted from $375,000 in July 2015 to $210,000 in January this year.
The state government will contact the 4000 taxi licence owners in NSW about the compensation with applications due before January 13, 2017.
Licensees can contact the NSW Taxi Council for help with lodging applications.
A review of the state's compensation package will be taken in 12 months' time.
© AAP 2019
Table of contents I. Battle Royale
— i. Comparing Black Survival to other Battle Royale inspired games
II. Non-gameplay related
— i. Business Model
— ii. Economy
— iii. Advertisements
— iv. The Network
— v. Finding matches
— vi. Match balancing
— vii. The Art, Music, Lore, and Flavour Text
III. Gameplay related
— i. Metagame
— ii. PvP Game
— iii. Match Flow & Mechanics
— iv. Mastery
— v. Equipment
— vi. Level
— vii. Routes
— viii. What a single matchlooks like
— ix. What a good match looks like
— — a. Placing High
— — b. Having Fun
IV. Conclusion If this looks too daunting to you, you can check out the shorter version of this blog here. Battle Royale Time for a little backstory, folks! 😅 You can skip this part if you want to go straight to the gameplay aspects I am a fan of dark, and psychological type of mangas and one day, I got my hands on a copy of Battle Royale. Manga series written by Koushun Takami and illustrated by Masayuki Taguchi. If you ask what is my favourite manga, I would still say it's Battle Royale. It truly encompasses what humans are capable of doing when they are on the edge. Aside from that, I also love all the characters and the morbidity of the story. Battle Royale conveys so many strong emotions such as betreyal, despair, revenge, etc. It's an emotional roller coaster ride. The synopsis of the manga goes like this: In the future, random Jr. High School classes are chosen to compete in a game called Battle Royale. The rules: only one student can survive after 3 days on an island or else they all perish. Weapons are handed out and each student is sent out into the field alone and unprepared for the horror that awaits them. HHere are some pagesfrom the manga for you to check out. Start reading from right to left 😅:
Kill or be killed!
Since I have read the manga — I think that was back in 2012 or 2013, I cannot really recall — I have been dying to find a game that is similar in style. Few years later, the genre is finally recognized and games with similar style are now gradually being published. To back that up, here's an excerpt from the Wikipedia entry of the Battle Royale (novel): Video game adaptations of the battle royale survival concept became popular in the mid-2010s, with the early examples of the “Battle Royale” mods for Arma 2/DayZ, the stand-alone edition of DayZ and Arma 3 made by the modder PlayerUnknown, concept subsequently transposed into full games like H1Z1, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds and the Battle Royale mode of Fortnite. Why isn't Black Survival mentioned here? 🤔😅 Anyway, from my google playstore comment — I was surprised they even replied to my dumb comment — Archbears shared that they took heavy inspiration from Battle Royale. Check this out! 5 ⭐, oh yeah! I'm really happy that this is a genre now The idea of the manga is really morbid and I like how the author didn't hold back on its premise. I highly recommend the Battle Royale manga if you haven't read it yet. Just a warning though, the manga has a lot of NSFW content such as gore and sexual nudity. But if you are cool with that, then go ahead and try reading it yourself. Anyhow, despite all this Battle Royale talk, I got into the game because of the store's screenshots. 😂 And to my suprise — finally! a Battle Royale game! Comparing Black Survival to other Battle Royale inspired games We can't avoavoid comparingttle Royale games to each other and I have played one recently in a friend's house; Player Unknown's Battlegrounds. I have only played the game a few times but my first two matches are the most memorable for me. Time for a little story again In my first match I familiarized the game's controls. The mechanics aren't that hard to grasp (basically, it's just be the last one standing while avoiding the restricted areas). In the first few minutes, I got some good loot, armour, and a vehicle. The island is HUGE and traversing it by foot is a pain in the arse. Luckily, I got a vehicle early on. I tried baiting my vehicle but no one ended up taking it and so I eluded the incoming restricted barrier by car. I escaped for a few rounds but I decided to try something stupid. Playing GTA or other open world games made me try dismounting in the middle of a high speed drive, and so, I tried it. Then, unexpectedly, I died on the spot. My friends laughed, and we took turns playing. There goes my first try of the game. I asked my friends what's their highest placement on the game. They said they haven't won a single game yet. One friend's top placement was 13, and the other one is in top 10, I forgot the exact number. On my second game, my friends went downstairs to get some food and it was my turn again to play. I took extra caution that time, no more jumping-out-from-a-vehicle-in-mid-air, and survived pretty well. Then finally, I got my first kill. I killed a guy using a shotgun in a close quarters combat with the element of surprise. My friends cheered on me, but I'm serious playing the game so I ignored them. Shortly, I found a vehicle and got closer and closer to the middle of the island (the restricted areas are also limiting the battlefield). I made a huge blunder when only three survivors remain. I accidentally showed my location — which means I lost my advantage — and then suddenly, there are only two people left. Me and the other person engaged in 1 vs 1 combat but I lost since he has the automatic gun and I have slow shotgun and crappy aiming skillz. Not to mention, my friends pressuring me behind my shoulders. I got placed top 2. Shoutout to my friends Genesis and Val. 🙄😤😑 To put it plainly, Player Unknown's Battlegrounds is like a military-inclined Battle Royale. Everyone parachutes down the island, everyone is using military grade weapons and armor, and then everybody guns down everybody. I also don't think they have the survival aspects in terms of eating, resting, crafting, and so on. Therefore, PUBG doesn't directly translate to Battle Royale or The Hunger Games but it's a good game nonetheless — the stats don't lie. I cannot compare any other battle royale games though, since I haven't played all of them. I think more and more games will be added into the genre. Games focusing on the survival part; surviving the temparature, hunger, exhaustion, diseases, and other aspects than the combat part only, ala Metal Gear Solid: Snake Eater. I think a battle royale game like that would be really interesting. (Don't starve × Battle Royale? 😂) If you are truly a fan of the genre, I think you will love Black Survival. The tension from restricted areas expanding and contracting, running away with very low health, crafting health & stamina survival items, defeating everyone else until you're the last one standing, it all resonates to the genre's main inspiration; Battle Royale. Non-gameplay related So enough story time Time for something that's actually discussing the game itself. But first, I'll walk you through the non-gameplay elements. This includes the game's business model, economy, the network, the art, the music, the ranking system, the in-game currency, the game's built-in index or wiki, and much more. Business Model Black Survival's earns revenue via microtransactions (and ads? I'll explain later). Its business model is like that of League of Legends. Free to play
Weekly rotation of trial characters
You can purchase characters and skins (cosmetics) via in-game currency (gold coins)
You can purchase characters and skins via premium currency (bought using real money or gained by other means, I'll explain later)
You can also purchase other items such as name changer, etc., that doesn't really impact the gameplay
Ads (more details below) Economy There are three types of currencies in this game. Gold, Gem, and Bear Point Gold is gained through a number of methods: Winning a match Ranking up (only in Herbivore League) Finishing a match The total gold collected from graduating Herbivore League can be used to purchase 2 or more characters permanently. It can also be used to purchase items in a match (lunchbox and backpack) and as well as revive your character when they die.
In-game notice on the left, and the list of ranks on the right
Gem is the game's premium currency. It can be purchased using real money and obtained via the roulette. Roulette prizes Bear point is used to spin the roulette and can be gained through a number of means: Logging in daily First win of the day Other means (such as killing wild animals in a match, etc.) Daily login bonus (and a nice quote from mom) Advertisements There is only one place in the game where you can see ads. If you are feeling like a cheapskate and don't want to spend gold to revive your character, you can watch a 30-second advertisement and BAM, your character is back in shape. I don't know how will this work in the Steam version, though.
Free reviving, woo!
The Network I have seen people on discord and reddit complain about the lag and sometimes I experience them too. I lost a few ranked matches because of network problems such as sudden disconnection and cannot reconnect, or just the ping. But hey, we can't always blame the servers. I play other online games too and I get disconnected sometimes. All I can say is you can enjoy playing the game 9 out of 10 times with the current network condition. Finding matches It's so easy to find a match. It ranges from a wait time of instant, to a few minutes. I think one and a half minute is the longest wait I've ever encountered. While finding a match, you can browse the main menu, check the game's index, and more which is a really nice feature.
You can minimize and look around
Match balancing My rank is just Fox, but I have encountered high ranking players in a match such as Lion / Bear / Dragon. It's unfair, of course. I think the Archbears need to look into the team balancing aspect in finding a match. On the bright side, it's so scary and exciting to play with high ranking players! Loading screen example The Art, Music, Lore, and Flavour Text The art and music are superb, 10/10. I only wish there are animations, and it's required though. The game is fun without it. I just thought it'd be cool. 😆 However, problems will arise is in programming aspect animation duration, animation cancelling, backswing, and a lot more, Archbears has a lot to consider. The lore and flavour text are also entertaining. They have a lot of references in other contemporary literatures, even anime!
On the left is the iconic “Girl on Fire” dress of Katniss from The Hunger Games. On the right looks like Detective Conan's shoes.
Gameplay related Metagame Like all other games, there is also a meta-game on Black Survival. Here's an excerpt from Liquipedia Dota 2 Wiki: The metagame (also called the meta) is the current trend that is often considered to be the optimal way to play the game by the community. This always changes over time, and is driven by community opinion, professional players, and balance patches. I don't think I am experienced enough to make an in-depth judgment about each character's balance but there is always a metagame. There has been a patch recently that addresses the OPness of Yuki, nerfs to JP, Jenny, and other changes. (All of this information was from reddit and discord which should be considered unofficial and opinionated)
Yuki, JP, and Jenny
First off, let's discuss the flow of the game, and types of games. The game's “Get ready for the next battle” quote PvP Game Normal Game- Unranked game for PvP practice, and climbing through Herbivore League. You can gain gold in this mode. Ranked Game- Every win, you gain some rank points, and every loss is the opposite. When you reach Lion rank and above, you can be eligible for the Season Skin and Avatar Border. Practice- Normal Game versus AI. Match flow & Mechanics The game starts in the Underground Path, where you choose what kind of weapon you wield at the start. It automatically defaults to your highest Mastery.
The game fades-in after the quote into the Underground Path
Mastery In the screenshot above, I was using Bernice. His equipment defaults to a Gun. You gain few mastery points from attacking and crafting. There are also other ways to gain mastery, such as laying traps (Isol), setting up cameras (Nathapon), and other ways specific to a character. There are 7 types of equipment and each character has different mastery on each equipment. Blade, Stab, Blunt, Thrown, Gun, Bow, and Hand. Trap isn't considered as a wielded weapon. Characters normally have at least one good mastery and can range up to 3 masteries.
In order to deal more damage, you can either train your mastery, or upgrade your weapon. You can check this out more on the in-game guide Equipment Equipment in the game are categorized by rarity and type. These are Weapon, Armor, Food, and Normal. The game is focused heavily on collecting materials and crafting them. Each item can be found within the 22 areas in the game and with some exception, can be found from Wild Animals and appears at random areas. The game has a nice guide feature where you can choose a certain equipment andd the game lists where all the equipment's components can be found. In the middle-left of the screen, you can see the guide for the Blueprint item Level Levels are gained by enough experience. (just like any other video game out there) Experience can be obtained through a number of ways. Attacking, searching, surviving (you gain experience after each round passes), and crafting.
Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, for the first time in the country's history, issued a formal apology on Monday to the nation's indigenous people for their enduring centuries of mistreatment at the hands of settlers and political elite. Tsai also said she will lead a commission this year to address concerns and make reparations to the native population. Photo courtesy Voice of America
TAIPEI, Taiwan, Aug. 1 (UPI) -- For the first time in the nation's history, Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen issued a formal apology Monday to the indigenous people of Taiwan for their enduring centuries of "pain and mistreatment" at the hands of the country's power brokers.
Speaking at her presidential office surrounded by aboriginal leaders, Tsai said the nation has made numerous efforts to correct injustices of the past but noted an official apology was necessary.
"Today, we are taking another step forward. To all indigenous peoples of Taiwan: On behalf of the government, I express to you our deepest apology," the president said. "For the four centuries of pain and mistreatment you have endured, I apologize to you on behalf of the government."
About 2 percent of Taiwan's population of 23 million, roughly 540,000, are aborigines whose ancestors first began arriving in the country about 6,000 years ago. Three of about a dozen indigenous groups -- the Amis, Atayal and Paiwan -- comprise about 70 percent of Taiwan's native population.
When Chinese Han settlers began arriving in the 17th century, the indigenous people lost their lands and faced oppressive and violent treatment by the new rulers.
"Let me put in simple terms why we are apologizing to the indigenous peoples. Four hundred years ago, there were already people living in Taiwan. These first inhabitants lived their lives and had their own languages, cultures, customs, and domains. But then, without their consent, another group of people arrived on these shores, and in the course of history, took everything from the first inhabitants who, on the land they have known most intimately, became displaced, foreign, non-mainstream, and marginalized," Tsai added.
"Unless we deny that we are a country of justice, we must face up to this history."
RELATED Black Hawk spare parts ordered for Taiwan and Jordan
Tsai said an apology is just a preamble to greater actions. This year, she will lead a commission to address aboriginal injustice and push a law that outlines basic rights for the indigenous people, who typically must cope with lower wages, higher unemployment and inferior access to education.
"After the democratic transition, the country began to respond to the appeals of indigenous movements. The government made certain promises and efforts. Today, we have an Indigenous Peoples Basic Law that is quite advanced," she said. "However, government agencies have not given sufficient weight to this law. Our actions have not been fast enough, comprehensive enough or sound enough."
Tsai, who has led Taiwan for only 10 weeks, made it clear in her campaign that she would take steps to apologize and make reparations to the indigenous people. No other Taiwanese leader has ever issued an apology.
RELATED At least 26 people killed in Taiwan bus fire
"Today's apology is long overdue, but it is a beginning."
Alongside Ryzen, the Vega GPU is considered by many as AMD's spearhead product for 2017. As it's is slowly being finalized for mass production, we had the pleasure of meeting up with Scott Wasson and discuss the details of what Vega can bring to the table.
Scott started off the meeting by pointing out a major problem floating in the graphics industry today: graphics memory could no longer keep up with the demand of the processing power. In addition, conventional GPU architectures can't adequately scale to handle big data. The media creation industry is using petabytes of working data, and the deep learning sector is extending into the exabytes range.
AMD claims that the Vega architecture will feature the most advanced memory management to date from AMD.
One of AMD's highest priorities is to optimize memory performance to tailor to the variety of workloads as well as the sheer quantity. One of many measures, but by far the most critical, is to use high-bandwidth memory.
As graphics technology continue to evolve, the term “frame buffer” no longer applies in the conventional sense. Graphics memory has been designed to handle a variety of tasks for some time now, which is why AMD has decided to name its upcoming generation of graphics memory “High-Bandwidth Cache”. High-bandwidth memory was first seen on the Fury X graphics cards. Instead of using planar GDDR5 memory, AMD installed vertically stacked memory onto an interposer with the GPU, reducing trace travel distance while massively increasing bandwidth. Due to limitations of the first generation of HBM, the maximum memory capacity for each stack was limited to 1GB. Not only that, only 4 stacks could be installed on the interposer around the GPU die.
With Vega, everything is about to change. HBM2 increases the memory stack height to 8. According to AMD, HBM2 offers 2x bandwidth per pin vs HBM1. Considering how HBM2 has twice the capacity as HB1, this increase in bandwidth is needed to use the memory at peak performance.
While having a robust high-bandwidth cache on-chip is important, Vega's High-Bandwidth Cache controller extends beyond that. HBCC can also address external storage types as cache. Components such as system DRAM, NV (non-volatile) RAM and even network storage devices can be used to cache data needed for the GPU. You don't actually have to wait until Vega is released to see this feature in action, remember how the recently released Radeon SSG workstation card carried a 1TB SSD on-card but are separate from the graphics system? That's what it's used for.
With that in mind, it's no surprise that AMD boasts that Vega can theoretically address 512TB of virtual address space. The HBCC will also be able to mix and match which cache type is best suited for the workload on hand.
A prominent feature for gaming optimization is adaptive, fine-grained data movement. Essentially, what this does are allow for granular control of the assets being stored in the GPU's VRAM.
To demonstrate a usage scenario for adaptive fine grain movement, AMD showed us a graph of how most of today's games allocate graphics memory. Most games only access and render out about half of the graphics memory they reserve, leaving a huge chunk of unused overhead. AMD hopes to alleviate this situation by dynamically allocating the memory based on the access pattern and reserve memory more closely to the demand of the operation. This is possible thanks to Vega's High Bandwidth Cache and new HBC controller, which allows developers to swap data in and out of the framebuffer more quickly and without the added latency and performance reduction you'd see on previous architectures. AMD claims these enhancements will effectively double the GPU's memory capacity, which is a rather bold statement.
HBM2's memory interface is double that of HBM1. Each pin can transmit 2x the bandwidth. What this means is that while the Vega GPU die AMD showed off appears to have only two stacks of HBM2 memory compared to the four stacks of HBM1 found on the Fiji GPU (Fury X), it can still theoretically offer the same memory bandwidth while offering a higher capacity and smaller footprint compared to HBM1.
Of course, compared to traditional planar GDDR5 which requires the memory to be spread across a large area, HBM2 offers a significantly smaller footprint. This leaves more room for other components and features, or reduce the length and cost of the PCB altogether.
AMD showcased a scene from Deus X: Mankind Divided. When the textures are stripped, the wireframes show that there are nearly 20 million polygons in a single frame. Scott explains that some of these objects can be as small as a pixel. In the enterprise simulation sector, the workload is even heavier. A typical workload can reach north of 200 million geometries per frame.
To tackle all these problems, AMD has redesigned the geometry engine and changed the pipeline geometries are rendered. Steps such as culling and primitive discard have all been improved over the existing design. On top of which, the geometry pipeline is now programmable.
Overall, the efficiency of the architecture was able to improve the peak throughput per clock compared to the original design. It looks like this time around, AMD is actually improving the efficiency of the shaders. AMD didn't go into much detail about how they achieved this technically, but keep in mind that this is report is just a tidbit of what's to come.
Vega will allow geometry and vertex shaders to be programmed via Primitive Shaders. In the traditional sense, the shading process is a fixed pipeline that follows a script of steps. With Primitive Shaders, the vertex and geometry shaders are technically being considered as primitives. This is very helpful in a feature called primitive discarding, where objects that are blocked from view get discard before outputted on screen. By reducing vertex and geometry shader into primitives allows for more efficient and faster hardware discarding, which can greatly reduce overhead on the GPU workload. AMD has stated that this technology needs to be exposed by an API or within the driver. Currently, DX12 does not support exposing primitive shaders, but that doesn't mean it can't be added in the future.
The intelligent Workgroup Distributor can now spread workloads on more than 4 Shader Engines. Each shader engine composes of a geometry engine, compute engine, and a pixel engine.
One of AMD's goal with Vega is to make the NCU as flexible as possible. The slide above demonstrates how the number of operations per clock scales based on the length of the instructions: the shorter the instructions, the more operations can be processed per clock.
To understand why this is crucial, we have to understand where these data types are used. The slide above caters strictly to floating-point numbers, which is just a fancy term for a decimal number. Popular types of floating point numbers include 8-bit , 16-bit, 32-bit, and 32-bit. Each length is useful for a different workload. For example, in deep learning, 8-bit float is extremely popular because data volume is prioritized over precision (precision is generated using an average of volume). In gaming, 16-bit are required to describe lighting, physics, and other numerical values that require such level of precision. By making performance scale with the workload on hand, Vega can become a workhorse in both gaming rigs and data centers.
The secret to the scaling lies within the registers. The 32-bit FPU register in Vega can be split into multiple, lower bit FPU register if the instructions are similar in kind and width. Compared to the old architecture where the register must wait to be cleared no matter the length of the datatype, the new design in Vega can potentially double and quadruple the instructions per clock in certain scenarios. When it encounters a continuous stream of 16-bit operations, it can actually disable half the register to increase performance and decrease overhead. All the mumbo-jumbo translates to one thing: Higher instructions per clock (IPC).
So how do you push more data when you have already perfected IPC? Boost the clock speed of course! Compared to to Compute Unite (CU) from the previous generation, the NCU in Vega could push more clock and reduce the latency between operations.
With Vega, AMD has fundamentally changed the way geometries are rasterized. Rasterization is the process of converting the rendered geometries into the pixels displayed on-screen. It's also the stage where obstructed/unseen parts of the frame are clipped and culled. Historically, AMD has used immediate-mode rasterization that rasterized on the entire screen before moving onto the next stage. It's a dated method but it worked well for its time.
AMD's new Draw Stream Binning Rasterizers uses tile-based rasterization. Instead of drawing the screen all at once, tile-based rasterization divides the screen into smaller “blocks” and rasterizes the components inside each block individually. The blocks are then stitched together to form the final scene. Tile-based rasterization offers two distinct advantages. One: by working with a smaller block, the amount of memory required to store data is significantly reduced. This means that the vertices and their associated information can now be worked into the on-chip bin cache without having to load it into memory. Two: Because each block is rasterized from start to finish before moving on to the next, the rasterizer only needs to make one pass on the screen to perform all the necessary clipping and culling functions.
Nvidia has been using tile-based rasterization since Maxwell. According to AnandTech, it was an attributing factor to its performance leap from Kepler. It's also a technique traditionally used in mobile SoCs such as Qualcomm's Adreno. The goal of DSBR is to save power and improve performance in various instances it can increase effective memory bandwidth on lower-end parts, but also reduce power consumption on higher-end graphics solutions as well.
With the new architecture, the Pixel engine no longer has to go through the memory controller before it can access the L2 Cache. In addition, the L2 Cache doesn't need to be cleared before being accessed nor will it interfere with operations performed on the cache by other components. We think this is also where the rasterized frame is being kept on-chip, so by allowing the pixel engine to access the L2 cache directly could potentially enable some of the pre-rasterized assets to be reused for the next frame.
To sum it up, there are four pillars for Vega's success: High-Bandwidth Cache (HBM2), Programmable Geometry Pipeline, NCU, and a new Pixel Engine. Vega is expected to release in the first half of 2017. AMD was not ready to detail any specific products, but they did point out that the first product which was demoed running DOOM at 4K at over 60 FPS, was aimed at the high-end market segment. When asked about whether all Vega cards will be carrying HBM2, AMD gave us the good ol' shrug and smile. AMD also said the press deck only reveals a portion of Vega's features, so stay tuned for more juicy info as they appear.
Tom Li contibuted to this report.
Just as Reuters predicted last Friday, the parent company of Cascade Helmets and Maverik Lacrosse has filed for bankruptcy. Performance Sports Group (PSG) Ltd listed $594 million in assets and $608 million in debts in its Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition. Other PSG brands include Bauer Hockey, Mission Roller Hockey, Inaria, Combat, and Easton Baseball/Softball.
The news comes just days following the unveiling of the Cascade LX, a product Cascade Helmets has designed to meet the new ASTM Standards for headgear and eyewear in women's lacrosse.
New women's #lacrosse headgear from @cascade_lacrosse: ? or ?? A post shared by Lacrosse All Stars (@laxallstars) on Oct 21, 2016 at 7:45pm PDT
Reasons for the PSG's bankruptcy
Here are the reasons for Performance Sports Group's situation according to USA Today:
Significant decrease in retail sales across all product categories The Chapter 11 filing of Sports Authority in March, which triggered a $90 million loss of PSG inventory Bankruptcies of other key customers Adverse market and economic conditions Customer credit issues Currency issues
The flatlined growth of youth baseball hasn't helped either – the bat category has experienced a significant downturn. Because of all this PSG has filed for protection from its creditors in Delaware and Canada.
The company has lined up a “stalking horse” bid from a current shareholder, Sagard Capital Partners, and Fairfax Holdings that's just shy of $600 million. This will be the leading bid in the auctioning of the company's assets. A final sale must be approved by the bankruptcy judge.
Through the recent filing process, Performance Sports Group also secured access to bankruptcy loans totaling $386 million. This is known as debtor-in-possession financing, which enables the company to continue operating. PSG will continue paying employee wages, salaries and benefits.
Overall the situation shouldn't affect lacrosse players much as long as operations stay normal. Here's hoping things go smoothly in the boardroom the next few months.
We believe that pursuing a sale through a court-supervised restructuring process represents the best path forward for our customers, vendors, retail and business partners, employees and other stakeholders. While the sale process is underway, our employees will remain focused on serving our customers and consumers and delivering our industry leading products and brands.
– CEO Harlan Kent
On we go, with our analysis of the trades of the Dayton Moore era as General Manager of the Kansas City Royals. When combined together, the results up until 2010 have not been altogether flattering. As was mentioned in the previous piece, as we get closer in years to the present day, the data becomes less reliable as many of the players involved in these trades are still in the minor leagues so there are no statistics with which to come up with their WAR. Due to the number of trades made in the 2010 year, this year will be split into 2 columns with the next and final piece also including the conclusion to this evaluation. So without any further ado, the GMDM trades of 2010:
May 1, 2010: The Kansas City Royals traded Carlos Rosa to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Rey Navarro (minors).
In 2 forgettable seasons with the Royals, Rosa compiled a 0.3 WAR, which is right around replacement level. He was clearly expendable, and was out of baseball after the 2010 season. Navarro spent last season in Double A Northwest Arkansas, and at best, projects out to be a slick-fielding utility infielder who can't hit. He will likely spend 2012 in Triple A Omaha. So while Arizona technically wins this trade on WAR, the Royals have a chance to come out on top still.
Rosa: 0.1 WAR with Diamondbacks (2010)
Navarro: 0.0 WAR (has yet to appear for Royals)
Diamondbacks win trade by 0.1 WAR
July 22, 2010: The Kansas City Royals traded Alberto Callaspo to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim for Will Smith (minors) and Sean O'Sullivan.
At the time this trade was made, the consensus was that the Royals sold high on Callaspo and made out well. O'Sullivan was pegged as a solid, young back of the rotation starter, and Smith was a lower level minor leaguer with a little more upside. A year and half later, the consensus is that O'Sullivan isn't very good, Smith is still a few years away, and Callaspo has continued to be an effective player for the Angels, sporting a stellar .366 OBP and 4.5 WAR (near all-star level) in 2011. However, at the time he was traded, the Royals needed to find a way to get Wilson Betemit in the lineup, and knew they had Mike Moustakas coming up soon, so Callaspo needed to be dealt while his stock was high. While O'Sullivan has shown some flashes, he has been more bad than good. He is however, still just 24 years old so it is possible he could turn the corner and become a useful major league pitcher. Smith is just 22 and pitched at Northwest Arkansas in 2011. He will likely make the jump to Omaha in 2012. He is not currently on the 40-man roster, but is slated to be a non-roster invitee to spring training. Just going by the numbers and the productivity that each team has received at the major league level up to this point, this trade qualifies as the single biggest fleecing of the Dayton Moore era…and not the kind of fleecing you want to see if you're a Royals fan.
Callaspo: 5.0 WAR with Angels (1/2 of 2010 and 2011)
Smith: 0.0 WAR (has yet to appear for Royals)
O'Sullivan: -2.0 WAR with Royals (1/2 of 2010 and 2011)
Angels win trade by 7.0 WAR
July 28, 2010: The Kansas City Royals traded Scott Podsednik to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Elisaul Pimentel (minors) and Lucas May.
When Moore signed Podsednik as a free agent prior to the 2010 season, the best case scenario would have been for Pods to play at a high level for half a season, allowing the Royals to flip him at the deadline for some useful pieces for the long-term. And that is exactly what happened. Podsednik, at the age of 34, was in the midst of putting up statistically the second best season of his lengthy career with a line of .310/.353/.400. Moore then predicatbly found a taker for him at the deadline in the Dodgers. In return the Royals received Pitcher Elisaul Pimentaul and Catcher Lucas May. Pimentel spent 2011 at Double A Northwest Arkansas and has yet to establish himself as anything more than organizational depth. May appeared with the Royals in 2010 for an uninspiring 39 plate appearances, before being dealt in 2011 to the Arizona Diamondbacks. Podsednik did little for the Dodgers after this trade, but judging off of WAR, the Royals once again came out on the short end.
Podsednik: 0.0 WAR with Dodgers (1/2 of 2010)
Pimentel: 0.0 WAR (has yet to appear for Royals)
May: -0.6 WAR with Royals (1/2 of 2010)
Dodgers win trade by 0.6 WAR
July 31, 2010: The Kansas City Royals traded Rick Ankiel and Kyle Farnsworth to the Atlanta Braves for Gregor Blanco, Jesse Chavez and Tim Collins.
What was said above about best case scenario for Podsednik, can also be applied to the signing of Rick Ankiel. However, it ends there as Ankiel was far from effective in his half-season with the Royals. In fact, at times it seemed he might be attempting his best Juan Gonzalez impersonation with all of the time he spent on the DL. It was a miracle the Royals were able to unload him on anyone. Farnsworth was brutal in 2009, his first year with the Royals. However, in 2010, he bounced back in a big way making himself a very attractive chip at the trade deadline. Of the 3 players the Royals received in exchange for these 2, Tim Collins is the only one still with the Royals and will be battling for a spot on the 2012 opening day roster pitching out of the bullpen. With him being the only player in the entire trade still on the roster of the team they were traded to, this trade could get even better for the Royals as time goes on.
Ankiel: 0.3 WAR with Braves (1/2 of 2010)
Farnsworth: -0.3 WAR with Braves (1/2 of 2010)
Blanco: 0.4 WAR with Royals (1/2 of 2010)
Chavez: -1.0 WAR with Royals (1/2 of 2010 and 2011)
Collins: 1.1 WAR with Royals (2011)
Royals win trade by 0.5 WAR
Please come back next week for the conclusion of this evaluation. So far, it is not looking good for Dayton…
politics The “Webster Effect” Has a Chilling Effect on Staff and Makes for Worse Council Decisions
When City staff don't feel they have the freedom to offer professional advice without consequences, the process is compromised.
“Excellence in bureaucracy isn't defined like excellence in private enterprise. Excellence in a bureaucracy is the ability to put forth the positions that are consistent with those adopted by the mayor.”
TTC Commissioner Councillor Frank Di Giorgio, attempting to justify his vote to fire TTC Chief General Manager Gary Webster “without cause,” February 21, 2012.
Last week, Mayor John Tory's SmartTrack got a step closer to reality. In an ideal world, a TTC or city planner would have long ago stood up and declared SmartTrack an unnecessary multi-billion dollar election promise best abandoned. Perhaps they could have paraphrased what Gary Webster advised Toronto City Council in 2012: “We don't recommend spending money you don't have on an asset you don't need.” Alas, such courage is lost in part because of the climate Frank Di Giorgio helped cultivate.
It's called the “Webster Effect.” Coined by Shelley Carroll (Ward 33, Don Valley East), it is the reluctance of City of Toronto experts—planners, executives, bureaucrats—to give frank and fearless advice out of fear of limiting career advancement or losing their jobs, as Gary Webster so famously and publicly did. With City staff now seeming to have become more political than professional, it's worth recalling how the Webster Effect came to be.
My role from the end of 2010 to early 2014 was to advise and assist the chair of the TTC. Any self-described city builder would have loved the job, even with its frustrations. By early 2012, we had arrived at the most politically tumultuous time in the history of amalgamated Toronto. Mayor Rob Ford intended on killing Transit City—former mayor David Miller's provincially-funded plan to add LRT transit lines across the city. Ford's team (which included current John Tory advisor Nick Kouvalis) had come up with an unfunded alternative plan consisting of underground subways while the province buried the entire length of the Eglinton Crosstown LRT line primarily intended for at-grade use. After almost a year of delay to gauge the technological and financial feasibility of his plan, Mayor Rob Ford was reluctantly challenged by my boss, TTC chair Karen Stintz. Joe Mihevc (Ward 21, St. Paul's) got a legal opinion stating the mayor had no authority to cancel Transit City without Council's approval. Stintz and Mihevc led the charge to bring the issue to Council in February, 2012, via a historic special meeting.
TTC Chief General Manager Gary Webster gave his professional opinion on Mayor Ford's subway plan at that meeting. Again, “We don't recommend spending money you don't have on an asset you don't need.” Succinct and honest, he said it on the floor of City Council. It embarrassed the mayor and his team. Transit City won the vote, 25-18. Mayor Ford and his allies wanted vengeance.
On February 21, 2012, all nine TTC commissioners—all councillors—began a special TTC meeting to discuss “personnel matters.” Some of them intended to fire Mr. Webster for the crime of giving his professional opinion to Council. The names are familiar and their choices are worth recalling. Maria Augimeri (Ward 9, York Centre), Peter Milczyn, John Parker and Karen Stintz defended Webster. Vincent Crisanti (Ward 1, Etobicoke North), Frank Di Giorgio, Cesar Palacio (Ward 17, Davenport), Norm Kelly (Ward 40, Scarborough-Agincourt) (yes, @norm!), and their leader, Denzil Minnan-Wong (Ward 34, Don Valley East), wanted Webster terminated two years early, immediately, regardless of of the well-over $500,000 cost and the destabilizing message it sent to the 90-year-old TTC as an organization. Unlike most other private in-camera TTC meetings, this was one where I was asked to not remain in the room. Instead, I was tasked with holding the team together in my office.
In my office boardroom were Webster and some of his senior TTC staff, including newly hired protege Andy Byford, Chris Upfold, Dave Dixon, and Brad Ross, the director of communications who was in and out a lot that day. Chief of Staff Andrew Bodrug remained in the board meeting but also came in and out of our office. John Parker and Karen Stintz kept me updated via BBM messages, as I did them. They told me there was a lot of anger and shouting in that conference room.
Going into the meeting, Webster—a devout man—was obviously worried and expected the worst, but he was at relative peace surrounded by colleagues who truly liked him. About two-and-a-half hours in, from the messages coming into my Blackberry, it seemed that maybe Gary's job was safe (I didn't share that hope). Webster certainly started thinking that. That photo above of the group in my office was taken for Parker and Stintz, sent to show the mood in my office. I clearly recall a few nervous chuckles and a sense of relief settling in. Our collective guard was down when at around 2:15 p.m., about three hours after the meeting started, I got the BBM message saying Gary Webster had been fired after more than 35 years of honourable service to the city. I told Gary the bad news, and will never forget the gasping whimper he made. There were hugs at the table. I said “sorry,” left, and waited just outside to give them some privacy. Brad, Karen, and others came to script how to address the press together with now-former chief general manager. They then all left to face the cameras. Andy Byford remained with me, and we made small talk through the shock and anger.
Byford, only recently arrived in Toronto, became a friend of mine due to our mutual love of soccer and shared world travels. He was new here, but people quickly came to like him around City Hall and at TTC headquarters. Andy had been chosen by Webster and Stintz to be next in line once Webster retired (by 2014). A stable, orderly transfer of power was the plan, now scuttled.
Almost immediately, Karen came to Bodrug and me and told us a message had to be sent back to the mayor's side, to show that Council—not the mayor—reigned supreme. She would get Council to fire the TTC Board in order to reconstitute it without the five who fired Gary Webster. It would also kickstart the addition of private citizens to the board. The risk was that Bodrug and I would lose our jobs if she lost a vote to remain chair. We agreed as a matter of principle; but I feared losing my job, and Bodrug would have been left with a much- diminished role.
The TTC board was reconstituted. The four who voted to save Webster stayed on; the five who fired Gary were in turn fired from the board. Joining Augimeri, Milczyn, Parker and Stintz were Raymond Cho, Josh Colle (Ward 15, Eglinton-Lawrence) and Glenn De Baeremaeker (Ward 38, Scarborough Centre). From that moment, Mayor Ford lost not only the TTC Board but also City Council.
Former ombudsman Fiona Crean, mere weeks before Webster was fired, talked to Council about bringing legal safeguards to protect civil servants, to allow them to give professional opinions without fear of losing their jobs. That was 2012. In 2014, Council passed a by-law which was supposed to do just that. However, on its face, it does not protect those who want to do what Gary Webster did—express an honest professional opinion. An elected official can still get away with coercively influencing the opinion of a city employee.
Which brings us to the John Tory era.
SmartTrack is an exercise in fitting facts to conclusions, to fulfil Mayor Tory's ill-considered election promise. Generally speaking, if a leader says, “I think this is our general direction. Go and research the hell out of it and we'll make decisions based on those facts,” that is proper decision making. But if a leader says, “This is what we're doing. Go and find me facts that support it,” that is an abuse of power. If an unchangeable conclusion precedes identifying the underlying facts, it's not scientific, it's not democratic, and it's not intellectually defensible.
Honourable people can debate conclusions in good faith—but only if they have all the facts in front of them. The Webster Effect happens when City employees are frightened into withholding or even distorting pertinent information, thereby eliminating the possibility of free and informed debate. Whether Gardiner East, the Scarborough Subway, SmartTrack, or even Rail Deck Park, many decisions which on their face seem questionable are being supported by City staff in ways which might suggest political coercion or at least an absence of proper vetting.
Jean-Pierre Boutros was the senior advisor to the TTC chair from 2010 to 2014. He ran for Council in Ward 16 in 2014, and can be found on Twitter.
A typo introduced in editing had one instance of the February 21, 2012 meeting as 2016. We regret the error, which has been fixed.
by anja eriud in Feminism Tags: Children, Fathers, Parental Alienation, Parents, Women
It's a particularly Irish expression – and it relates to children. Usually said if a child has been caught “up to no good” and sure what child hasn't been?
But, when an adult did, or in some case still does, catch one of these little rascals in the act – the first thing they want to know is “who owns ya” generally followed by “ya lttle skelp”” because parents are ultimately responsible for what their children get up too.
Now, the concept of “ownership” in relation to children in this instance isn't the same as ownership of inanimate property, or wasn't, but as I said above, a concept whereby parents were responsible for what their children got up too, when out and about, or out of sight of their parents beady eyes.
All that has changed – because of feminism – in the 21st century women OWN their children – exclusively, with men in some instances being reduced to being merely unwitting sperm donors. Though of course, the cost of maintaining this “property” rests solely on the shoulders of these unfortunate, and as I said, possibly deceived men – on the shoulders exclusively of Fathers. And The State.
Because now, the word Father, rather being something that evokes honourable men, working to support, parent and care for their children out of love for them – has, through the machinations of feminists become a dirty word, a word spoken with contempt and derision, a word that evokes only one thought – “how much can I make him pay?”
Through the malign influence of feminism, women whether feminists or not, have manufactured the most ridiculous myths and fables, created and spewed the most exaggerated and hyperbolic rhetoric about “the miracle of childbirth” and the “Myth of Motherhood”
Have made an normal and natural biological event that almost every single mammal on this planet does, into some kind of iconic action invested with magical properties, has made being the female parent of a human child, some kind of mystical and cosmically significant activity, all the while reducing the male parent of a human child to an insignificant donor of some “genetic material”
All so that women could do the exact opposite of what they usually claim are their motives for their sometimes vicious campaigns of Parental Alienation against the Father (s) of these children.
“I'm doing it for the children” or “it's for their own good” or “he doesn't deserve MY children”
See, here, here, here and here and go here.
Really? Is that so? Actually to all you women who use any of the above, or any variation of the above, BULLSHIT – you're doing what you are doing because you are a 24-carat, Grade A Bitch, a malicious, nasty, disgusting and miserable example of a human being.
You are being a total and utter C**T!
Anyone who reads this and knows some female like this, or who is doing this, you are enabling, endorsing and giving your approval to a total and utter C**T – and no – I don't care if she's your sister, your friend, your aunt or any female that you include in your family or social circle.
She is a C**T and you are collaborating with this C**T
Further, if you know the father of these children and in your opinion he's a bit of arsehole – SO WHAT? What does YOUR opinion matter? NOT ONE LITTLE BIT – because I'll tell whose opinion matters here.
HIS CHILDREN'S – not yours, not hers, not your families, not your friends – nobodies but those children's.
And no, not what SHE says the children “really feel” – because she has manipulated, intimidated, pressured and emotionally blackmailed those children into rejecting their Father's – because she is a C**T.
End of.
You know what this is about? Not about mothers rights or to some extent Fathers Rights – but a child's RIGHT – as an autonomous little human being to the care, companionship and love of BOTH his/her PARENTS – not as a concession granted by one reluctant parent to another, NOT access, NOT contact, NOT as a battle to be fought in a Family Court infested and infected with the slimy and fraudulent evil whisperings and lies of feminists.
Any woman who deprives the child or children she created WITH the man, or in some cases men, of that child or children's RIGHT to be parented by BOTH his/her parents EQUALLY
IS A C**T
May you rot in hell you evil, nasty, vicious bitches, may you not know a single day of real happiness or contentment, and may those children you abused – yes abused – learn of what you did – and hate your guts – leave you to fester in malignant old age, alone and muttering to yourself:
“I did it for the children”
For those who KNOW this is going on – who KNOW one of these C**T's and again I repeat, so what if she is your sister, your friend – whatever – YOU are collaborating with a C**T who is abusing those children.
Endorsing, giving approval to, giving the nod to, turning a blind to, and pretending you don't see – children being abused!
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
SPEAK UP!
To all those women smugly making the lives of the father (s) a living hell on earth – no matter how young that child or children is or are, they will remember, they are recording and storing in their memories, everything you did, every lie you told, every vicious act you perpetrated, they might not be able to process it yet, they might not even understand what is going on – but they WILL – one day – and they WILL judge you – and there is no harsher judge of a parent than a child who learns the truth about that parent.
Even if they don't, even if you manage to totally brainwash them, you are and always will be nothing but a total and utter C**T.
Till the day you die.
© Anja Eriud 2014
Pretoria - The tongue and chin of a security guard were cut out after he was killed at a hostel in Marikana, the Farlam Commission of Inquiry heard on Monday.
The flesh was "given to the inyanga to burn till they were ashes," said the witness dubbed "Mr X".
It was mixed with muti to be used for men to lick and be strengthened.
Mr X testified about how two security guards were killed on 12 August 2012.
When the striking workers arrived at the hostel, the security guards tried to talk to the strikers, but they ignored them.
"They tried shooting, but their guns didn't work.
"The guns didn't work because the inyanga said we would not be shot at because of the rituals we underwent.
"They fired the bullets but the bullets did not harm us. The bullets get stuck on your body," he said.
Mr X said two security guards ran towards a car which was parked near a bus stop.
Shots were fired at the security guards and a car was set alight with a security guard inside. One of the security guards was stabbed with a spear.
Mr X said he also participated by hitting the security guard on his cheek with a panga.
"Bhele cut the security guard's chin and tongue.
"Anele scooped the blood with a bush knife and put it in the plastic bag," he said.
Mr X said after the security guards were killed, more people went to the mountain for the rituals.
"People who did not believe in muti came after the security guards were killed, they came in their numbers," he said.
The strikers did rituals at a mountain where they were instructed not to be intimate with women, not to bath, and to carry their sticks in a horizontal position not touching the ground.
They were not allowed to change clothes and had to use their fists when pointing.
Mr X said the strikers marched to the K4 shaft and set alight seven vehicles.
While Mr X was testifying about the killings a woman left the auditorium crying.
The commission continues.
Amman, Jordan - Enjoying a rare moment of privacy, a young couple talks in hushed tones next to a Christmas tree in the corner of a sparse reception room at Amman's Malkite Greek Catholic Church. Outside, the church's small compound bustles as the 120 refugees living here go about their daily routine of cooking, laundering clothes, talking and waiting.
All are Christians who fled Iraq after the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) advanced across the country's north. They are among more than 5,000 Iraqi Christians granted temporary shelter in churches and homes throughout Jordan, and as they prepare for their first Christmas as refugees, they consider themselves lucky.
"Thank God we are here now and we have this," said Najem Handaniyeh, waving his hand around the small single room where he lives with his wife and four children. The room consists of two bunk beds and a few donated cooking utensils; a donated portrait of Jesus hangs from a nail on the otherwise bare wall. "Any Christian still in our home is now either Muslim or dead."
INTERACTIVE: Iraq's exodus
Most refugees travelled to Amman from Erbil, the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan, where many of the 120,000 displaced Christians now live in tents. Although refugees say they are grateful to Jordan for hosting them, conditions in the church are becoming increasingly difficult to bear.
"For all the people here, there is only one toilet, and until last week we didn't have a shower," Handaniyeh told Al Jazeera. "We have no money to buy water to wash. We tell our children to wait and be patient, but it's difficult as they can't go to school."
Thank God we are here now and we have this. Any Christian still in our home is now either Muslim or dead. - Najem Handaniyeh, refugee at the Malkite Greek Catholic Church
A dozen of these small accommodation units line the walls of church's courtyard; roofs are covered in plastic sheeting and held down by stones to guard against winter rains. The church hall is partitioned with walls to create separate lodgings, each housing a family. An outbuilding serves as a laundry room, hosting a sole washing machine that runs non-stop.
Women gather in one unit to fuss over a newborn baby, while children kick a football and run between the lines of drying clothes. Their parents faced a stark choice after ISIL seized their hometowns.
"They said convert to Islam or die and gave us one day to decide, so we fled," Nual Ibrahim, a former resident of Mosul, told Al Jazeera. "There is no future in Iraq for us now but we have no papers, no money and begin at zero again. To be a refugee is like being sick, you live just to eat and sleep."
Such sentiments have become common in this region. Years of conflict have ravaged neighbouring Syria and Iraq, making Jordan an oasis of stability and security.
The ensuing waves of refugees have heaped pressure on authorities and the local population. The United Nations has registered 640,000 Syrian refugees in Jordan, although the government says there are double that number. After the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq and years of ensuing violence, 30,000 Iraqis who fled remain in Jordan, while two million Palestinian refugees - whose camps have become established towns after decades in exile - also call the kingdom home.
Despite the obvious pressures on a country with a population of 6.4 million and few natural resources, Jordan's King Abdullah II extended a welcome to some of the Iraqi Christians displaced by ISIL, describing the protection of the Middle East's Christian communities as a "duty".
While refugees paid for their travel from Erbil, their daily needs are met by Christian charities. Their visas allow them to stay in Jordan prior to resettlement in third countries.
RELATED: Iraqi Christian refugees trapped in limbo
Christianity in Iraq dates back nearly 2,000 years. Aramaic, the language spoken by Jesus, is still spoken by some of the country's Assyrian communities, and Mosul - which was seized by ISIL this summer - and surrounding towns on the Nineveh Plain were the heartland of Christianity in Iraq and home to a host of liturgical traditions, ancient monasteries and churches.
That history is quickly being eradicated. Qaraqosh, which was the largest Christian city in Iraq and home to 40,000 people, fell to ISIL in August when Kurdish forces withdrew from the town.
"When ISIL arrived, we took nothing from our homes and left with just the clothes on our backs," Yusuf Ishak Bahey, a 66-year-old former resident, told Al Jazeera. "In two hours, the town was emptied."
When ISIL arrived, we took nothing from our homes and left with just the clothes on our backs. In two hours, the town was emptied. Yusuf Ishak Bahey, former resident
Tom Holland, an author and historian of late antiquity, says religious diversity in Iraq and the region is at risk from the extreme interpretations of Sunni Islam espoused by groups such as ISIL. Along with Christians, Shia Muslims and ancient sects tracing their history to Babylonian times, such as the Yazidis and Mandeans, have become subject to persecution and been pressured to flee their native lands.
"The roots of Christianity in Iraq are as old as Christianity itself," Holland told Al Jazeera. "But now they are a vanishing minority."
Between the US-led Iraq wars of 1991 and 2003, the Christian population of Iraq fell to 800,000 from one million. The number decreased significantly again in the years of bloodshed and chaos following the 2003 invasion, and is now estimated to be between 200,000 and 500,000.
"Ironically, it was the invasion of Iraq, launched under the aegis of two devoutly Christian leaders, George Bush and Tony Blair, that heralded the increasing persecution of Iraqi Christians," Holland said. "Extortion, kidnapping and murder became their daily fare."
Holland said the dismantling of the Ottoman Empire after the World War I began the process of Christian displacement, as artificial nation states were created across the Middle East.
"Nationalism and ethnic identities took on an increasingly assertive tone - Greeks were expelled from Turkey, Turks from Greece and Jews from everywhere," he said. "The problem for Christians, though, was that they had no homeland. Now, as the inadequacies of the western model of the nation-state in the Middle East are brutally exposed, they find themselves with nowhere to hide."
In a recent speech on the threat posed by ISIL, US President Barack Obama raised the importance of maintaining religious diversity, noting: "We cannot allow these communities to be driven from their ancient homeland."
But it may already be too late.
"Iraq is destroyed now," said Ibrahim, the former Mosul resident now sheltering in Amman. "We just want to go somewhere where we can live in peace."
Follow Nigel O'Connor on Twitter: @nigel_oconnor
This weekend, I found myself deeply depressed after attending the Sundance premiere of Racing Extinction, Louis Psihoyos' newest documentary about the human-made mass extinction that is currently threatening the planet — but not for the obvious reasons. A lot of the material is not news for the average follower of environmental affairs: An unprecedented spike in carbon dioxide, an acidifying ocean that's slowly ending aquatic life as we know it, and rapidly disappearing species all over the globe. Sad, but pretty much par for the course. What really got me was, instead, found inside of a cardboard box a few hours after the film's conclusion.
Racing Extinction starts out with Psihoyos explaining that “there's more than just human perception.” That includes a whole spectrum of sounds and sights that you, the ostensibly normal person, have probably spent a cumulative 45 seconds of your entire life thinking about: whale sighs, bird songs, microscopic plankton. The idea is that the global ecosystem as we know it will collapse should any of these species go silent — as they are, at a rate between 1,000 and 10,000 times faster than that of the background extinction rate.
The thesis of Racing Extinction is that if we can bring the sights and sounds of the natural world to humans who would otherwise never think about them, they might be motivated to alter their habits enough to stave off disastrous degrees of climate change. And sometimes, this actually does seem to work. For example, we learn that fishermen off the Yucatán Peninsula have actually been able to make more money from taking tourists swimming with whale sharks — and getting to know them up close and personal (but not too personal) — than they have from hunting them.
But for those who can't make it to the Gulf of Mexico themselves, Psihoyos suggests, there's the option of a virtual experience. At the movie's climactic moment, the filmmakers project the sounds and images of sea life across New York City skyscrapers as a stunt for the Oceanic Preservation Society — to “bring nature to the city.” It's lovely, if a little overwrought: Cue shots of New Yorkers weeping quietly as they're suddenly surrounded by massive projections of whales and turtles and crumbling mollusks, complete with stats on their imminent extinction.
The real heartache didn't hit me until after leaving the theater. Within a couple hours of leaving the premiere — which concluded with the rare Sundance standing ovation — I wandered into one of the countless corporate-sponsored showcases that permeate the festival. In a very dim, red-lit room, I found dozens of Sundance attendees stumbled around staring upwards into cardboard boxes held over their eyes, not talking to anyone.
“Would you like to try Google Cardboard?” asked a very chipper product rep. It was cheaper (read: free) than the $9 Grey Goose cocktails being offered across the room, and appeared to be a better bet for escaping reality for a few moments.
Google Cardboard, for the happily unaware, is literally a piece of cardboard that you fold into a box, wrap around your smartphone, and use to block out the world around you as you enjoy the virtual reality program of your choice. It is the everyman's Oculus Rift.
Holding what felt like a stereoscope designed by the USPS over my face, I found myself dropped into a Pacific Northwest mountain scene, complete with tranquil lake, snow-capped peaks, flocks of birds and, inexplicably, fits of swirling colored ribbons.
This went on for a few minutes before I started to feel profoundly sad, and more than a little dizzy. Are we really at a point where people would rather experience nature through a smartphone screen, I thought, which is where the sad majority of us spend our time anyway? Why can't you just go to a damn lake?
Well, as my brother-in-law thoughtfully reminded me later, what if you can't get to a damn lake? What if you, like more than half of the world, live in a city? What if you don't have the time or the money or the means of transportation to spend time in nature?
It's kind of the ultimate in tragic irony: The fate of the planet rests on the actions of a species that largely does not care about whether other plants or animals live or die, because we are so far removed from them in our day-to-day lives. This distance isn't necessarily a bad thing in and of itself — the whole “swimming with whales” thing sounds great, but it's really not feasible for the vast majority of the world and probably wouldn't be that great for the whales, either. The best hope that they have for survival is for their images to be virtually dangled in front of our eyes: Hello! Here we are! Please don't let us die!
I don't disagree with Psihoyos' evaluation that humans have a difficult time caring about other living things when they aren't even aware of them, and I don't think it's a bad idea at all to try to increase that awareness through film or art or virtual reality. I just don't know what's the bleaker fact here: That the best access to nature for most humans might, eventually, have to come by way of yet another screen, or that — without those screens — there's very little hope that humans will care about it at all.
In this Sept. 11, 2014, file photo, University of Illinois Board of Trustees Chairman Chris Kennedy, listens during a trustees meeting in Urbana, Ill. Hanah Jubeh, a Kennedy campaign adviser, said Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, that the businessman and the son of the late US Senator and Attorney General Robert Kennedy, will run for Illinois governor in 2018. (Photo11: Rick Danzl, AP)
CHICAGO — Chris Kennedy, an Illinois businessman and the son of the late Robert F. Kennedy, announced Wednesday that he will join the Democratic race for governor in Illinois.
Boston-born Kennedy, 53, moved to Illinois 30 years ago and is leading a major real estate development in Chicago. He said he hopes to oust Republican Bruce Rauner, who is up for re-election in 2018.
The son of the former attorney general and nephew of President John F. Kennedy co-founded and runs Top Box Foods, a hunger relief non-profit organization. He serves as chairman of Joseph P. Kennedy Enterprises Inc., the Kennedy family's investment firm, and previously served as chairman of the University of Illinois Board of Trustees.
Rauner, a wealthy former venture capitalist, poured $50 million into his campaign coffers late last year, and gave nearly as much to fellow Illinois Republicans in 2016.
State Democrats have been searching for a high-profile, and perhaps independently wealthy, candidate to take on the deep-pocketed Rauner in what is expected to be an expensive race.
In a video posted on YouTube announcing his candidacy, Kennedy did not mention Rauner by name but flashed photos of the governor along with news headlines about the state's growing budget crisis. He lamented the “growing despair” and “bewilderment” in Illinois, which is mired in billions of dollars of debt.
“I'm running for governor because I believe the state is headed in the wrong direction,” Kennedy said. “I believe in working with others, not telling them what to do.”
Illinois has been without a full-year budget since July 2015 as Rauner and the Democratic-controlled Legislature remain at an impasse over how to close budget shortfalls leftover after former governor Pat Quinn's administration passed temporary tax increases.
Illinois owes about $130 billion to its state workers pension plans but holds less than 40% of what's needed to cover promised benefits.
Rauner refuses to approve a budget unless Democrats agree to a series of reforms, including freezing property taxes, imposing legislative term limits and weakening collective bargaining rights for union members.
The Illinois Republican Party slammed Kennedy as someone who would be bound to Illinois House Speaker Mike Madigan. The leader of Illinois Democrats, who has battled with Rauner, last year said he thought Kennedy would make an “excellent candidate.”
"We need a governor who will fight for reform, not another Mike Madigan-first politician," Illinois Republican Party spokesman Steven Yaffe said in a statement.
Billionaire venture capitalist and Democratic donor J.B. Pritzker, U.S. Rep. Cheri Bustos and state Sen. Andy Manar also are mulling bids to take on Rauner. Chicago Alderman Ameya Pawar already has announced he will seek the Democratic nomination.
Follow USA TODAY Chicago correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: @AamerISmad
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kOMLoj
Story highlights Nagin "did a belly flop" on the witness stand, observer says
A federal jury convicts Ray Nagin of 20 of 21 corruption counts against him
Prosecutors had accused him of running a kickback scheme from his office
"We did our best," Nagin's attorney says
Ray Nagin came into the mayor's office in New Orleans as an avowed scourge of corruption and led the city through the worst disaster of its modern history.
He left a federal courthouse a convict Wednesday, after a jury found him guilty of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes and other favors from businessmen looking for a break from his administration. Of the 21 counts against him, he was convicted of 20.
"He got a lot of media attention as being a reformer, a non-politician, first run for office -- a businessman who was going to come in and get it right," said Pat Fanning, a veteran New Orleans lawyer and no fan of the former two-term mayor.
After Hurricane Katrina ravaged the city in 2005, the onetime cable television executive would reassure people queasy about sending taxpayer money to a state with an epic history of corruption by telling them, "Google me. You're not going to find any of that in my record," Fanning said, quoting Nagin. "Well, Google him now."
Nagin, who left office in 2010, had little to say as he left the courthouse Wednesday afternoon, telling reporters only, "I maintain my innocence." A small knot of supporters yelled, "Keep your head up" and "He's just a patsy," CNN affiliate WDSU reported.
His lead attorney, Robert Jenkins, told reporters his client would appeal the verdict.
"We did the best we could do," Jenkins said.
Prosecutors argued the 57-year-old Nagin was at the center of a kickback scheme in which he received checks, cash, wire transfers, personal services and free travel from businessmen seeking contracts and favorable treatment from the city. He faces up to 20 years in prison, but Fanning said a 14- to 17-year term was more likely.
A January 2013 indictment detailed more than $200,000 in bribes to the mayor, and his family members allegedly received a vacation in Hawaii; first-class airfare to Jamaica; private jet travel and a limousine for New York City; and cellular phone service. In exchange, businesses that coughed up for Nagin and his family won more than $5 million in city contracts, according to the January 2013 indictment.
During the two-week trial, prosecutors brought to the stand a string of businessmen who had already pleaded guilty to bribing Nagin. His defense did little to challenge their stories, Fanning said.
"It was too painful actually to watch. They just swamped him," he said. And when Nagin took the stand in his own defense, "He did a belly flop," often answering questions on cross-examination by saying he couldn't recall who paid for a trip or perk.
"He just looked terrible," Fanning said.
The earliest of the charges date from before Katrina, which struck when Nagin had been in office for about three years. The hurricane flooded more than three-fourths of low-lying New Orleans and left more than 1,800 dead across the region -- most of them in Louisiana.
Supporters credited Nagin's sometimes-profane demands for aid from Washington with helping reveal the botched federal response to the storm -- a fiasco that embarrassed the George W. Bush administration and led to billions of federal dollars being poured into Gulf Coast reconstruction efforts.
But Nagin also had his detractors: Fanning called his performance during the storm "a meltdown," a congressional committee criticized him for delaying evacuation orders, and his frantic description of post-storm New Orleans as a violent wasteland with up to 10,000 dead turned out to be greatly exaggerated.
As he sought re-election in 2006, with much of the city's African-American population displaced by storm damage, Nagin was blasted for insisting that New Orleans would remain a "chocolate" city.
"I have given my pound of flesh," he said.
Nagin sought to have the charges dismissed in October after another federal judge blasted what he called the "grotesque" misconduct of prosecutors in the post-Katrina shootings of unarmed civilians by police at the Danziger Bridge.
The judge tossed out the convictions of five cashiered cops after ruling that members of the U.S. attorney's office tainted their 2011 trial by anonymously posting "egregious and inflammatory" comments at online news sites.
Nagin argued that he was the target of the same underground effort, citing "a continuum of pejorative statements and demeaning racial epithets" aimed at him. The U.S. attorney's office said none of the prosecutors involved in the Danziger Bridge case played a role in the Nagin investigation.
It may be a slimy mudhole to some, but to Yoda it was home. This swampy, hidden planet was where Yoda fled and where he later trained the son of a fallen Jedi. Some argue that Luke's Jedi training was much too fast in the film. Initially, there were more trials for Luke to endure. Let's take a look at some of the deleted moments from the planet Dagobah.
THE DRAGONSNAKE
The monster that swallowed (and subsequently spit out) R2-D2 while on Dagobah is called a Dragonsnake. In reality, the prop/creature was just a back and tail with divers underneath the water moving it around.
Alex Newborn wrote in with a little insight and a theory on some of the photographic evidence of this creature:
I have come across three photos. One shows the prop in the bed of a truck. One shows it in a swimming pool with two divers… one of whom bears a strange resemblance to George Lucas. I remember reading somewhere that the insert shot of the dragonsnake chasing Artoo's periscope was not filmed on the Dagobah set, but later in the schedule, in someone's “unfinished swimming pool”, like Lucas's or Kershner's or Kurtz's. The other photo is an overlay of the pickup truck picture onto the photo from the [Behind the Magic CD-ROM]. I overlaid the truck photo onto the CD-ROM photo with Photoshop at 50% opacity. They're in the exact same position, exact same lighting, etc. Attacking the problem from the other end, we need to try to find that same shot of Luke and Artoo without the dragonsnake in the image, and then we'll know where they got both elements for the hybrid image. But I still say it's a fantastically well done photoshop of a behind-the-scenes pic onto its proper setting from the film.
In the Pre-Special Edition version of the scene when Luke helps R2-D2 up after being spit out of the Dragonsnake, he says to R2, “You're lucky you don't taste very good.” However, in the Special Edition Luke's dialogue was changed to, “You were lucky to get out of there.”
LUKE'S JEDI TRAINING
If you've watched Episode V a few times, you've accepted that Luke was on Dagobah for quite a while and learned all he needed to learn from Yoda, but we just didn't see it all on screen. That line of thinking makes you wonder about what other training scenes might have been filmed that were ultimately left out. We know about a few of them.
Part of Luke's unseen training involved two “seeker” droids similar to the one Luke sparred with on the Millennium Falcon in Episode IV. In the comic adaption, you can see Luke with his lightsaber and you can plainly see the two seekers in the foreground.
Here's an excerpt from the 4th draft:
332. EXT SWAMP – BOG – DUSK
Luke lies motionless in the mud with Artoo leaning over him. Two glowing balls about the size of baseballs hover above them like mosquitoes and occasionally the angry Artoo swats at them; they move just out of the stubby droid's reach. Artoo whistles to his master several times, but gets no response. Artoo turns toward Yoda, who is sitting quietly nearby chewing on his Gimer Stick, and begins to furiously beep and scold the little Jedi Master. Artoo turns back to Luke. A small metal electrode projects out of Artoo and rests on Luke's chest. There is a concerned whistle from the droid, a short electronic yap, and Luke jumps awake with a start. The young Jedi shakes his head clear and rubs his shoulder. He is very angry; his glare moves between Yoda and the two glowing balls. YODA (jovial)
Concentration. Heh?
Concentration. LUKE (pissed)
I thought those seekers were set for stun! YODA
That they are. LUKE
They're a lot stronger than I'm used to. YODA
That would matter not were
The Force flowing through you.
Higher you'd jump! Faster you'd move!
Open yourself to The Force you must. Artoo scoots away as the fed-up Luke grabs his laser sword from the mud, ignites it and jumps up. LUKE
I'm open to it now! I feel it.
Come on you little flying blasters! As he moves toward the hovering balls with a poised saber and ferocious look, they draw away, retreating to the area around Yoda's head. YODA
No, no. This will not do.
Anger is what you feel. LUKE
But I feel The Force flowing! YODA
Anger, fear, aggression! The dark side of
The Force are they. Easily they flow…
quick to join you in a fight. Beware, beware, beware of them.
A heavy price is paid for the power they bring. Luke lowers his light saber, confused. LUKE
Price? What do you mean? YODA
The dark side beckons. But if once start
down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
Consume you it will… as it did Obi-wan's apprentice. LUKE
Lord Vader…
Is the dark side stronger? YODA
No, no. Easier, quicker,
more seductive. LUKE
But how am I to know the
good side from the dark? YODA
You will know. When you are at peace…
calm… passive. A Jedi uses The Force for
knowledge and defense. Never for attack. LUKE
But tell me why… YODA
No! Nothing more will I tell you now.
Clear your mind of questions…
Quiet now be… at peace… Luke stops protesting, relaxes his body. YODA
… Yes… calm… Luke closes his eyes, tries to clear his thoughts. YODA (soothing)
… passive… Let yourself go… After a long moment, Yoda makes the tiniest little gesture and the two glowing balls near his head race toward Luke, firing stun bolts. Luke immediately springs to life, but in a lovely, graceful way. He moves incredibly fast, deflecting bolts thrown at him from all directions, jumping incredibly high. The seeker attack stops as suddenly as it started and the two balls retreat to either side of Yoda's head. Artoo lets out a sigh and shakes his head. Luke grins proudly at Yoda who continues to chew away. YODA
Much progress do you make, young one.
Stronger do you grow. Luke is bursting with his achievement as two more glowing seekers float into view from behind Yoda's back, making a poised line of four above Yoda. Luke's grin melts away.
As you can tell, much of this dialogue was in fact used in other scenes.
When Yoda says, “Jump,” you ask, “How High?” In another deleted training moment, Yoda makes Luke perform some fancy leaps. Here's an excerpt from the 4th draft of the EMPIRE script:
Yoda is sitting on a branch high in one of the bog's weird trees. His legs straddle the branch and clasped in his webbed feet is Luke's laser sword. On the ground below, Luke sets himself up and jumps toward Yoda. He jumps incredibly well for a human, but it doesn't bring him close to his object.
Later in the script, Luke jumps higher clearing the space where Yoda sits. This would show us how Luke learns to make that great jump out of the freezing chamber as well as give us an idea of how well his training on Dagobah has progressed.
In another jump-related scene, Luke is practicing a long jump over a pond. He falls short and splashes poor Yoda sitting nearby. Here's the excerpt from the 4th draft of the EMPIRE script:
307X. EXT YODA'S BOG (MONTAGE) – DAY – DAGOBAH (formerly 308) At the edge of a wide pond, Yoda sits on a log. In his mouth is a Gimer Stick, a short twig with three little branches at the far end. Luke is nowhere in sight, but now we begin to hear the sound of someone crashing through the foliage. Suddenly Luke appears on the far side of the pond at a run and leaps out toward Yoda. It's an extraordinary leap, but he falls short by six feet, creating a huge splash, which drenches Yoda and his Gimer Stick.
In yet another scene on Dagobah, Yoda throws a small metal bar in the air in front of Luke. Luke then ignites his lightsaber and swings at it before it hits the ground. He misses and the bar falls to the ground. Luke says, “I can't…too tired,” and Yoda replies, “It would be in seven pieces, were you a Jedi.” As the training progresses, so does Luke's ability to slice the bar in midair.
Here's an excerpt from the 4th draft:
306X. EXT BOG CLEARING – SWAMP – DUSK – DAGOBAH (formerly part 310)
Luke runs through the dense jungle on the last leg of what must have been quite a marathon. Yoda rides in a pouch on Luke's back. The young apprentice is sweaty and exhausted. He stumbles into the clearing where Artoo has been patiently waiting. As Luke is about to collapse, Yoda throws a small metal bar in front of him. Luke ignites his laser sword and swings at it. He missed and the bar falls to the ground. Luke does too. LUKE (breathless)
I can't… Too tired. YODA
It would be in seven pieces,
were you a Jedi. LUKE (gasping)
I thought I was in good shape. YODA
Yes, but by what standard, ask I?
Forget your old measures.
Unlearn, heh, unlearn.
Starwars.com at one point posted some definitive proof that this scene was indeed filmed. They posted an actual photo (no longer available) that showed producer Gary Kurtz and some crewmembers along with Mark Hamill complete with his Yoda backback. In Yoda's hands is none other than the metal bar in question. The caption on the photo read: “Producer Gary Kurtz inspects the filming of a Jedi test that would ultimately be cut out of Episode V. During Luke's training, Yoda would throw out metal bars that the young Jedi initiate would have to cut into pieces with his lightsaber before the object hit the ground.”
Starwars.com's Pablo Hidalgo spoke about the scene in one of his Q&A sessions. Here's what he had to say:
Q: The “Bar would be in seven pieces were you a Jedi” scene from TESB. I have waited in anticipation ever since reading this in the novel! Can you tell us any more? A: The scene was never finished. It only consisted of a close-up shot of Yoda and the bar, and then a medium shot of Luke swinging. It was shot MOS (without sound). As far as our archivists can tell, there was no reaction shot, no shot of the split bar, or no shot of Yoda explaining the setup, so it could have been scheduled for pickups, and then ultimately cut from the movie before they ever got to it.
I have come across a photo of the metal bar that Luke was to slice in pieces. The thanks go to two people, one who created the bar(s) and another who collects movie props. Paul Harrison was 18 in 1979 and an apprentice at Elstree Studios. He was commissioned to create the complete metal bars and then reproduce them as if they were sliced into many pieces. Here's what he had to say:
When I was an apprentice at Norank Eng Co Ltd, resident studios engineers at Elstree Film Studios, one of the pieces I made for ESB was two identical metal bars, and two more cuts into identical pieces. I had to cut each one into six pieces and polish the ends. I was told it was for a scene where Luke throws it up and cuts it, hence the polished ends. I got both sets back after shooting, when everyone had finished using them as a puzzle! The scene never made the final cut.
As it turns out, prop collector and dealer Ash Birkinshaw became the owner of one pair of these bars and was kind enough to send in a photo. Interestingly enough, the bar is cut into six pieces and not seven.
Paul Harrison also found an old call sheet from the day they filmed the scene and sent that in.
* Take note of “Perspective Yoda” played by actor Deep Roy. Deep Roy is a little person who has appeared in many films like the 1980 remake of Flash Gordon, Tim Burton's Planet of the Apes and Willy Wonka remake. He's listed on IMDB.com in an uncredited role you might remember, Droopy McCool from Jabba's band in Episode VI.
LEAVING DAGOBAH
In 1999, a special issue of Starlog magazine was released called “Sci-Fi People” and there was a peculiar picture inside. It depicted Luke in his X-wing flight suit talking to Yoda while seated on a stump on Dagobah. The reason I say it's peculiar is that there are only two times we saw Luke in that outfit while on Dagobah: when he landed and when he left. We know from the film that Luke doesn't meet Yoda until after he sets up camp and has had a change of clothing, so that rules out the arrival scenes. We can safely assume, then, that this picture must be from when Luke is leaving Dagobah.
In the novelization and the shooting script (4th draft) of the film, Luke falls asleep outside Yoda's hut the night before he leaves. Artoo notices that Luke is half-covered with a blanket and covers him up. Luke soon wakes up in a huff. Then Yoda comes out and they have a talk about leaving. Luke leaves the next day at dusk and Yoda and Ben try to dissuade him. Here's an excerpt from the script:
367. EXT YODA'S HOUSE – DUSK – DAGOBAH It is almost dark… in the woods a tiny light moves towards us… finally we see it is Artoo… he stops within sight of Yoda's house. A warm light pours out of the house illuminating Luke who is asleep on the ground. A blanket lies half-off Luke; Artoo carefully pulls it up to fully cover Luke. As Artoo moves away Luke begins reacting to a nightmare. He moans… opens his eyes wide and sits up. Yoda comes to the doorway and looks out.
Looking at the script and the novel, it appears that there were a few changes made. Some things were either completely removed or just not shot at all. Looking at the photographic evidence, it also appears that Luke and Yoda had some more intimate, less confrontational dialogue.
Gannaro Gattuso has admitted he wants to be the next manager of Rangers after the Ibrox club finally confirmed Ally McCoist is working a 12-month notice period.
The Italian World Cup winner spent a short spell in Glasgow in the late 1990s as a teenager before moving on to Salernitana then AC Milan.
The 36-year-old revealed: ‘My wife is from Glasgow but the main reason to want to go there is because Rangers is a big team with big stories.
VIDEO Scroll down to see Gattuso lose the plot during OFI Crete press conference
Former AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso has revealed he would like to be Rangers' next manager
The Italian World Cup winner (right) spent a short spell in Glasgow in the late 1990s as a teenager
‘Believe me, the priority would not be my family. It would be the job and the chance to work for a big club which is in my heart. There are many reasons, not just my family.'
Currently in charge of OFI Crete, Gattuso claims he tried to quit the Greek side in October because he felt his players didn't believe in him but changed his mind 24 hours later after talks with fans. The Heraklion-based side currently lies a lowly 15th in the Super League after a 2-0 defeat at Panionios on Sunday.
‘Two years ago I started as a manager at Sion and now I am carrying on my time in football in Heraklion,' he continued.
Rangers confirmed on Monday that manager Ally McCoist had resigned from the club
The former combative midfielder, who previously managed Palermo, is currently in charge of OFI Crete
‘My situation at Crete is not simple. I wanted to leave but the fans would not let me go and that is okay.
‘I only played for a year and a half at Rangers but it was a big pleasure to do that so, of course, I would be interested in the job there.'
Gattuso is thought to be one of a few options the Ibrox board is considering.
McCoist tendered his resignation on Thursday, although the news was leaked just a few hours before a 2-0 defeat to Queen of the South on Friday night.
Federal Agents Hunt Fugitive "Homeless Hacker" Under Indictment For Online “Anonymous” Attack Share
Tweet
Federal marshals are hunting for an admitted member of “Anonymous” who last month fled the country while free on bond from a federal indictment charging him with orchestrating an online attack against government computers in California.
A lawyer for Christopher Doyon, a homeless 47-year-old who calls himself “Commander X,” recently told a federal judge that his client “has fled to Canada,” according to a filing in U.S. District Court in San Jose. As a result, an arrest warrant has been issued for Doyon, who is pictured in the above United States Marshals Service mug shots.
Named last September in a two-count felony indictment, Doyon was free on an unsecured $35,000 bond that he co-signed with a friend, lawyer Ed Frey. Now that Doyon has absconded, federal prosecutors are seeking the bond's forfeiture, which would likely leave the 71-year-old Frey, an activist lawyer who represents the “Occupy Santa Cruz” organization, holding the bag.
Doyon and a codefendant have been charged with participating in a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on the city of Santa Cruz's web servers in retaliation for the banning of camping within city limits (a move that critics contended was targeted at homeless individuals living in the streets).
Prosecutors allege that the DDos attack came over four days in December 2010 and was coordinated by the People's Liberation Front (PLF), an “online collective of individuals that was associated with collaborative hacking attacks motivated by political and social goals, often referred to as ‘hacktivism.'”
Doyon, who has identified himself as a PLF founder, previously vowed to fight the federal charges, noting that his counsel “will provide irrefutable evidence” of his innocence. Doyon, who was wearing a “Free Bradley Manning” t-shirt when he made this promise at a news conference last September, added that he was “immensely proud and humbled to my core” to be part of “Anonymous.”
Everyguyed Accessories
Certain accessories have fallen by the wayside as fashion gives way to practicality, or new eccentricities. Things like detachable collars, shirt studs, button plackets, and even pocket squares have been all but abandoned for the sake of convenience and a changing of the guard.
However, some of these items are slowly but surely reappearing. While things like detachable collars are probably gone for good, pocket squares, French cuffs, and cufflinks are making a return into men's fashion forefront.
Unfortunately, after such a long absence from the scene, many men are confused about what to look for in a cufflink and when to wear them. EveryGuyed is here to clear up any cufflink confusion, and help you add a touch of class to your ensemble.
While things like detachable collars are probably gone for good, pocket squares, French cuffs, and cufflinks are making a return into men's fashion forefront
The French Cuff Shirt
Cufflinks are designed for wearing with French cuff shirts. As opposed to most everyday shirts that are equipped with button cuffs, French cuffs are a lengthened piece of fabric folded back on itself to create a cuff: a more formal option, these shirts have no cuff fasteners, and as such need cufflinks to be held in place.
Though button cuff shirts are more convenient, a French cuff shirt adds a very urbane, high-class element to your look. The cuffs are folded either as kissing cuffs, forming a teardrop shape, or barrel cuffs, with the cuffs overlapping like on your standard button cuff shirts. Kissing cuffs are more common, but barrel cuffing your shirt is no faux pas either; it's really up to personal preference and what you feel looks best.
Though button cuff shirts are more convenient, a French cuff shirt adds a very urbane, high-class element to your look
Types of Cufflinks
There are two types of cuff fasteners used today: cufflinks, and silk knots. Cufflinks are the most formal, common, and traditional type of cuff fastener; made of steel, gold, or other precious metals, they add a touch of understated class to an outfit. There are essentially four types of cufflinks
Torpedo cufflinks
The most common, available at nearly any and every man's retailer. They're made of a decorative face, backed by a plain clip to keep them in place. Just push them through, and snap the clip into place.
Chain link cufflinks
A more formal choice. Made of two decorative faces connected by a chain, they're not commonly seen in everyday wear anymore. Usually paired with black-tie, they're limited by availability and often, occasion. If you need a pair, you're likely going to need to buy them as part of a stud set.
Bar cufflinks
The simplest of all, involving two decorative balls connected by a bar. The halves are usually very plain, but sometimes include striped or pallet-shaped designs. Unlike chain and torpedo cufflinks, there are no moving parts here, making them a very simple push-through cuff fastener.
Silk knots
Also known as monkey's fists, are a more low-maintenance option. Silk knots are strands of elastic, tied to form two equal knots joined together. No longer made of silk due to reasons of cost and durability, newly purchased French cuff shirts usually come with a pair in the cuffs as placeholders.
A perfectly acceptable choice for day-to-day wear, they should be left at home on dressier occasions. Available in a variety of colors, use them to compliment your necktie, or pocket square for an extra bit of flair.
Silk knots, also known as monkey's fists, are a more low-maintenance option
Additional Cufflink Advice
A French cuffed shirt is traditionally only worn beneath a suit. The cuffs are awkward underneath cardigans, and their formality doesn't match a sportcoat's casual nature.
Metals on your body should match – and this includes cufflinks. If your belt buckle's gold, your cufflinks should have gold elements as well.
Avoid novelty designs on cufflinks; this is an element of more formal style.
Summary
Cufflinks are used to keep French cuffs together on a shirt.
together on a shirt. A French cuff shirt adds class and formality to an outfit.
Match metals on your body , cufflinks included.
, cufflinks included. Use silk knot cufflinks for a less formal look.
Comments?
Still a bit confused about cufflinks? Need some more advice before buying a French cuff shirt? Use the comments box below to get the community's help!
Author
Share this post:
You might have heard of Scratch. It's a long-running online project that helps kids and teens learn how to code. Scratch is free, it runs in your browser, and it provides a fantastic introduction to the world of computer programming for kids and adults alike.
If your child is interested in learning to code then Scratch is an excellent place to begin.
Want to know how to help your kid get started with Scratch? Read on to find out!
What is Scratch?
Scratch is a simple programming environment designed for kids aged 8 to 16. Instead of typing lines of text, as you do with traditional coding, you drag coloured blocks and join them together to build programs.
When you first open Scratch, the main window contains the following sections:
The Stage. This is the large white rectangle in the top-left corner where all the animation happens. To start your program running, you click the green flag button.
This is the large white rectangle in the top-left corner where all the animation happens. To start your program running, you click the green flag button. The Sprites Window. This sits below the Stage, and it contains the list of sprites (animated images) that you're using in your current project.
This sits below the Stage, and it contains the list of sprites (animated images) that you're using in your current project. The Block Palette. This section is in the middle of the Scratch window, and it contains all the programming blocks that you can use in your programs. They're organised into categories, including Motion, Looks, Sound, and so on.
This section is in the middle of the Scratch window, and it contains all the programming blocks that you can use in your programs. They're organised into categories, including Motion, Looks, Sound, and so on. The Scripts Area. This is the large rectangle on the right-hand side, and it contains your scripts (computer programs). You drag blocks from the Block Palette into the Scripts Area to build your scripts.
Once you've created a Scratch project, you can download it to your computer as a file. You can upload the file again later if you want to continue working on your project.
Scratch runs entirely in a web browser, which means you can run it from almost any desktop computer. However, you do need to have the Flash plugin installed. That rules out using Scratch on most tablets, but if you have an iPad then check out ScratchJr, a cut-down version of Scratch that runs as an iPad app.
What can my kid do with Scratch?
Although it uses a fairly simple programming language, Scratch lets your child create a pretty big range of projects, from computer-generated art and animated cartoons through to quizzes, puzzles and simple arcade games.
It must be said from the start that your kid isn't going to create the next Minecraft or Angry Birds using Scratch — it's simply not powerful enough.
That's not really the point, though. Unlike traditional programming — where it can take days of coding just to get something to move around onscreen — Scratch lets you create animated graphics and sound in a few minutes, just by dragging blocks around. This means that kids can see pretty good results almost instantly, which then pushes them forward to develop their coding skills further.
What can kids learn from Scratch?
As your kid plays with Scratch and starts creating simple programs, they'll develop a range of coding and problem-solving skills that will help them when they later move onto real-world programming. These include:
Manipulating variables — chunks of computer memory — to store and retrieve data.
— chunks of computer memory — to store and retrieve data. Using operators to manipulate data. These include arithmetic operators (plus, minus, multiply, divide), as well as comparison operators (less than, equal to, greater than), logic operators (and, or, not), the concatenation operator (for joining strings together), and trigonometry (sine, cosine, tangent and so on).
to manipulate data. These include arithmetic operators (plus, minus, multiply, divide), as well as comparison operators (less than, equal to, greater than), logic operators (and, or, not), the concatenation operator (for joining strings together), and trigonometry (sine, cosine, tangent and so on). Understanding control flow : the way that computers move through each step in a program.
: the way that computers move through each step in a program. Altering control flow with conditional statements and loops .
and . Creating reusable chunks of code , known in Scratch as custom blocks. (In programming-speak they're known as procedures or subroutines.)
, known in Scratch as custom blocks. (In programming-speak they're known as procedures or subroutines.) Event handling : writing code that responds to events, such as key presses and mouse clicks.
: writing code that responds to events, such as key presses and mouse clicks. Detecting and responding to real-world input , including the mouse position, the loudness of the sounds picked up by the computer's microphone, and even movement picked up by the webcam!
, including the mouse position, the loudness of the sounds picked up by the computer's microphone, and even movement picked up by the webcam! Simple multimedia programming, including drawing, animation and sound.
There are many differences between coding in Scratch and programming in a “grown-up” language such as C or Swift. Real-world programming is less about dragging and dropping, and more about working with chunks of text. In addition, real-world languages and platforms are a lot more complex to work with than Scratch, since you can do a lot more things with them.
That said, kids can still learn the fundamental concepts of programming and logical thinking from Scratch. This makes it that much easier for them to graduate to real-world languages later on.
How can my kid get started with Scratch?
To begin using Scratch, just head over to the Scratch website. A good place to start learning is the Getting Started with Scratch tutorial, which teaches you the basics of dragging blocks together to create scripts. You can also download this tutorial as a PDF from the Help page (it's called the Getting Started Guide).
Once you've mastered the basics of putting together scripts, try working through these video tutorials to learn some animation techniques, find out how to build simple games, and discover how to create your own graphics.
There are also some excellent starter projects created by the Scratch team. These give you good starting points from which to build your animations, games or artwork, and they teach lots of useful coding techniques too.
Another good way to learn coding skills is simply to explore the projects that other people have made with Scratch. After you've played with a project, click the See Inside button to open up the project editor and see how it was made. You can even make changes to the project and re-share it on the Scratch website (known as remixing).
There are also tons of great resources available to help your kid learn Scratch. Here are some of the best:
Other ways for kids to learn coding
Scratch is awesome, but there are absolutely tons of other tools that kids can use to learn coding skills. Here is a small selection of the best ones:
Hopscotch is a fun, free iPad app that is similar to Scratch in many ways, but is more suited to younger kids. Read more about Hopscotch and try a simple tutorial.
is a fun, free iPad app that is similar to Scratch in many ways, but is more suited to younger kids. Read more about Hopscotch and try a simple tutorial. Tynker offers a range of online programming courses for kids. Students start by using a Scratch-like interface with draggable blocks, and move onto real-world programming using JavaScript code. There's also a great, free iPad and Android app that helps kids learn to program by solving puzzles and building simple games.
offers a range of online programming courses for kids. Students start by using a Scratch-like interface with draggable blocks, and move onto real-world programming using JavaScript code. There's also a great, free iPad and Android app that helps kids learn to program by solving puzzles and building simple games. Dash and Dot are a pair of cute programmable robots that are great fun for kids aged 5 and up. They come with a range of iPad and Android apps for controlling and programming the robots, including Blockly, which gives kids a Scratch-like programming environment.
are a pair of cute programmable robots that are great fun for kids aged 5 and up. They come with a range of iPad and Android apps for controlling and programming the robots, including Blockly, which gives kids a Scratch-like programming environment. Kano is a fantastic kit that lets any child put together a complete, great-looking computer really easily. Once they've built their own computer, your kid can program it to create all sorts of amazing projects, from simple games like Pong and Snake through to custom Minecraft games and even a wireless server. Great stuff!
Kano lets kids build their own computer and program it!
There has never been a better time for kids to learn programming. Starting with Scratch, then moving on to a range of amazing tablet apps and build-it-yourself computer hardware, your child can learn to code in all sorts of fun, exciting ways.
Happy learning!
After a high-profile shooting incident on the CIAA tournament's final day this year, the city of Charlotte will take a look at how it permits the multitude of day parties that coincide with the basketball games.
About 100 gunshots were reported in a largely residential area of First Ward in an incident widely reported to be a shootout between two rappers in town for CIAA-related parties.
The party was not a sanctioned event of the CIAA basketball tournament, the gathering of historically black colleges and universities that's been in Charlotte since 2006. But it was the latest in a string of shootings during CIAA week over the past few years.
In a City Council committee meeting Thursday, assistant city manager Ann Wall said the city would look at creating a new type of permit similar parties would need to obtain during large-scale events. That would give the city government a look at the overall scope of the party — a look Charlotte currently does not have.
Both Wall and City Council members were careful to say that this move is not specifically about the CIAA. Charlotte hosts many large-scale events.
But the initiative is the direct result of this February's CIAA incident.
During the CIAA, numerous parties are held on private property under large tents. There are several permits these events already need to get: a tent permit from the Charlotte Fire Department, sound amplification permit from the police department, and perhaps a food permit from the health department and an alcohol permit from the ABC.
But all of those permits only deal with very narrow criteria. They don't allow the city to evaluate the event as a whole, Wall said.
Cities like Durham and Austin, Texas, do already require special permits for these types of events.
The discussion Thursday was very preliminary. There is still a lot of work city staff needs to do.
But one of the big unanswered questions is what the city will decide to do with the information should they require a master permit. When will a city reject an application? How will the requirements be enforced? Several City Council members asked about that at the meeting.
“That's some additional work that we are going to have to do,” Wall said.
from the shadows we'll rise,where the darkness cast out the light,where even the sun and the moon won't rise,where the soul-less will rise...from the shadows we will rise...we'll rise...welcome to beacon...yes I know, I need to work on my dialogues. I mean just look at the overuse of "rise".I'm not sure how the speed of this is, it might be still a little bit fast, if it is just let me know in the comments or note me and I'll see what I can do.again the dialogue is pretty much bs that I just made up to make it look/sound "epic"...so it probably makes absolutely no sense.hopefully it's still a bit creepy and a bit scary, since that is the point, and that you'll enjoy it.other than that, till next time.ruby's - Rwby - Welcome To Beacon - Ruby weiss's - Rwby - Welcome To Beacon - weiss yang's - Rwby - Welcome To Beacon - Yang rwby is by rooster teethfive nights at freddy's is by scott cawthon
Travis Braden has been looking for an opportunity to showcase his talents for a while. He's proven what he can do in Late Model racing. Two ARCA/CRA Super Series championships and a Winchester 400 win are just a couple of the accolades the West Virginia native has been able to rack up throughout his racing career, but he hadn't gotten a chance to show his stuff in a higher level of stock car racing. That is until now.
RFMS Racing announced on their Facebook page on Wednesday night that the 23-year-old Braden will pilot their No. 27 Ford throughout the full 2018 ARCA Racing Series schedule. It's the opportunity that Braden has been looking for.
“Sometimes I look back at the careers of other drivers,” Braden began. “You look at Kevin Harvick and Brad (Keselowski) and some of those guys. Sometimes I feel like I'm way too old, but when you look at their careers and see what they were doing at the same time in their life, they were in the same phase. Then a year or two after this is when they got their breaks to go and do NASCAR stuff. But they were family-owned deals and partial schedules and finally their first full seasons. A lot of it is actually pretty similar. I feel like this is when I'll see if I can kind of match up with those guys. It'll be a pretty big test.”
It's a test that Braden feels he is up for at a level that he's already had some success. In 2015, Braden decided to build an ARCA car out of his own shop. He took it to Lucas Oil Raceway, a few minutes away from the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, and won in his first race with the series. He followed that up with a second-place run his next time out at Kentucky Speedway (KY). In 2016, Braden made just two starts but finished no worse than seventh.
Braden made five starts in 2017, four of those coming behind the wheel of the No. 27, with a mixed bag of results. While the results may not reflect it, the performance was there for Braden and RFMS Racing, and that's what led to this partnership for 2018.
“That's why we decided to do it,” Braden said. “We didn't really have the results but there were some solid performances there. And really with how quickly everything came together we didn't have the time to do some of the things that we wanted to do. We didn't get to use their best car. So given all of that we feel we have a good chance to run well pretty much everywhere.”
Braden said there are three races in particular that he's most looking forward to in 2018. He said he's excited to race at the 1.5-mile Charlotte Motor Speedway (NC), the half-mile of Berlin Raceway (MI) and the 0.686-mile Lucas Oil Raceway (IN), the site of his first ARCA win.
“I'm really looking forward to the Charlotte race and I think Berlin will be a cool race too. Those are new races to the schedule so I think those will be cool. (Indianapolis) is a home race so it would be cool to win that one, and the last time I ran there I won. The race track there is literally two minutes from the shop these guys work out of. I've raced there so many times there in a Late Model so I think we'll have a good chance to win because of the experience that I have there.”
Speaking of Late Models, Braden said he doesn't think he'll have much time to do much Late Model racing in 2018. But that said, Braden is still hopeful he can put a deal together to run two races in particular.
“I'd love to run, even if it was just two races I'd love to run the Winchester 400 and the (Snowball) Derby. If I could only run two, those are the two that I would pick for sure.”
Braden and RFMS Racing will kick off their quest for the 2018 ARCA Racing Series championship on Saturday, February 10 at the Daytona International Speedway.
-By Rob Blount, Speed51.com Southeast Editor – Twitter: @RobBlount
-Photo Credit: Speed51.com
Related Posts
« Yackey Scores on the Race Track and the Gridiron VIDEO: PRI – FK Rod Ends Making A Difference in Racing »
Adapter Design Pattern
Overview
The adapter design pattern as the name suggests is like real life adapter that converts one thing into some other one. Similarly, it can help us wrap functionality of some object into adapter providing us with consistent methods/API to work with. Understanding through an example is always the best way to learn.
Example
Suppose you have developed a website where client has asked you to allow users to post status updates on the Facebook. In order to to that, we use Facebook PHP client library which looks something like this:
class Facebook { public function getUserToken($userId) { // code to get user token } public function postUpdate($message) { // code to post status update } }
And then you use it to post updates on Facebook:
$statusUpdate = new Facebook; $statusUpdate->getUserToken($someUserId); $statusUpdate->postUpdate('some message');
Now let's assume suddenly client requires that instead of Facebook, he wants users to post updates on Twitter and Twitter's PHP client library looks like this:
class Twitter { public function checkUserToken($userId) { // code to get user token } public function setStatusUpdate($message) { // code to post status update } }
And here is the problem. We can see that Twitter's library has different method names which means we will have to modify code everywhere where we are using status updates. At this point, as developer, we should also not overrule the fact that client may again ask to use Facebook again or may be some other service to allow users to post status update but we don't want to change our code again and again.
So how do we make sure that:
We should be able to add any new service easily when client asks
We should be able to not modify code again and again, same code should post status updates without modifying it
This is where Adapter pattern comes out to be as lifesaver. In order to implement that, we first set rules/interface that all status update service should follow so let's create one:
interface iStatusUpdate { function getUserToken($userId); function postUpdate($message); }
Now we create our Twitter adapter class:
class TwitterAdapter implements iStatusUpdate { protected $twitter; public function __construct(Twitter $twitter){ $this->twitter = $twitter; } public function getUserToken($userId) { $this->twitter->checkUserToken($userId); } public function postUpdate($message) { $this->twitter->setStatusUpdate($message); } }
Notice how we have passed Twitter object via the constructor. Of course we could have used setter or interface injection as well.
We can see that we now have same method names for Facebook and Twitter which means we won't have to modify much code in our codebase where we need to post status updates for users. Now all we need to do is to use our new adapter class providing it with actual Twitter object:
$statusUpdate = new TwitterAdapter(new Twitter); $statusUpdate->getUserToken($someUserId); $statusUpdate->postUpdate('some message');
As can be we have added a line or couple but most status update code remains same, thanks to adapter pattern. We as developers should foresee such changes client may require in which case we would have created adapter class even for our first Facebook service and then we didn't need to modify even a single line of code.
Okay, client asks some other service to use, no problem:
class SomeOtherServiceAdapter implements iStatusUpdate { protected $otherService; public function __construct(SomeOtherService $otherService){ $this->otherService = $otherService; } public function getUserToken($userId) { $this->otherService->authenticate($userId); } public function postUpdate($message) { $this->otherService->postMessage($message); } }
And then:
$statusUpdate = new SomeOtherServiceAdapter(new SomeOtherService); $statusUpdate->getUserToken($someUserId); $statusUpdate->postUpdate('some message');
Again most of the code remains same.
So these simple examples show how useful and time-saver adapter pattern is. It provides us with consistent API to work with and allows us to use new services easily.
And like clockwork, to expect avalanche of economic downgrades greenlighted by Jan Hatzius begins. Heading up the lemming crew, as always, is Morgan Stanley's David Greenlaw. "We are adjusting our GDP growth forecast lower for the third time this year. We now look for +3.3% GDP growth over the four quarters of 2011 (versus +3.6% in our April update). Essentially, this puts us back to where we were in early December – before policymakers enacted a package of tax cuts aimed at stimulating the economy." In other news David, how do you spell roundtrip (and is a refund due)? Or "hockeystick?" Or how about an imminent push for more QEasing once the inflationary "shock" is forgotten (unless Saudi Arabia falls to the tsunami of "spooks on the ground" in which case all bets are off), just in case the virtuous cycle doesn't quite kick in, in this 3rd, and soon to be failed, attempt to jump start the economy. In other news, we can't wait to hear what validation LaVorgna, who is always at the very end of the lemming bus, comes up with to justify his feverish enthusiasm over the economy, which once again proves to be worth the amount of money DB's customers pay the firm's sales coverage to bet against them.
Full note from Morgan Stanley:
Another downgrade to US growth. We are adjusting our GDP growth forecast lower for the third time this year. We now look for +3.3% GDP growth over the four quarters of 2011 (versus +3.6% in our April update). Essentially, this puts us back to where we were in early December – before policymakers enacted a package of tax cuts aimed at stimulating the economy.
The logic behind this round trip in the forecast is fairly straightforward. The payroll tax cut enacted in December was worth a little more than $100 billion of stimulus for 2011. However, gasoline prices started off the year at $3/gallon and now stand at about $4/gallon. A good rule of thumb is that every $1/gallon change in gasoline prices subtracts about $120 billion from discretionary spending power. Since the elevation in gasoline has been largely exogenous (unrelated to internal demand forces) and since the personal savings rate is expected to be relatively steady, the move in gasoline just about fully offsets the impact of the payroll tax reduction.
Energy is still the big swing factor. To be sure, there are plenty of crosscurrents in energy markets at present. And, if the collapse in prices seen over the past couple of trading sessions is sustained, this would provide some meaningful support to the consumer.
Sustaining job growth is key. Crosscurrents are also evident in the labor market. We continue to believe that the US economy is currently in the midst of a transition from a recovery driven by a short-term surge in productivity growth to a more mature expansion sustained by job creation and associated income gains. Thus, it is critical that the recent acceleration in employment growth be sustained. While the latest results from the establishment survey were quite encouraging (+244,000 for April together with 46,000 of combined upward revisions to February/March), the household survey was less impressive and jobless claims have been drifting higher. We expect to see continued employment gains ahead – although perhaps not quite as strong as seen in recent months.
Stronger performance over the balance of 2011.
Otherwise, the key sources of upside for the US economy going forward from here are expected to be: 1) an eventual pickup in motor vehicle output, 2) ongoing momentum in capital spending, 3) significantly better performance from net exports, and 4) a rebound in defense outlays.
Keep an eye on core inflation. From our standpoint, the inflation story has been getting overlooked to some extent in recent months. In fact, we believe that inflation represents a far more important policy driver than the growth story at this point. Since troughing in October, the core CPI has moved from +0.6% year/year to +1.2% year/year. Most importantly, we don't see anything that is likely to derail this trend in the months ahead. In particular, we have been emphasizing the fact that a significant tightening in rental market conditions across the US is putting a good deal of upward pressure on shelter costs. In fact, the story that we described in our December 22 note, “Have We Seen a Bottom in Core Inflation?” has been playing out according to script. Moreover, anecdotal information – including recent comments by the CEO's of Wal-Mart and Kimberly-Clark – suggest that consumer goods prices will be on the rise in coming months.
CPI vs. PCE. Admittedly, the Fed likes to emphasize core PCE, which has been somewhat better behaved – moving up to +0.9% in March versus a trough of +0.7% back in December. However, the combination of developing fundamentals and base effects suggests that the year/year readings for core PCE will be trending sharply higher going forward. Indeed, we suspect that core PCE will reach +1.5% by October.
Exit ramp ahead. If you're betting on a “Fed on hold” scenario for the rest of 2011 (“on hold” meaning no change in statement language, no change in MBS reinvestment policy, no reserve draining operations – and no rate hikes!), then you appear to be betting on a scenario in which the Fed ignores a sharp run-up in core inflation – to a rate that just about matches their long-run target. Moreover, you are also betting that despite the combination of such a huge move in core inflation and a complacent Fed, that inflation expectations will somehow remain well anchored. This seems farfetched. A bet on a “Fed on hold” scenario is really a bet that the recent trend in core inflation will dissipate – despite fairly widespread empirical and anecdotal evidence to the contrary.
Sequencing intact. The bottom line is that the exit sequencing timetable that we have been highlighting for a while still seems quite reasonable. We continue to look for the Fed to stop buying in June, stop reinvesting in August or September, start draining sometime in Q4, and hike the interest rate on reserves (IOR) in early 2012.
Noah Smith and Matthew Yglesias both have recent posts in which they argue that because DSGE models have not been adopted by investment bankers and other financial market participants that they have failed the market test. As Noah puts it, “(if) DSGE models work, why don't people use them to get rich?”
Noah continues: “If you have a model that both A) satisfies the Lucas Critique and B) is a decent model of the economy, you can make huge amounts of money. This is because although any old spreadsheet can be used to make unconditional forecasts of the economy, you need Lucas-robust models to make good policy-conditional forecasts.”
This “market test” argument might sound good but Noah's critique is actually somewhat off target. The fact that investors do not use DSGE models to make money might say basically nothing about whether DSGE models are useful analytical tools.
Think about simple supply and demand models. Supply and demand models are DSGE models and they will fail the market test that Noah emphasizes. (For those of you who don't know, DSGE stands for Dynamic Stochastic General Equilibrium.) To be specific, let's consider supply and demand in the market for oranges. How the market behaves is determined by the elasticities of supply and demand which, respectively, tell us how price sensitive orange farmers and orange buyers are. OK, now suppose that occasionally there are spells of bad weather which make growing oranges difficult. A casual observer would notice that when the weather gets bad in Florida, the price of oranges rises and the quantity produced and purchased falls. When the weather is good, prices are low and quantities are high. This observer will notice these patterns and the patterns will become part of her beliefs about the world she lives in. Of course, the observer may not understand why this pattern exists – she merely understands that the pattern does exist.
Alright, now let's extend our supply and demand model a bit. Let's now suppose that weather conditions are somewhat persistent from year to year. If the weather is bad this year then it is likely to be bad next year. In this case, when prices are high one year, they will tend to be high next year (high prices this year means that the weather must be currently bad). Again, our casual observer will incorporate this pattern into her beliefs and again she will not be required to understand why this pattern exists. Suppose we add a financial market which coexists with the orange market. The financial market sells claims on future orange prices. A hypothetical contract might pay one dollar in the event that the price of oranges next year is above the historical average price.
If you are following along, you will realize that we are squarely in DSGE territory. This is obviously an Equilibrium model; the model is Stochastic (due to the recurring random swings in the weather); the model is Dynamic (due to the persistence of the weather conditions), and the model is General (due to the presence of both an orange market and the financial market making bets on the future price of oranges, both of which are in equilibrium). In fact, as I've described it, it sounds like the model satisfies the rational expectations hypothesis too.
Suppose now an economist comes up with a model which explains the price and quantity variations in terms of supply and demand. Unbeknownst to this economist, the model is actually true. The model provides a meaningful and accurate description of how the orange market works. However, the model is not particularly useful for predicting future prices. The model says that if there is an adverse shift in supply, then prices should rise and quantities should fall. Given the shift in supply, the amount of the price and quantity change are governed by the two structural parameters (the two elasticities). However, predicting future prices in this environment boils down to predicting the weather, and on that score, the supply and demand model, despite being true, is of little help. In contrast, quantifying the observable patterns in the data is definitely helpful for the purpose of forecasting future prices. In fact, the current price contains valuable information on the likely future price. A simple regression of the current price on the past price will provide financial market participants with enough information to price bets on future prices. (If prices and quantities are measured with error, then the best forecast will make use of both price and quantity to predict the future price.)
In this environment, the financial traders have no use for the DSGE model. Thus this supply and demand system will fail the market test in Noah's and Matt's posts. At the same time, the supply and demand model provides key insights into how this market works.
In fairness, Noah does sneak in a slight caveat in his post. He says that a correct DSGE model should do a good job of providing policy-conditional forecasts. Fair enough. If there is a change in policy then the statistical patterns that prevailed in the past might well change (this is an instance of the well known Lucas critique). If there were a subsidy to orange farmers in our example, the economist's DSGE model would correctly predict that average prices would fall and average quantities would rise and so you might think that having a correct prediction would mean that the model would be valuable in this instance. Are we really to believe that, faced with some new policy, people don't turn to models like this to refine their predictions? I would think that it would be reasonable to think that for most purposes, investment bankers can simply use purely ad hoc statistical forecasting methods – methods devoid of any structural economic content but which have substantial predictive content — to make market predictions. In the rare instance that there is some important change in policy they might use a structural model to adjust their predictions. Ask yourself this: when the Affordable Care Act was being discussed, how do you think observers and participants in the markets for health care made predictions about what might happen to their industry? If your answer is that they turned to estimated structural economic models, then can you really say that these models are failing the test of the market?
IMA will present '80s action flick 'The Stabilizer,' a movie so bad that it's good?
“The Stabilizer,” a low-regarded action flick from the 1980s, will be screened as part of “B-Movie Bingo” on Nov. 21 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art. (Photo: Photo provided by Wolf Choir )
If the star of a subpar '80s action flick were describing "B-Movie Bingo," he'd look like "Rambo"-era Sylvester Stallone, spit "clever" one-liners and survive explosions with ease.
He'd advise viewers to keep an eye out for bad guys stealing boats and shooting at helicopters. He might ask forgiveness for times he stumbled on his lines because there wasn't enough film to shoot another take.
Mostly, though, he'd focus on excessive, exaggerated violence.
Our hero's cliches will be celebrated, in the spirit of fun, when the Indianapolis Museum of Art presents "B-Movie Bingo" on Nov. 21.
The event is an occasion to compete for prizes, enjoy adult beverages and marvel at how bad a film can be.
"I just think it's goofy that they made these movies that were so over-the-top," said "B-Movie Bingo" co-founder Robbie Augspurger. "They had to know it."
Augspurger and a handful of friends invented "B-Movie Bingo" in Portland, Ore., in 2006. The event happens once a month at Portland's Hollywood Theatre, with the IMA representing a rare road trip.
To play the game, audience members watch a movie and fill squares such as "Long Boring Scene or Male Ponytail" and "Suspended from the Force."
Bringing "B-Movie Bingo" to the IMA is the work of Scott Stulen, the museum's first curator of audience experiences and performance.
Stulen's mission is to attract visitors with programming that is engaging, provocative and far from routine. He has a track record with "B-Movie Bingo," which visited his former employer, the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, in January.
He said the social element of "B-Movie Bingo" makes it a success.
"Bad movies aren't nearly as much fun to watch by yourself," Stulen said. "They get to be a lot more fun when you watch them with other people."
At the Walker, Augspurger and his crew screened "Samurai Cop" — a 1989 story of organized crime in Los Angeles. According to Eccentric-Cinema.com critic Brian Lindsey, "Samurai Cop" ranks as "the most god-awful example of bungled, inept action filmmaking of the 1980s."
At the IMA's 500-capacity theater known as the Toby, "B-Movie Bingo" will showcase a mid-1980s Indonesian film titled "The Stabilizer."
How did Peter O'Brian, a teacher from New Zealand, land "The Stabilizer's" title role?
"The producers of the film saw him walking through the Jakarta airport," Augspurger said. "They thought it was Sylvester Stallone."
The producers may have been disappointed to learn the truth, but O'Brian looked tough and could fight. He was hired to make his film debut.
Augspurger, 36, grew up near Peoria, Ill., as a fan of action movies. "Up at midnight, watching 'Rambo' on the USA," he recalled.
"B-Movie Bingo" evolved from a quest to watch every Chuck Norris movie listed at IMDB.com. All "Bingo" titles are shown on VHS format, and Augspurger transfers films from DVD to VHS, if necessary.
The hunt for movies can be "an endless rabbit hole," said Augspurger, who does his detective work online or at retro-cool Portland shop Movie Madness Video (which displays a prop knife from Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho" and the baby carriage that tumbled in Brian De Palma's "The Untouchables").
NEWSLETTERS Get the The IndianapoLIST newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Your Indy-area things to do source. Sorting out the best concerts, dining spots, art shows and more. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Wed Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for The IndianapoLIST Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The 1980s and early '90s yielded more than enough trash cinema to keep "B-Movie Bingo" in business.
"I think it was a free-for-all," Augspurger said of the era. "People were a lot less politically correct making movies back then. So anything they could squeeze into a movie and get an R rating, they did."
Augspurger said "B-Movie Bingo" is regarded as a highlight of local culture, which is saying something in the city that inspired TV's "Portlandia" series.
"The best is when an audience picks up on the humor we see in a movie," he said.
Call Star reporter David Lindquist at (317) 444-6404. Follow him on Twitter: @317Lindquist.
"B-Movie Bingo"
• WHEN: 7 p.m. Nov. 21.
• WHERE: The Toby, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 N. Michigan Road.
• TICKETS: $10.
• INFO: IMAmuseum.org, or call (317) 923-1331.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1qBVW3Z
There is something oddly Shakespearian about the story of Pussy Riot, the Russian feminist punk-rock collective staging impromptu events in balaclavas. It recalls the narrative of King Lear's Fool – the laughter dying, the farce drawing to a mysterious, possibly violent close. It likewise recalls the story of the Jester in Andrei Tarkovsky's Andrei Rublev, a shimmering, brutal portrait of 15th century Russia. The Jester is obscene and irreverent, mocking both the state and the church – and suffers an unenviable fate.
Three alleged members of Pussy Riot – Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, Maria Alyokhina, and Yekaterina Samusevich – were jailed after they performed a "punk prayer service" at Christ the Saviour cathedral in downtown Moscow. The masked women ran to the pulpit and sang a song asking the Virgin to "chase [Vladimir Putin] away," repeatedly crying "holy shit", dropping to the floor and crossing themselves. They were swiftly escorted out. Arrests soon followed.
I felt pain when I saw the YouTube video dedicated to the performance. I'm not a good Orthodox Christian girl by any stretch of the imagination, but the church, to me, is still sacred – even a church such as the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour. Destroyed by the Bolsheviks, the cathedral was rebuilt to play an odd role in Russia's spiritual life – it showcased the worst of what the newly powerful Orthodox church had to offer: pomp, circumstance, and tasteless frescoes. I wish that it had been spared Pussy Riot's punk prayer service.
But my hurt at what had occurred was swiftly replaced by horror. It was as if the extremists among Russia's Orthodox Christians were lying in wait for the opportunity presented by Pussy Riot. There were calls to shoot the women. To burn them alive. To strip two of them of their parental right. Pussy Riot supporters were punched at rallies, people with T-shirts saying "Orthodoxy or death" held court on the news. The protest movement, meanwhile, was divided and confused. Christian members of the opposition faced accusations of colluding with the enemy in the face of the church. Those Christians who openly called for mercy and leniency were hounded by their more reactionary counterparts. Someone threatened the judge who allowed Pussy Riot to remain jailed ahead of trial with an axe. It was a mess. It still is.
Worst of all, Pussy Riot's fate now lies in the hands of Russia's criminal court system. As a frequent observer of these courts, I cannot help but point out that they are terrifying. In Moscow alone, over 90% of all criminal court cases end up in convictions; anything less would threaten the close relationship of the courts and the prosecutors. Whenever fellow believers say that "the courts should decide" what to do with Pussy Riot, they are either being naive or openly contemptuous. The courts are there to blindly, brutally enforce the social hierarchy, just like they did in Soviet times – not to get to the bottom of controversial criminal cases.
The incident and its aftermath made apparent the severe dissonance between my actual faith and faith as it is publicly practised and I, a grown woman, found myself crying over this. The dissonance is so enormous that it hurts me – it makes me feel weak, cowardly and helpless. As Orthodox blogger Artyom Tasalov put it: "More than ever now, I am convinced that what [Pussy Riot] did was allowed by God, so that our hearts' intentions were revealed. How much darkness and purulence do our hearts contain."
The pain flared up again this week, when the preliminary investigation against Pussy Riot was completed. They face charges of hooliganism motivated by religious hatred (decried as baseless by their lawyers) and may face seven years in prison. In many ways, the women of Pussy Riot now appear to be scapegoats at a time of political crisis in Russia.
Russian author Dmitry Bykov dedicated a poem to the arrest of Pussy Riot:
"I'm not a fan of the rioting pussies, of their group prayer
I'm not a friend of the punks either – may they forgive my boring tastes.
But why not forgive this stupidity, to excuse this buffoonery?
(I'm trying to sound as toothless as possible, so as to not anger anyone)."
At a time like this, would Jesus have retreated into the comfortable opulence of the church's administrative offices? Or would he have gone knocking on the jailhouse doors? I don't need to think hard about the answer.
• Follow Comment is Free on Twitter @commentisfree
Struggling against the unchecked power of the ultra-Orthodox Chief Rabbinate in religious and family matters is nothing new for Israeli liberals. This summer, however, the battle has been heating up on several fronts.
Most prominently, one woman has stepped forward to state boldly that she would rather face a stint in prison than be forced into divorce proceedings under the Rabbinate's authority.
Nathalie Lastreger, a French immigrant and a rabbinical student, has cast herself as a modern-day Joan of Arc in Israel's wars of religion and state. After she was served with an arrest warrant last week for failing to appear in rabbinical court, she took her story and her crusade public, using both the mainstream media — newspapers, television and radio — and social media in a powerful PR blitz, with help from the staff of the Conservative movement in Israel. On her campaign Facebook page, she issued a call for support announcing that: “A warrant has been issued by the Rabbinical Court of Jerusalem for my imprisonment. I can be arrested at any moment, at any place.”
Lastreger's personal saga is complex and Kafkaesque. The bottom line: although she is not officially legally married in Israel, she is still being compelled to show up in a religious court in order participate in religious divorce proceedings. The story began many years ago, following a first marriage to an Orthodox rabbi. She said that obtaining a divorce in the rabbinical courts was so painful and humiliating that she vowed never again to submit to its authority. That is the reason, she says, that when she met the man who would become her second husband, she only agreed to marry in a Conservative religious Jewish ceremony.
Conservative and Reform weddings, however, are not legally recognized when performed in Israel. Deliberately, the couple chose not to hold a second civil ceremony overseas in order to be recognized legally as married by the state— a step many Israelis take in order to sidestep the Orthodox Rabbinate's monopoly on conducting legal weddings for Jews.
Lastreger and her second husband, she says, deliberately chose not to be registered as married in Israel precisely to avoid the Rabbinate courts. Should they part ways, they agreed, they would seek a Jewish divorce certificate — a “get”— through the Conservative movement, which would allow them to avoid the government Rabbinate apparatus entirely.
But times change and people change, apparently. Lastreger's second husband decided, ultimately, to seek an official divorce in the religious courts. This is common with couples who marry abroad or even those who never marry but live together long-term in a “publicly recognized” relationship.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
What is uncommon is Lastreger's vow to never step foot in the rabbinical courts. She has so far refused to appear at hearings in an act of ideological civil disobedience. That is why she was served with both a legal order barring her from leaving the country— and an arrest warrant.
She wrote on Facebook: “The state of Israel allows the rabbinical court to issue an arrest warrant against a woman like me, who is not even registered as 'married,' to appear in divorce court. In doing so, the state of Israel essentially hands the rabbinical courts unlimited authority. We've become a state ruled by halacha (Jewish law) .There is no escape. In the Israel of 2015, I am considered a criminal who must go to prison.”
She says she is fully prepared to go to jail in order to fight for the right to be married— and divorced — as a Jew in the state of Israel without being forced to submit to the authority of an institution she believes does not recognize or respect her. “I declare that if I go to prison, it will be with my head held high but with a heavy heart that my beloved country has sold its Jewish, democratic and liberal soul to a small minority of ultra-Orthodox that do not even recognize (the state.)"
Lastreger told the Times of Israel that she feels “hunted” and says she is being targeted since having divorced her first ultra-Orthodox rabbi husband, left the Orthodox belief system she grew up, embracing Conservative Judaism to the extent that she will soon be officially ordained as a rabbi. Even before the divorce issue arose, she has been publicly something of a religious rebel.
The rabbinic establishment has another reason to be ill-disposed toward her: in the past, she had served as Director of Education and Public Policy for Women of the Wall (WoW).
Last week, with Lastreger still making headlines and her legal team preparing to appeal her case to the Supreme Court, police arrested a female participant at the group's most recent prayer session. On Friday, WoW board member Rachel Cohen-Yeshurun was detained and handcuffed at the Western Wall for attempting to smuggle a Torah scroll into the women's section
Relations between the Rabbinate and WoW have been gradually reaching a boiling point since the group, for the first time in decades, read from an actual Torah scroll at the Wall. First, the movement sneaked small Torah scrolls into the women's section at the Western Wall. Then came an incident where a man passed a Torah scroll through the barrier separating the men's section and the women's section. The Wall authorities responded to that by enhancing the barrier — hence the need to resume attempts to smuggle an outside scroll in, resulting in the arrest.
All of this comes on the heels of the controversy surrounding the Conservative movement's Bar Mitzvah of special needs children in Rehovot. That one was a double whammy – striking first when the Rehovot mayor cancelled the ceremony, and then again President Reuven Rivlin refused to allow a Conservative rabbi to officiate at the alternative ceremony that was to have taken place at his residence. Then, to make things worse, Religious Affairs Minister David Azoulay made offensive remarks regarding Reform Jews not once - but twice.
Which leads one to ask: Why now? Is the Rabbinate fueled by an increased sense of empowerment because the current government depends on ultra-Orthodox support? Are they exploiting this opportunity to clamp down harder? Or are the pluralistic movements becoming bolder in their tactics since they feel that they have nothing to lose and more to fight for? After all, the reversal of even the smallest progress in moderating the Rabbinate that took place in the last government has demonstrated that currently, trying to change things from within, is essentially impossible. Matters of marriage, divorce, and conversion are more tightly in the grip of the Rabbinate's monopoly than ever.
Whatever the answer, one thing is clear. There will be plenty to talk about at at the “multi-denominational learning session” scheduled for Thursday by President Rivlin to “to discuss the importance of Jewish unity and the need to work together to build understanding and respect."
Whether any “understanding and respect “ can possibly be built in the current atmosphere of distrust and anger, particularly since the chances of any ultra-Orthodox or Rabbinate representation at the session are nil — is highly doubtful.
Welcome to the Women in Fantasy Illustration interview series. I am interviewing a selection of women whose work have made an impact in the Fantasy Illustration Industry.
Today I have the pleasure of sharing a wonderfully honest interview with Rovina Cai. Rovina Cai's artwork has an overall beautifully haunting mood that is accompanied by a high level of skill. I hope you will enjoy this interview as much as I, you're in for some great pearls of wisdom.
1. Please give a brief introduction of yourself, your career and your work
My name is Rovina Cai, I love illustrating stories from mythology and fairy tales, and mixing imagery that is beautiful and slightly dark. Most of the work I create in the fantasy/sci-fi genre are digital paintings, but I also have a drawing style that is sort of like an alter ego or secret identity! Before deciding to become an illustrator, I studied graphic design, and I still like to dabble in various arty and crafty things. I grew up in Melbourne, Australia, and came to the US for school.
Since graduating, it's been a wild ride of exciting projects and clients.
Since graduating, it's been a wild ride of exciting projects and clients. A project I'm particularly excited about is a book I'm currently illustrating for the Folio Society, which will be released later in the year.
2. When did realize you wanted to make a career out of illustrating?
I've wanted to be an illustrator for a long time, but it has been a gradual process of realizing that it's actually possible. When I was in high school I fell in love with the work of Australian illustrator Shaun Tan. I adored his picture books, especially ‘The Arrival', for the way he used images to tell a story, and how his voice came through in his illustrations. But being an illustrator seemed like this mythical thing that was entirely out of reach.
There wasn't much of an illustration community in Australia back when I finished high school, nor any university courses specifically for illustration, so I chose to study graphic design. But just before graduating from university, I attended a design conference and heard a couple of illustrators talk about their work, I think that was when I realised that illustration is something that I really wanted to pursue, and that I'd try to chase this dream, no matter how crazy it seemed at the time.
(…) I realised that illustration is something that I really wanted to pursue, and that I'd try to chase this dream, no matter how crazy it seemed at the time.
3. What difficulties have you faced in transitioning into becoming a professional illustrator?
There's this general feeling of uncertainty when you are just getting started that I dislike a lot. Both the uncertainty of where your next paycheck is going to come from, and also the newness of everything, and not being sure if you're doing it “right”.
There's this general feeling of uncertainty when you are just getting started that I dislike a lot. Both the uncertainty of where your next paycheck is going to come from, and also the newness of everything, and not being sure if you're doing it “right”.
I'm incredibly lucky to have graduated with a really supportive group of friends who are all illustrators at different points in their career. I remember a lot of our post-graduation conversations being like “wait… is this what illustration is? What's a sketch again?” and silly questions like that.
The beginning of my illustration career has been a time of the absolute highest highs and lowest, most frustrating lows I've ever experienced. I wouldn't change a thing if I got the chance to start over, but I also look forward to (hopefully) being a seasoned veteran who's been in the industry for a very long time. I often joke that my aspiration in life is to be an old lady who lives in the woods with many cats, and who is very good at illustration.
4. What do you like the most about illustrating?
I like finally seeing something completed, published, or generally “out there” after toiling away at an illustration for hours and weeks. I guess there's a part of me, deep down, that is still a 5 year old who's really proud of a crayon drawing and just wants to show everyone what she did.
I guess there's a part of me, deep down, that is still a 5 year old who's really proud of a crayon drawing and just wants to show everyone what she did.
Also, in terms of skill, there is a rhythm of practice, improvement and more practice, that I enjoy. Occasionally I'll try something new or go in a different direction, but at the core, art is a constant process of self-improvement. Each new piece of work is a challenge, both technically and conceptually, and it's almost like a game where I'm trying to “one up” myself.
5. What do you like the least about it?
All the work that needs to be done that is not actually illustration. Like networking, self promotion, taxes, replying to emails, even preparing for conventions – which is an activity I do like, but it takes up a good amount of time and mental energy.
I both love and hate that illustration is not a 9 to 5 job, and that we are always surrounded by art.
I both love and hate that illustration is not a 9 to 5 job, and that we are always surrounded by art. I'm still trying to find a good balance between life and work, but it's hard to turn my brain off, so every waking thought tends to be occupied by some sort of art-related thing. I fantasize about taking some time away from art, but that's really hard, because if I'm not making art for work, I'm always scheming on some sort of personal project.
I'm just reaching the point now where the initial extreme enthusiasm for illustration is dying off a bit – the honeymoon stage is over. That doesn't mean that I'm not in love with illustration, but I recognize that I should probably try out these things called “going outside” and “having a life” that everyone keeps talking about!
6. What is it about myths, fairy tales and Gothic Novels that draw you?
I'm drawn to them because there's a wonderful sense of intrigue and magic in these stories that I'm always trying to visually capture (whether it's successful or not is another story altogether!). I enjoy the symbolic nature of fairy tales; in a lot of these stories, the focus is not on the details or characters, but the tale is an analogy for emotions and impressions of the world around us, and these experiences are still as relevant to us today as they were when they were first written, hundreds of years ago.
I enjoy the symbolic nature of fairy tales; in a lot of these stories, the focus is not on the details or characters, but the tale is an analogy for emotions and impressions of the world around us (…)
I like that these stories have been around for hundreds or thousands of years. They're a link to the past that I can tap into; it's a bit like time travel in a way. Someone once described me as “not living in the present” and that's probably true, I have one eye on the future and where I want to go, and one eye on the past, with all those wonderful stories to explore and live in.
7. Please tell a little about your process and your choice of medium.
I started out drawing with pastels and colour pencils, then gradually switched to digital painting, and it kind of stuck. Now I paint in Photoshop with an Intuos tablet. It's a very simple setup and I don't have many fancy brushes or anything. I like the convenience of digital art; it's easy to make changes, and there's no cleaning up afterwards!
I like the convenience of digital art; it's easy to make changes, and there's no cleaning up afterwards!
For a long time now I've been harboring secret ambitions to start oil painting. Last year at Illuxcon, everyone I spoke with were incredibly encouraging, and I walked away feeling inspired to do some traditional work. It's been a slow process so far, but I'm hoping by this year's Illuxcon, I'll have some traditional paintings to show that don't look like finger paintings!
8. You are originally from Australia. What brought you to the US?
I came here for grad school. I applied to the Illustration As Visual Essay program at SVA, but did not expect to get in, because at the time, illustration was still very new to me, and I had no idea what to put in my portfolio. To my surprise, I was accepted, so I came here two and a half years ago and have since fallen in love with New York City.
I graduated last year and I'm sticking around for a while, still trying to decide what to do next. I'd love to return to Australia, but there's such a great community of artists and illustrators in the US, it would be a shame to leave all of that behind. It's not that illustration doesn't exist in Australia, but it is on a much smaller scale compared to here, and there aren't many events or conventions that focuses specifically on fantasy/sci-fi art.
I'd love to return to Australia, but there's such a great community of artists and illustrators in the US (…)
Perhaps because Australia is all the way on the other side of the world, and I've always felt like I'm on the outside looking in. So when I moved here and started attending conventions, and meeting people who's work I'd seen online, it felt very surreal to actually be a part of this wonderful community, and to have people respond in such a positive way to my work.
9. What is the best advice you have ever received regarding your artwork and career?
This piece of advice doesn't come from any one person; over the years many people have stressed the importance of finding a personal voice, but I'm only just starting to understand what that really means. I like to experiment and do different creative things, so I've always worried about not having a very distinct style. But during my time at SVA, I began to understand that personal voice is not just working in one particular style, but a way of interpreting the world around you, a way of seeing that is unique to each person. This voice is developed through your interests and life experiences. Style and mediums might change, but your sensibilities and voice remains constant.
(…) I began to understand that personal voice is not just working in one particular style, but a way of interpreting the world around you, a way of seeing that is unique to each person. This voice is developed through your interests and life experiences.
10. How important is it you for to get away from your desk and seek inspiration outside? Many artists complain they end up living like hermits.
Well I'm definitely living like a hermit right now, but I do think it's extremely important to get away from your desk, and maybe even from art in general. When I need a break, I love visiting museums, and there are so many to explore in New York! Sometimes these trips are for gathering inspiration or research, but sometimes just for fun. I always feel more refreshed after taking a day off, it's like a reset button, though I never do it enough.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed this interview with Rovina. If there are any professional female fantasy artists you greatly admire and would like to see interview with, please leave a comment with their name and a link to their website. I have future interviews planned with Cynthia Sheppard, Rebecca Yanovskaya and more.
Links:
Full Women In Fantasy Illustration Series
The Folio Society
Rovina Cai on Facebook
Rovina Cai's Website
Rovina Cai's Blog
The loonie temporarily shot through the 80-cent mark this morning, driven higher by a weaker U.S. dollar and raising questions about how much longer the Canadian currency can continue its sharp “winning streak.”
Having closed yesterday at 79.81 cents U.S., the loonie so far today has been as high as 80.25 cents and as low as 79.76 cents. It was sitting just below the 80-cent level with a few hours still to go before North American markets open.
Canada's dollar has rallied sharply since hitting a low near 68 cents in January, causing issues for exporters but no doubt raising the spirits of summer vacationers heading into holiday season.
Consider this: A morning cappucino at the Battery Park Ritz-Carlton's 2West in New York costs a Canadian who converts cash about $10 today. That may be steep for a coffee, but consider that it cost around $11.75 in January.
So where does the loonie go from here?
Kit Juckes, the chief of foreign exchange at Société Générale, believes somewhere around 83.5 cents is reasonable, depending on oil prices and the outlook for the Federal Reserve's key interest rate.
“That's a realistic target, after which it gets slower,” Mr. Juckes said.
“But while the Fed's on hold and oil's not falling, there's no great pressure to go back down.”
Jasper Lawler of CMC Markets in London also thinks somewhere above 83 cents is possible, depending on the run-up in oil, whose ups and downs have been moving commodity-based currencies for some time now.
“It's been quite a winning streak,” he said.
But London Capital Group market analyst Ipek Ozkardeskaya isn't so sure, citing questions about whether the oil market “may have gone well beyond itself.
A drop in oil prices, she added, could “compromise the loonie's strength above the 80-cents mark.”
After the San Bernardino terror attack, Congress rushed to address security gaps in visa-free travel but addressed the wrong ones, leaving out visitors from “allied” countries such Saudi Arabia which have actually produced terrorists who attacked the U.S., note Georgianne Nienaber and Coleen Rowley.
By Georgianne Nienaber and Coleen Rowley
Only a few crickets chirped after our 2014 warning of gaps in the Visa Waiver Program (VWP). Our second post , however, came out at the same time the President and Congress had suddenly clicked into gear to tighten the program, obviously in reaction to the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino.
Very likely their new-found concern is also due to officials having discovered the worrisome answer to our all-important question asking how many of the dozens of citizens from waiver participating countries, who now, in hindsight, have been identified as participants in recent terrorist incidents, were NOT ever listed on the key “terrorist watch lists.” Thus making them eligible to easily enter the U.S.
It's been revealed that at least one of the Paris attackers would not have been flagged if he had sought to enter the U.S. through the VWP. Nor was San Bernardino shooter Malik who entered the U.S. on a “ fiancÃ© visa ” reportedly on any of key databases. How many more are like that? We'll only know if investigative reporters pry such embarrassing facts out of Homeland Security officials. It's good the President and Congress finally started worrying about visa travel but unfortunately Congress is still in denial about the real problems. We could not find any discussion of the deeper, root problem with the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment (TIDE) watch list, that even though it lists over 1.1 million persons, it is still somewhat under-inclusive (as well as very over-inclusive, with wrong names and other “hay” piled onto the stack ).
Intelligence analysts cannot be faulted given the difficulty, if not impossibility, of the task they were given to make sense of the post 9/11 (once secret and illegal) programs to “collect it all.” “All” is the operative word, being mostly non-relevant information.
Nor, not surprisingly, could we find any politician lamenting his or her terrible mistakes in having okayed the various post 9/11 wars and bombing campaigns to re-make the Mideast, what some warned would be like “hitting a hornets' nest.” These blunders have only succeeded in vastly increasing the number of terrorist incidents as well as the level of hatred in the world. (State Department records showing terror attacks skyrocketing 6,500 percent since 2002.)
Instead, in its mad rush to push something out to look as if they were quickly remedying the problems, the House skipped normal debate that comes from holding committee meetings, passing its bizarre “ Trump-lite” blanket discriminatory provisions in H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement Act of 2015 , that would bar citizens of participating countries with Syrian, Iraqi, Sudanese or Iranian ancestry from participating in the waiver program even if they have never set foot in any of these countries.
A backlash naturally erupted from civil liberties and minority rights groups. For instance, according to the ACLU's reading of the bill, a person who was born and raised in France but whose father is a Syrian citizen would be forced to get a visa before visiting the United States, even if that person has a French passport and has never been to Syria.
In a press release Tuesday, NIAC Action, a group that lobbies on behalf of Iranian Americans, raised well-founded objections to the bill, saying that in the long run it threatens to harm Americans of Iranian descent.
“Given that the Visa Waiver Program is reciprocal, participating countries can respond by blocking Iranian-American travelers from traveling without a visa,” the group said. “Since Iran considers any children whose fathers are Iranian nationals to also be Iranian nationals, a wide swath of the Iranian diaspora may be targeted by this legislation. This is a dangerous, slippery slope.” Even worse, in their hurry, is the congresspersons' choice of the four specific countries to designate for “blanket” exclusion: Iraq (which was supposed to be a democratic paradise by now), Syria, Sudan and (most bizarrely) Iran , whose nationals have not ever launched a terrorist attack inside the U.S.
Yet, countries like Saudi Arabia (well known as the main country of origin for Al Qaeda, ISIS and the “fountainhead” of Wahhabi terrorism ), Pakistan, Yemen, Qatar, Kuwait, UAE, Egypt, Jordan, Libya, Nigeria, Chechnya and other nations and regions from where terrorist perpetrators have actually come are not designated. This truly makes zero sense, making us wonder if congresspersons have any clue as to the nature of the threat from ISIS and Al Qaeda terrorism.
Certainly it's fair to ask if the congresspersons who voted for or support these “reforms”, demonstrating their apparent lack of concern about travelers/immigrants with ties to Saudi Arabia (like Malik), have read the “ 28 pages ” from the Joint Intelligence Committee Inquiry's Report, reportedly documenting Saudi Arabia's support for Al Qaeda , Osama bin Laden and the 9/11 terrorists. (Although the U.S. government has kept the 28 pages classified and blacked out to the general public, congresspersons are allowed to read them inside a secure facility if they comply with strict security protocol.)
Over 30 congresspersons did warn after H.R. 158 was passed, in a Dec. 11 letter to Senate Majority and Minority Leaders, of “unintended consequences” in disqualifying such populations in a blanket way. These congresspersons wisely recommended that provisions that discriminate based on dual citizenship based solely on ancestry should be eliminated; that exceptions should be made for those who spent time in Iraq, Syria and other designated countries to provide medical or humanitarian aid or as journalists or researchers; and that a “sunset provision” be enacted to require changes to the VWP be reauthorized after a specified period of time.
At the same time, these congresspersons approved of common sense requirements for all VWP travelers to possess an unexpired, fraud resistant electronic passport; new requirements for Interpol screening of travelers and reporting on theft of passports.
On the other hand, some congresspersons and senators (including Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota) who back tightening visa waivers are working at cross-purposes by simultaneously calling for a “no fly zone” in Syria. The proposed “no fly zone” would help retain the already porous border where passports are not always needed to cross.
This, along with jihadists' use of false passports, makes it impossible to ascertain if a VWP applicant has recently crossed from Turkey into Syria or Iraq to fight with ISIS or any of the Al Qaeda affiliated groups. The porous borders have long been a problem but such a “no fly zone” would presumably guarantee that the Syria-Turkey border stays porous. Senators calling for a “no fly zone” ought to be asked how would self-reporting of an applicant's suspicious travel to Syria or Iraq, effectively keep out a hard core “terrorist”? The bottom line is that the proposed VWP reforms will undoubtedly curtail tourism, business and scholar-related travel ( and hurt U.S. economic interests as well), but will do almost nothing to address the real weaknesses of the surveillance-watch-listing process used to cross-check visa and visa waiver applicants.
“Top Secret America's” post 9/11 massive data collection fails to live up to its billing but has unfortunately lulled Americans into thinking it could keep them safe, no matter how many unjustified, stupid wars the U.S. launched, no matter how much terrorism and hatred it ratcheted up. The sad reality which our country's leaders need to realize is that freedom of travel and endless war don't mix well.
Georgianne Nienaber is a regular contributor to the Huffington Post as well as regional and international publications. She is a member of the Society of Professional Journalists and Independent Reporters and Editors. In May 2002, Coleen Rowley, the co-writer of this article and former FBI Agent and Minneapolis Division Legal Counsel, brought some of the pre-9/11 security lapses to light and testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee about the endemic problems facing the FBI and the intelligence community.
Uniforms are becoming increasingly important in the college football world. With each passing season, it seems like teams are in a race to come out with a new look or special uniforms -- anything that will make the school that much more attractive to possible recruits.
And don't be fooled ... recruits really do care about them.
Recruits aren't alone, either. Just about every time a school comes out with a new look, you'll be able to read about it here at CBS Sports as our readers can't seem to get enough of the uniforms, either.
So, if uniforms are that important, we must give them the traditional college football treatment: ranking them.
This week, I'll be ranking the uniforms of every Power Five conference, from the worst to the best. These rankings are based on absolutely nothing but my personal taste.
Today, we rank the uniforms of the Big Ten, the conference I grew up watching. As a result, I've grown somewhat attached to just about every uniform in the conference. That makes this all just a bit more difficult, because even the uniforms I don't like to have some place in my heart, well, except for Maryland and Rutgers.
Sorry, newbies, but I'm ranking you based on nothing but what my discerning eye for fashion sees.
14. Maryland: Was it worth it, Jim Delany? Were all those new cable boxes, and that extra television revenue worth having to look at these crimes against humanity that Maryland calls a uniform every week? Can you really put a price on your vision? Because I'm telling you, Jim, one of these days you'll be watching a Maryland-Minnesota rivalry game, and you'll just snap. You won't be able to take it anymore. You will begin pouring bleach into your eyes just to make the pain go away. Will it have been worth it then, Jim?
USATSI
13. Indiana: From the neck down, Indiana's uniforms are fine. There's nothing special about them, but there isn't really anything offensive to the eye, either. They're just standard issue football uniforms, done in two very common colors. But the helmets, man, the helmets. Indiana is handicapped a bit by what it can do with its logo because you can't put a Hoosier on there. "Hey, look, it's some dude in a John Deere hat." That means Indiana has to stick with its simple IU logo, but Indiana felt it was too boring -- because it is. This is where things go wrong, whether it's the peppermint wheel chrome helmet, or the state flag helmet, it's all just bad. Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
USATSI
12. Wisconsin: My main problem with Wisconsin's uniforms are the big, dumb W on the helmet. It's just so silly looking. I have never liked it, and I was heartbroken to find out that my high school -- shout out Proviso West -- went with the same W logo on their helmets after I graduated. There's a small part of me that wants to become a billionaire solely so I can finance new uniforms for the old alma mater. That's how much I dislike the W. As for the rest of the uniform, it's basically the same situation as Indiana, right down to the colors. There's nothing wrong with them, but there's nothing good about them, either. They're boring, but not the right kind of boring.
USATSI
11. Rutgers: It's funny because when I look at Rutgers I see a uniform that I believe I should strongly dislike, but I don't. They're like a painting that you appreciate more and more the longer you stare at it. Don't get me wrong, I don't think Rutgers' uniforms are amazing or anything. Where I have them ranked here should make that clear. There are parts of the look that I really do like though. When it comes to chrome helmets, roughly 80 percent of the time I'm like "why?' and the other 20 percent works. Rutgers falls in that 20 percent. Particularly the silver chrome helmet with the black R logo. Those things are fantastic.
USATSI
10. Michigan State: The one thing about Michigan State uniforms that holds them back is the font the school uses in the lettering and in the numbers. I just don't like it. It looks like something you'd see on somebody's Geocities site back the late 90s. If Sparty would just find a new font, I bet it would improve the look significantly. I mean, I like the helmet, and the green and white colors work well together. I'm even OK with Michigan State working in some black, because I think it plays well with the shade of green it uses. Stop with the gold or pewter or whatever the hell that metallic color you wore occasionally last year was. It just doesn't work.
USATSI
9. Minnesota: Minnesota has great colors to work with. Maroon and gold work well together, and it's a unique enough combination in that you don't see a too many other schools using it. What bothers me is that Minnesota has that combination, and it just doesn't do enough with it. The yellow helmet with the maroon M is a good start, keep going in that direction. If you want to do something a bit more drastic, I do have a recommendation: ditch the M logo. Put the gopher on the helmets. You won't regret it.
USATSI
8. Nebraska: Here's the thing. If you're reading this, you're likely wondering why I can have Indiana and Wisconsin ranked as low as I do, yet have Nebraska this high. Well, it's quite simple really. Nebraska's uniforms aren't just boring, they're aggressively boring. Just look at the N logo on the helmet. It's like Tom Osborne -- I operate under the assumption that Tom Osborne literally gave birth to Nebraska football, and has made every single decision about the program since -- said "I want the most basic looking damn letter in the history of language on my helmet," and that's exactly what he got. It's so damn boring that I actually have to respect it in a twisted way. That's why Nebraska is this high. If not for some horrific alternates in recent years, I might even have the Huskers higher.
USATSI
7. Purdue: Listen, Purdue, you play some horrible football, but you've taken a big step forward in the uniform game lately. You're blessed with some great colors in black and gold, which gives you an awesome foundation to work with. That means keeping it simple with the uniform is typically going to work well for you no matter what you do, but there were a couple of helmet changes last year that I just loved. There were the black matte helmets with the train track stripe down the center was divine, and then you busted out those white helmets with the train logo! Those were even better! Hell, I even like the fluorescent yellow, Purdue. If your actual football team can take the same step forward as your helmet game did last season, I smell a bowl game.
USATSI
6. Ohio State: I used to like Ohio State's uniforms a lot more, with the helmet being one of the main reasons. I liked the sparkly silver dome with the Buckeye stickers all over it, but in recent years, Ohio State's been tinkering with the helmet. They've also been tinkering with different alternates, some of which have worked, and others haven't. At the end of the day, though, I still like Ohio State's uniforms, even with the unnecessary tinkering. It's probably more likely that the Buckeyes were just passed by a couple of other uniforms more so than they've fallen back.
USATSI
5. Illinois: Illinois went through a rebranding recently, and man did it work out well for the Illini. They went from having one of my least favorite uniforms in the Big Ten -- despite having one of my favorite color combinations -- to reaching the top five. The Illini not only have a number of new combinations they can work with for any game, but none of them look bad. Hell, I like the gray uniforms, even if Illinois having gray uniforms makes no sense. Illinois' uniforms are like a role player on a basketball team -- I had to mention basketball or Illinois fans would stop reading -- in that, while they don't have superstar potential, they have a high floor.
USATSI
4. Michigan: The greatest thing that could have happened to Michigan was its recent deal with Nike. I was starting to become convinced that Adidas' sole goal with the Wolverines was to destroy their self-esteem by making them wear ugly uniforms, and thereby destroying the football program. For a time there it looked as though it might work! Now we should see an end to the hideous alternates the Wolverines had been wearing, and see them go back to the basics. Maize and blue work wonderfully together. You don't need to do anything crazy with the uniforms to make them stand out with those colors. They do it on their own. Then there's the helmet. I know some people don't like it, but it's an iconic look, and one I find quite appealing and unique.
USATSI
3. Northwestern: When you're working with purple, black and white, you've got an advantage over a lot of other teams in my mind, and those colors are a big reason why Northwestern is this high. They aren't the only reason, though. The one thing that helps make Northwestern stand out is having the horizontal stripe across the midsection on the uniforms. When I first saw them as a concept, I thought it was ridiculous, but seeing them on the actual uniforms, and on the field, I think it's great. The stripe is just kind of nerdy, something you'd see on a sweater that the dorky kid in class is wearing, and that's perfect for Northwestern. The Wildcats don't mind the "smart kid" reputation that they have. Now, with all that being said, those all-black gothic uniforms? Burn them.
USATSI
2. Iowa: A lot of people will complain that Iowa's uniforms look too much like the Pittsburgh Steelers, but the Steelers look good! And so do the Hawkeyes! If you're flipping through games on a college football Saturday, you immediately recognize the Iowa Hawkeyes when they show up on your screen. They're simple and classic, but also with the right stripes in the right places to make them pop a bit more. Plus, that logo is fantastic.
USATSI
1. Penn State: Earlier in this post, I called Wisconsin's uniforms boring, but said they aren't the right kind of boring. Penn State's uniforms are the right kind of boring. They're basic, clean, simple, and beautiful. There's no logo, there aren't even names on the jerseys. Just blocks of color with a white helmet featuring a blue stripe. I know that a lot of you will disagree with me having Penn State ranked here, and I'll completely understand where you're coming from. To you these might not be the right kind of boring, but just plain boring. And that's fine, but I love them. The only thing I'd like to see change is going back to having the white or blue collar on the jerseys. They made things pop a bit more.
New traffic signals on Farnsworth Avenue Bridge begin Monday
Traffic shifts and new traffic signals on the Farnsworth Avenue Bridge over the Reagan Memorial Tollway in Aurora will take place to accommodate winter travel as construction projects continue this season.
On Friday, northbound traffic on the Farnsworth Bridge bang using two lanes on a newly built northbound side of the bridge, according to a statement from the Illinois Tollway.
On Monday, new traffic signals will be activated on Farnsworth Avenue at the interchange in order to direct traffic through a new ramp configuration for drivers entering to westbound I-88 and leaving eastbound I-88, said the Illinois Tollway.
After the traffic signals are activated, detours will be removed for the permanently closed ramps connecting northbound Farnsworth Avenue to westbound I-88 and the eastbound I-88 to northbound Farnsworth Avenue, according to Illinois Tollway.
The Farnsworth Avenue Bridge will remain closed to pedestrians, the Illinois Tollway said.
Construction on the Farnsworth Avenue Interchange Project is ongoing and expected to be complete in 2017, according to the Illinois Tollway.
Etihad Guest is transfer partners with Amex Membership Rewards, Citi ThankYou, and Starwood Preferred Guest, and I tend to think it's the all around most valuable loyalty program offered by a Gulf carrier, thanks to their mostly reasonable redemption rates.
Beyond that, they had some great partner redemption opportunities. No doubt the single best partner redemption value they had, and arguably the best award prices offered by any loyalty program, were for travel on Brussels Airlines.
To quote what I said last May:
There's one partner award opportunity which is outrageously generous. Specifically, redeeming Etihad Guest miles on Brussels Airlines is an incredible deal. The rates are so low that it almost doesn't make sense. Here's the Etihad Guest award chart for redemptions on Brussels Airlines, quoting roundtrip redemption rates:
Well, I guess it shouldn't come as much of a surprise, but Etihad Guest has devalued award redemptions on Brussels Airlines, unfortunately without notice. Here's the new Etihad Guest award chart for redemptions on Brussels Airlines, which reflects one-way redemption costs:
Ouch! To give a few before and after examples of roundtrip redemption rates:
Brussels to Paris in economy used to cost 930 miles, and now costs 10,000 miles
Brussels to New York in economy used to cost 21,972 miles, and now costs 54,000 miles
Brussels to New York in business used to cost 36,620 miles, and now costs 88,000 miles
Brussels to Tel Aviv in business class used to cost 20,160 miles, and now costs 64,000 miles
Brussels Airlines A330 business class
One benefit — if you can even call it that — is that one-way redemptions are now allowed. That's not of much benefit when you consider that almost across the board one-way tickets are now more expensive than roundtrip tickets.
The only other positive change is that Etihad has added more cities to the Brussels Airlines chart. Previously not all Brussels Airlines destinations were listed on the chart, while now they seem to be.
Bottom line
This devaluation was inevitable. Anytime you seem award prices that seem too good to be true, they usually are. This value had been around for years, so it's not surprising to see that they finally changed it. However, I am very disappointed that they chose to make this change without any sort of advance notice, and without really acknowledging the change, other than updating the PDF with award prices.
Did you ever have the chance to redeem Etihad miles on Brussels?
(Tip of the hat to View from the Wing)
Mark Zuckerberg at the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference in San Francisco. Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
This post originally appeared on Business Insider.
Facebook's chief product officer, Chris Cox, is forcing some of his team into using Android phones so that they can have the same experience as hundreds of millions of users, Wired reports.
“I am mandating a switch of a whole bunch of my team over to Android, just because people, when left up to their own devices, will often prefer an iPhone,” Cox said.
Android is now used by 1 in 5 people globally, so creating a good Facebook experience is essential. However, if no Facebook employees use the Android verison of the Facebook app regularly, they cannot flag bugs and annoyances. Cox argues that engineers will be “living in the same experience that most Facebook users experience today.”
The move comes as part of a larger focus by Facebook on emerging markets that includes “2G Tuesdays,” forcing employees into using a slow Internet connection, like much of the developing world. Facebook is used by more than 1.5 billion people, but that still leaves 4.5 billion potential users that the social network wants to reach.
It's unclear if Facebook will be providing the Android phones for those who are switching or the kind of phones they will receive. There are reportedly more than 18,700 distinct Android devices available.
See also: Facebook Already Uses AI to Recognize Photos. The Next Step Is Video.
Polling by Lord Ashcroft indicates that Charles Kennedy could be on the casualty list and Gordon Brown's seat could fall
The full scale of the post-referendum political earthquake in Scotland has been demonstrated by a new poll which suggests Charles Kennedy's once safe seat will fall to the Scottish National party, along with the seat Gordon Brown is retiring from in May.
Projected SNP landslide could see it form part of next UK government Read more
The poll by Lord Ashcroft – which is of a series of parliamentary seats across Britain – indicates that the SNP, led by Nicola Sturgeon, could win 56 of Scotland's 59 parliamentary seats, according to the veteran polling analyst Mike Smithson. This would virtually wipe out the Labour party and the Liberal Democrats north of the border.
The projected success of the SNP would almost cancel out Labour gains in other parts of Great Britain, producing a dead heat between the two main parties on 7 May, according to Ashcroft's projections.
The former Tory treasurer, who now insists he is an impartial pollster, suggested that the Tories and Labour would be tied on 272 seats each. Labour won 258 seats in 2010 while the Tories won 306 seats.
In a presentation to the ConservativeHome website, Ashcroft challenged David Cameron to “weaponise” himself – a play on the wording Ed Miliband is reported to have used to describe Labour's tactics on the NHS.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats were shocked by signs of the depth of the SNP breakthrough despite losing the independence referendum in September. Charles Kennedy, the former Lib Dem leader, is five points behind the SNP in his Highlands seat of Ross, Skye and Lochabar. The poll placed the SNP in his seat on 40%, the Lib Dems on 35%, Labour on 9% and the Tories on 8%.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Charles Kennedy is five points behind the SNP in his Highlands seat of Ross, Skye and Lochabar. Photograph: Martin Argles for the Guardian
The Lib Dems had hoped that Kennedy, first elected in 1983 who has kept his distance from the coalition, would be safe. “I'm genuinely shocked about Kennedy,” one Lib Dem source said. Projections from the polling in eight Scottish seats suggests that Alistair Carmichael, the Scotland secretary, would be the only one of the Lib Dem MPs in Scotland to hold on, in Orkney and Shetland.
The one Lib Dem hope is that the likes of Kennedy will enjoy a personal boost. Ashcroft did not prompt voters by naming candidates, although he did ask voters to think of the candidates standing in the constituency. Smithson suggested that the SNP would fare less well if the poll had named candidates.
The deep threat to Labour is highlighted by a 28.5% SNP swing in Gordon Brown's seat of Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath. The poll placed the SNP on 45%, Labour on 37%, the Tories on 10% and the Lib Dems on 2%. Labour will not benefit from any personal bounce in the seat because the former prime minister is standing down at the election.
The one crumb of comfort for Labour is that Jim Murphy, the party's leader in Scotland, will hang on in East Renfrewshire. But Murphy is just one point ahead of the SNP by 34% to 33%. The Tories are on 26% and the Lib Dems on 2% behind the Greens on 3%. All the parties will treat the poll with caution. Ashcroft polled just eight of the 59 seats in Scotland.
Angus Robertson, the SNP general election campaign director, said: “These polls are very encouraging, but we aren't taking a single seat or vote for granted in May. The most significant aspect of the findings is it confirms that the SNP's surge in support is reflected every bit as much in areas of Scotland which voted no as a well as yes in the referendum.”
Murphy acknowledged that the polls were bad news for Labour but he sought to use the findings to highlight Labour's central message in Scotland – that a vote for the SNP would help Cameron remain in No 10.
Murphy said: “There is no gloss that can be put on these polls. This is bad news for Scottish Labour but great news for the Tories. David Cameron will be rubbing his hands with glee when he sees these polls, because any seat the SNP take from Scottish Labour makes it more likely the Tories will be the largest party across the UK.
“It is a simple fact that in every election since before the second world war, the largest party has gone on to form the government. In May's election, the biggest party will be either Labour or the Tories. This election is too close to call with Labour and the Tories running neck and neck. This poll makes clear that only Labour is big enough and strong enough to beat the Tories across the UK.
“We need to do everything we can to stop the Tories being the largest party, and the way to do that is to vote for Scottish Labour.
“We can't let David Cameron back into Downing Street by the back door. That would be a disaster for Scotland, but it looks like that is what might happen if these polls in Scotland are repeated on election day.”
Ashcroft found the weaknesses of the party leaders as voters drew laughable comparisons. Miliband was likened to the cartoon character Elmer Fudd and a creme de menthe. Clegg was likened to Fred from Scoobie Doo, a Smart car, a bottle of Babycham and a chihuahua in a handbag. Cameron was likened to a Vesper Martini, a Mercedes, Dick Dastardly and Hugh Grant.
Ray Bradbury, the American writer famous for science fiction novels such as Fahrenheit 451, has died at age 91.
His daughter, Alexandra Bradbury, says her father died Tuesday night in Southern California, but did not give additional details.
Bradbury created a dystopian future in which books were burned in Fahrenheit 451, his best-known novel. He wrote a wide range of fantasy, horror and sci-fi novels and short stories including Cold War morality tale, The Martian Chronicles.
Science fiction writer Ray Bradbury is shown Dec. 8, 1966, looking at a picture that was part of a school project to illustrate characters in one of his dramas in Los Angeles. (Associated Press)
He also wrote the screenplay for the 1956 film version of Moby Dick and created TV scripts for The Twilight Zone.
"What I have always been is a hybrid author," Bradbury said in 2009. "I am completely in love with movies, and I am completely in love with theatre, and I am completely in love with libraries."
Bradbury rejected the term science fiction, prefering fantasy to describe his work. "My stories are strongly moral in a way and exemplary; I'm not interested in predicting futures," he said in a 1969 interview with CBC.
On Wednesday, artists influenced by his work came forward to pay tribute to his genius. Among them was Pan's Labyrinth director Guillermo del Toro, who wrote "I feel lonelier. The world is vast and barren: Bradbury was one of the titans of fantastic fiction and a unique voice in American literature. The lyricism of his prose influenced many generations across the globe. A humanist before anything else, Bradbury nurtured my youthful hopes, my flights of fancy. His soul was gentle but his imagination was fierce."
Canadian DJ Deadmau5 acknowledged Bradbury's influence on his song The Veldt in his Twitter feed. "RIP Ray Bradbury: you've touched many lives with your work, and even a few more recently you might not have expected! Sleep well dude!" he tweeted.
In recent years a stroke had put him in wheelchair, but Bradbury continued to write new novels, screenplays and poetry and appeared at literary events in the Los Angeles area.
Author Ray Bradbury is shown April 25, 2009, attending The Los Angeles Times Festival of Books in Los Angeles. He remained a staunch advocate for libraries throughout his life. (Katy Wynn/Associated Pess)
Born Aug. 22, 1920, in Waukegan, Ill., and raised in Arizona and Los Angeles, he was influenced as a young reader by Edgar Allan Poe, Edgar Rice Burroughs and H.G. Wells.
Loved the library
His family was too poor to send him to college, but Bradbury spent his time in libraries and fed his fertile imagination with movies.
He was rejected from military service during the Second World War because of his poor eyesight and began to write science fiction stories for pulp fiction magazines in 1938. His first collection of short stories, Dark Carnival, was published in 1947.
The book that made him a household name was The Martian Chronicles, a series of stories about an idyllic Martian civilization that is brutalized by colonizers from Earth. Like many of his books, it was a critique of politics on Earth, in this case the Cold War.
The influential British writer Christopher Isherwood gave the book a glowing review and brought Bradbury to wide attention.
Social media Fans of Ray Bradbury share memories, quotes.
In 1953, he wrote Fahrenheit 451, giving an apocalyptic picture of a world where nuclear war has led to a crackdown on dissenting ideas. Firefighters are assigned to burn books and most people are contented with electronic devices that provide unchallenging entertainment.
Bradbury's book was inspired by his love for libraries and was meant as a critique of television, but also foreshadowed the world of iPods, interactive websites and electronic surveillance that is here today.
Hatred for book-burning
"It was a book based on real facts and also on my hatred for people who burn books," he told The Associated Press in 2002.
It became a futuristic classic and was part of many college and high school reading lists. François Truffaut directed a 1966 movie version and the book's title was appropriated — without Bradbury's permission — for Michael Moore's documentary Fahrenheit 9/11.
Bradbury published more than 500 novels, short stories, screenplays and TV scripts, including The Illustrated Man and Something Wicked This Way Comes. He is known for his inventive plotting — a boy defeating a vampire by stuffing him with silver coins; a dinosaur mistaking a fog horn for a mating call; Ernest Hemingway comes back to life on a time machine.
Short stories such as A Sound of Thunder (The Butterfly Effect), The Small Assassin and The Halloween Tree are among his many works to have been adapted to the screen. Dozens of stories were adapted for 1980s series The Ray Bradbury Theater.
Fahrenheit 451, by Ray Bradbury, became an American classic. (Simon & Schuster/Associated Press)
Bradbury's critics found his description unconvincing, his depiction of women old-fashioned and his rendering of worlds with problems too close to those here on Earth repetitive. But he was rare as a genre writer who was treated seriously in the literary world.
Special Pulitzer
In 2007, he received a special Pulitzer Prize citation "for his distinguished, prolific and deeply influential career as an unmatched author of science fiction and fantasy." In 2000 he was awarded an honorary National Book Award medal for lifetime achievement.
"Everything I've done is a surprise, a wonderful surprise," Bradbury said during his acceptance speech in 2000. "I sometimes get up at night when I can't sleep and walk down into my library and open one of my books and read a paragraph and say, 'My God, did I write that? Did I write that?', because it's still a surprise."
Despite keeping his eyes on the future, Bradbury was not an early adopter of technology. He didn't drive or fly and he refused to have a computer.
"I'm not afraid of machines," he told Writer's Digest in 1976. "I don't think the robots are taking over. I think the men who play with toys have taken over. And if we don't take the toys out of their hands, we're fools."
Bradbury is survived by his four daughters. Marguerite Bradbury, his wife of 56 years, died in 2003.
Taiwanese Special Forces and a select few other military units recently received updated bulletproof armor that includes a ballistic face mask that serves to protect operators from lethal headshots and to reduce fighting effectiveness of opposing forces, seemingly by causing them to immediately curl into the fetal position and cry for their mothers. Check out one of the scariest-looking armies ever after the jump.
The United States has also used the ballistic mask for small teams in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as during the drug war of the 1980s. A handful of these guys approaching is likely enough to disconcert even the most hardened cartel enforcer, but an entire platoon marching in lockstep is so terrifying we assume the weapons they're carrying are just for show.
▼ After all, it's hard to hit a target that's fleeing full-sprint in the other direction.
Each ballistic mask is apparently rated to block close-range shots from a .44 magnum – which, if our extensive video game experience is any indication, is a hell of a weapon. It should be noted, however, that the mask distributes the impact of a bullet over a relatively small surface area, meaning a headshot, while not lethal to the mask wearer, is sure to ruin his day and probably his dating prospects for a very long time.
Other than the obvious added protection and intimidation factor of the masks, there is one other possible explanation for the Taiwanese government issuing them: they don't want us to realize that they've actually just introduced a horrifying army of supersoldier Boba Fett clones.
Source: DDN Japan
VANCOUVER -- Kinder Morgan's proposed $5.4-billion Trans Mountain pipeline expansion avoids several areas in the Lower Mainland that have become built up since the company's existing line was constructed in the 1950s, but the company had fewer options in Burnaby.
The proposed route skirts new neighbourhoods in Langley and Surrey — in Walnut Grove and Fraser Heights, respectively — by moving the pipeline closer to the Fraser River to utilize railway and road corridors.
And while the proposed new route in Burnaby uses the Lougheed Highway corridor, it still passes near a neighbourhood that contains Meadowood Park north of Broadway, and also through residential areas adjacent to Hastings Street and Cliff Avenue, which is adjacent to the Burrard Inlet Conservation Area.
The pipeline-twinning proposal — which will nearly triple capacity to 890,000 barrels a day and bring 400 more tankers a year to Burrard Inlet — has already seen opposition from environmentalists, First Nations and community groups, including in Burnaby. Their chief concern is the risk of spills from pipelines and tankers.
The route outlined in Kinder Morgan's more than 15,000-page project description, submitted to the National Energy Board on Monday, differs significantly in Burnaby from the existing route.
The existing route passes directly through a larger area of residential neighbourhoods, including west of Marmont Street, south of Clarke Road, and near Duthie Avenue.
About 73 per cent of the twinning project follows the existing route, including through most of the B.C. Interior.
Kinder Morgan senior project director Greg Toth said the company couldn't follow the existing route in the Lower Mainland because constructing the pipeline in neighbourhoods built-up since the original pipeline began operating 60 years ago — in some instances where the pipeline is buried beneath residential properties — would be too disruptive.
Generally, a 40-metre-wide construction zone is needed for road access, to place dug-up material and install the pipe, noted Toth.
Structures cannot be built on Kinder Morgan's 18-metre pipeline easement, but there are lawns and gardens in the easement on people's private properties, he noted.
The new route will follow existing highway and rail corridors, including Lougheed Highway for about five kilometres. In an effort to avoid residential areas, the proposed route also skirts Burnaby Mountain Parkway below Simon Fraser University.
Toth noted there is also a possibility of extending the pipeline north of Burnaby Mountain Parkway.
Under the National Energy Board's rules, Kinder Morgan is allowed to file updated route proposals during the review, which, once its application has been accepted as complete, must be finished within 15 months. That will bring a decision on the project sometime in 2015.
Burnaby residents are particularly sensitive to Kinder Morgan's proposed pipeline routing as there was a major incident in 2007 that spilled nearly 250,000 litres of crude oil after a road crew's excavator hit the pipeline.
About 50 homes, property, and a section of the Barnet Highway were hit with oil when the 24-inch pipeline was ruptured, resulting in a 30-metre geyser spraying for about 25 minutes.
About 70,000 litres flowed into Burrard Inlet, and a 1.2-kilometres stretch of shoreline was affected. The cleanup cost roughly $15 million.
Burnaby-Douglas MP Kennedy Stewart, whose riding encompasses a large portion of the proposed route, said the project application “explodes” the idea this is a simple expansion of the existing line.
In Burnaby, 99 per cent of the route is new, he said.
Stewart said he is concerned that pipeline construction along Lougheed Highway will be very disruptive to Lower Mainland residents.
“While they may have avoided some of the residential areas in Burnaby, I don't know this is much of a solution,” he said.
The Trans Mountain expansion, similarly to the $6.5-billion Northern Gateway project, is meant to open new markets in Asia for diluted bitumen from the Alberta oilsands. Canadian oil producers rely almost completely on the U.S. market.
ghoekstra@vancouversun.com
MARLIN, FALLS COUNTY - A former Central Texas police officer is reportedly on suicide watch after he was sentenced to 15 years in prison on Thursday for choking a teenager during a traffic stop last year.
Jack Comeaux, former police officer from Rosebud, about 25 miles east of Temple, choked that teen during a traffic stop in January of 2009.
Comeaux was one of the people who took the stand Thursday afternoon at the Falls County Courthouse, the same place where he was tried and convicted in May of this year.
Jack Comeaux was convicted of Aggravated Assault Causing Serious Bodily Injury.
The first-degree felony charge carried a possible sentence of anywhere from 5 to 99 years or life in prison.
The state asked for Comeaux to be sentenced to 20 years, but the 82nd Judicial Court Judge Robert Stem ordered him to serve 15.
While District Attorney Jody Gilliam painted Comeaux as an out-of-control gypsy cop, a number of elected officials and lawmen made the case Thursday to place Comeaux on probation.
Gilliam said Comeaux showed no remorse for his actions, and said that probation was out of the question.
"Hopefully the judge's sentence sent a strong message to the public that we will not tolerate this type of behavior from law enforcement directed at them, and likewise hopefully it sent a message to law enforcement as well," Gilliam said.
Comeaux himself took the stand late in the afternoon, and became choked up with emotion as he spoke about that night, telling 82nd District Court Judge Robert Stem that as a law officer "I'm supposed to deal more level-headed than I did, and I didn't do that very well."
"He (the teen) made some errors in judgment, I made some errors in judgment, and it escalated, and I could have done better," said Comeaux.
Some of Comeaux's strongest support came from the mayor of the town of Buckholts, Hal Senkel, who credited Comeaux with building his town's new police department.
Greetings once more from Romania! As I write this, Brooke and I are currently on a train from Bucharest heading north to the town of Brasov. This ride is our first encounter with a European train – something I've been looking forward to all day. Also our first time in one of those shared train compartments occupied by a group of strangers facing each other. Nifty!
So far, our time in Romania has been, quite frankly, kind of thrilling and fun. Bucharest is bustling, the gorgeous late-summer weather is a nice change of pace and makes for pleasant walks through the quality park near our hotel. Impressions so far? While I would hesitate to say that Romania falls under the category of a developing nation, I would say that it's a nation that's rebuilding. Hey, your country might be too if it was just over twenty years removed from an epic political revolution that ousted a diminutive, megalomaniacal communist leader. Toss on a parade of crappy presidents that followed afterwards, lingering structural damage from allied bombing during WWII and even a devastating earthquake in the late 1970's and it's easy to understand why this is a country trying to climb it's way back to it's Mid-20th century nickname of “Little Paris.”
Brooke mentioned the dilapidated nature of some of Bucharest, but it's worth repeating. For every well-maintained building with a stunning facade, there is a neighboring building that's crying out for an Extreme Home Makeover. Apparently, some of these run down edifices are a haven for squatting Gypsies, while others are owned by landlords who are just waiting for the buildings to crumble on their own (sad). Others still (like the National Theater) are undergoing overdue yet magnificent renovations. Also, there is so much graffiti on the buildings that ARE in use, we're considering cashing in and opening a spray paint store. You can see neon colored paint on about 75% of buildings. Whether it is an apartment high-rise or a local monument, it has been tagged in one way or another. It's just everywhere. On a similar note, you have to be heads up for random, loose wires dangling in your path when you walk. Those dangerous urban vipers are everywhere too. Yet, don't get the wrong idea; we've enjoyed our time in the city. We really have. From all that we've heard, read and seen, the city motto here could be “Bucharest: much better than it used to be.”
In fact, it seems like the 1980's were a particularly awful time to live in Romania for a thousand different reasons. The decade ended with a revolution that ousted Nicolae Ceausescu who was, by all professional accounts, a downright rat bastard. One impact of his regime that we hear about over and over was his destructions of several old quarters of the city in favor of building a modern, Paris-style central avenue. To many a Romanian's chagrin, wonderful, amazing old parts of the city were toppled by hungry bulldozers. What does remain is the exceptionally cool Lipscani or Old Town. A small section of Bucharest that's packed with truly beautiful old buildings, an endless array of tantalizingly hip bars and restaurants with outdoor seating and small pedestrian-only streets. Old Town has a pulse and flavor that makes it lively and distinct from the other parts of the city. The only shame is that 30 years ago it was a region that was so much larger!
Oddly enough, there are an unsettling amount of wayward dogs who are trotting around the city. Certainly an uncommon sight elsewhere, we're told that most of these canines are harmless, but they cause enough trouble that reportedly up to 150 people a day get bitten. Straight out of crazy town is that the government has done little to tackle this issue. Apparently, the problem stems in part from the afore-mentioned Rat Bastard's destruction of people's homes during which time residents just set their pets loose. Also worth mentioning is the sheer volume of smoking we've seen in Romania. I know, I know – people everywhere smoke more than they do in the Untied States. We've seen it from Asia to Copenhagen. But, Holy Marlborough Man, I'm telling you do the people smoke in Romania. It is everywhere–street corners, stores and even the train. It is not just tolerated, it's almost expected. You want to go to a restaurant with a Non-smoking section? Good luck. The law dictates that there must be one token non-smoking table somewhere in the corner, but that's about it. And, in fact, recent legislation has repealed some of the smoking restrictions. As Brooke lamented yesterday, “Don't these beautiful girls know they're going to end up looking wrinkled and old by the time they hit 40?” It's taken some getting used to. And my clothes smell like they did circa the bar scene in 1998.
Speaking of rules, we've learned that many laws in Romania are actually only kind of laws. There are loose interpretations on what's technically illegal on everything from liquor sales to regulated taxi fares to parking and driving. We've witnessed that large parts of the world seems to have a more liberal take of road rules that we do in the United States. Silly us thought that common rules like pedestrian right of way and yielding to emergency vehicles would be universal, but as my dad has warned us, “Don't assume anything when you travel.” (This would have also been good advice to heed when we had to visit four separate post offices in a confounding attempt to ship a box home.) One of our taxi drivers decided to cover some ground by driving in reverse for a few hundred meters down a one-way street. And the parking golden rule is “just wherever you can find a space” – which means sidewalks, driveways, crosswalks and more are fair game with nary a parking ticket to be seen. We've wondered how a few drivers even put the car in a particular space! This site offers some photos of the most bewildering offenders. We once again chose to blame the afore-mentioned Rat Bastard leader (although his hands are probably clean on this one).
All that being said, Bucharest has been a very safe city boasting an impressively low crime rate with apparently pickpockets accounting for the most dangerous threat. Combine that with a large number of people speak at least a small amount of English and we feel as comfortable and safe as New Yorkers strolling through central park. We've had some great meals, made a few wonderful new friends, and seen some impressive sights. While we can point out all those unique differences, we also can gush about how interesting it is to visit a corner of the world that doesn't attract tons of tourists. Just…watch out for the dogs, smokers and loose wires.
-Phil
Advertisements
Edward Thaddeus “Tad” Foote II, who had a tremendous influence on the growth and development of the University of Miami for more than two decades, passed away on Monday, February 15. As the school's fourth president, he significantly raised the academic and research stature of the school, spearheaded a capital fundraising campaign that was the second largest in the history of American higher education at the time, and instituted a series of other reforms that ranged from improved facilities to new academic programs.
He was 78.
"President Foote's tenure as president from 1981 to 2001 was marked by a far-reaching and rigorous pursuit of academic excellence that helped to distinguish our students and faculty among the finest in the nation," said UM President Julio Frenk. "Together with his late wife, Roberta “Bosey” Fulbright Foote, they made Miami their home, and we are a far better and stronger institution and community thanks to them."
"He was a remarkable leader and a real gentleman," said former UM President Donna E. Shalala. "The University improved greatly under his tenure."
A former dean of the law school at Washington University in St. Louis, Foote was only 43 when he succeeded Henry King Stanford as UM president in 1981.
Read the Spring 2001 Miami magazine story where UM President Edward T. Foote II reflects on his tenure.
Review "A President's Legacy," a tribute book published in celebration of UM President Edward T. Foote II's 20 year tenure as president.
Miami Herald: Long-serving president of UM 'Tad' Foote dies
CBS Miami: Former University of Miami President Edward T. Foote II Dies at 78
The Miami Hurricane: Edward T. Foote II, UM's Fourth President, Passes Away
New York Times: Edward T. Foote, Ex-President of the University of Miami, Dies at 78
Donate to the Foote Fellows Program
When Foote arrived at UM, there was arguably no more challenging a time to serve in any leadership role in Miami-Dade County, which faced intractable problems that painted a disturbing picture for the metropolitan area, creating a ripple effect that impacted nearly every industry and institution, even higher education.
Between the time he was hired and when he welcomed his first freshman class, more than 1,000 students, some of them probably influenced by the bad press garnered by the city, had withdrawn to study elsewhere, sending the University spiraling into a budget crisis. So much for the honeymoon.
But Foote, who said he was “convinced early on that the University of Miami was one of the most exciting institutions in the nation,” turned that initial shortfall of students into a major element of UM's first long-term strategic plan: The University would get smaller to get better.
And so it did—over two dynamic decades of growth to be precise, with Foote always at the helm.
Foote's youth belied his experience and the farsighted vision he had for the University. His strategy of admitting fewer and fewer students, allowed UM to become more selective, and as a result, the caliber of students improved significantly. It was just one of the many ingenious moves on his part.
A defining moment in his still-young presidency came in 1984 with the launch of the Campaign for the University of Miami, the fundraising goal of which was unclear heading into an important Board of Trustees meeting. A $200 million figure was the generally accepted goal, but Foote surprised trustees at the meeting by proposing a $500 million campaign. They settled on $400 million, but in the end, Foote actually won out, as the campaign raised a staggering $517.5 million, surpassing even his expectations.
Three new schools—the School of Architecture, School of Communication, and the Graduate School of International Studies—opened during Foote's tenure. He transformed the University's residence halls into residential colleges modeled after those at Oxford, Cambridge, and Yale. He made research a top priority and focused attention on strategic interdisciplinary initiatives.
The number of full-time faculty members increased by 560. He built numerous buildings, among them the James L. Knight Physics Building, the Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, the R. Bunn Gautier Biochemistry Building, the School of Law Library, the Wellness Center, the Science Laboratories and Administration Building at the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science, the L. Austin Weeks Center for Recording and Performance, the J. Neville McArthur Engineering Annex, the James W. McLamore Executive Education Center/Storer Auditorium, the Frances L. Wolfson Building, the Lois Pope LIFE Center, and the Batchelor Children's Research Institute.
The University's endowment grew almost tenfold during Foote's tenure, from $47.4 million in 1981 to $465.2 million in 2000. Competitive research funding (sponsored programs expenditures) escalated from $58.1 million in 1981 to $193.9 million in 2000. Philanthropic dollars multiplied, surpassing $100 million for the first time in 2000.
UM became a national power in collegiate athletics under Foote, winning four national championships in football and three College World Series titles during his presidency. The school also reinstated the men's basketball program.
Foote was a staunch defender of women's rights. Shortly after becoming UM president, he advised the once all-male Iron Arrow Honor Society—the highest honor one can attain at the University—that it would not be allowed back on campus unless it decided to admit women. Foote's firm hand prevailed, and in 1985 a motion to allow women into the honor society was passed at a special meeting (after no less than six previous attempts), and the tribe returned to the University of Miami campus. Foote was tapped into Iron Arrow in 1986.
When Hurricane Andrew ravaged South Florida in 1992—delaying the start of fall classes—Foote led the University community through a swift and complete recovery effort. Within a year, the campuses were not just back to normal, they were better than ever.
Foote was just as influential in the outside community, tackling Miami's drug and crime problems head-on. He rallied Miami's power elite to create The Miami Coalition For A Safe and Drug-Free Community, of which he was founding chairman. The broad-based task force approached the community's drug problems from every conceivable angle—establishing treatment programs, destroying crack houses, securing federal funding to strengthen law enforcement, identifying money laundering schemes, creating drug-free school zones, educating the public, and developing drug-free workplace policies. The coalition became a national and international model for community-based anti-drug programs.
Foote was recognized and honored for his leadership by both the University and South Florida community. He received the University of Miami Faculty Senate's James W. McLamore Outstanding Service Award, the National Conference for Community and Justice's Distinguished Community Service Award, the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce's Sand In My Shoes Award, and the Miami Herald/El Nuevo Herald's Charles Whited Spirit of Excellence Award.
In honor of its late president, UM established the Foote Fellows Honors Program, a scholarship initiative for highly motivated students who enter the University with advanced knowledge in several disciplines and demonstrate intellectual rigor and interest in a broad-based curriculum. The University also renamed the green space in front of its Richter Library in honor of Foote.
A native of Milwaukee, Foote earned his bachelor's degree from Yale University and a law degree from Georgetown University.
He was predeceased by his wife, Roberta “Bosey” Fulbright Foote, who is credited with transforming the campus into one that is internationally recognized for the beauty of its landscape design. Foote frequently referred to the importance of their partnership in leading UM. She passed away last May.
He is survived by three children—Julia, William, and Thaddeus—and eight grandchildren.
