This article is about the metric unit of mass. For other ton units, see Ton . For other uses of tonne, see Tonne (disambiguation) . For other uses of "megagram", see Megagram (geometry)
The tonne ( ()) (Non-SI unit, symbol: t), commonly referred to as the metric ton in the United States and Canada, is a non-SI metric unit of mass equal to 1,000 kilograms;[1][2][3][4] or one megagram (Mg); it is equivalent to approximately 2,204.6 pounds,[5] 1.102 short tons (US) or 0.984 long tons (UK). Although not part of the SI, the tonne is accepted for use with SI units and prefixes by the International Committee for Weights and Measures.[6]
The Metric Ton (tonne) is derived from the weight of 1 Cubic Meter pure water; 1,000 liters of pure water weighs one Metric Ton (tonne.)
Symbol and abbreviations [ edit ]
The SI symbol for the tonne is "t", adopted at the same time as the unit in 1879.[2] Its use is also official for the metric ton in the United States, having been adopted by the United States National Institute of Standards and Technology.[7] It is a symbol, not an abbreviation, and should not be followed by a period. Informal and non-approved symbols or abbreviations include "T",”Te”, "mT", "MT", and "mt".[8] Some of these are SI symbols for other units: "T" is the SI symbol for the tesla and "Mt" is the SI symbol for megatonne (equivalent to one teragram); if describing TNT equivalent units of energy, this is equivalent to 4.184 petajoules.
Origin and spelling [ edit ]
In French and all English-speaking countries that are predominantly metric, tonne is the correct spelling. It is usually pronounced the same as ton , but when it is important to clarify that the metric term is meant, rather than short ton, the final "e" can also be pronounced, i.e. "tonny" .[9] In Australia, it is also pronounced .[10]
Before metrication in the UK the unit used for most purposes was the Imperial ton of 2,240 pounds avoirdupois or 20 hundredweight (usually referred to as the long ton in the US), equivalent to 1,016 kg, differing by just 1.6% from the tonne. The UK Weights and Measures Act 1985 explicitly excluded from use for trade certain imperial units, including the ton, unless the item being sold or the weighing equipment being used was weighed or certified prior to 1 December 1980, and even then only if the buyer was made aware that the weight of the item was measured in imperial units.[11][full citation needed][12][13]
In the United States metric ton is the name for this unit used and recommended by NIST;[7] an unqualified mention of a ton almost invariably refers to a short ton of 2,000 pounds (907 kg), and tonne is rarely used in speech or writing.
Ton and tonne are both derived from a Germanic word in general use in the North Sea area since the Middle Ages (cf. Old English and Old Frisian tunne, Old High German and Medieval Latin tunna, German and French tonne) to designate a large cask, or tun.[14] A full tun, standing about a metre high, could easily weigh a tonne. An English tun (an old wine cask volume measurement equivalent to 954 litres) of wine weighs roughly a tonne, 954 kg if full of water, a little less for wine.
The spelling tonne pre-dates the introduction of the SI in 1960; it has been used with this meaning in France since 1842,[15] when there were no metric prefixes for multiples of 106 and above, and is now used as the standard spelling for the metric mass measurement in most English-speaking countries.[16][17][18][19] In the United States, the unit was originally referred to using the French words millier or tonneau,[20] but these terms are now obsolete.[3] The Imperial and US customary units comparable to the tonne are both spelled ton in English, though they differ in mass.
Conversions [ edit ]
One tonne is equivalent to:
Metric/SI: 1 megagram (Mg) (by definition). Equal to 7006100000000000000♠ 1 000 000 grams (g) or 7003100000000000000♠ 1000 kilograms (kg) . Megagram, Mg, is the official SI unit. Mg is distinct from mg, milligram.
or . Pounds (lb): Exactly 1000 / 0.453 592 37 lb (by definition of the pound), [21] or approximately 7003100000000006859♠ 2 204 .622 622 lb (10 s.f. ).
lb (by definition of the pound), or approximately (10 ). US/Short tons (ST): Exactly 1 / 0.907 184 74 short tons, or approximately 7000110231131100000♠ 1.102 311 311 ST (10 s.f. ). One short ton is exactly 7002907184740000000♠ 0.907 184 74 t . [22]
short tons, or approximately ST (10 ). Imperial/Long tons (LT): Exactly 1 / 1.016 046 9088 long tons, or approximately 6999984206527600000♠ 0.984 206 5276 LT (10 s.f. ). One long ton is exactly 7003101604690880000♠ 1.016 046 9088 t . [22]
long tons, or approximately LT (10 ).
Derived units [ edit ]
For multiples of the tonne, it is more usual to speak of thousands or millions of tonnes. Kilotonne, megatonne, and gigatonne are more usually used for the energy of nuclear explosions and other events in equivalent mass of TNT, often loosely as approximate figures. When used in this context, there is little need to distinguish between metric and other tons, and the unit is spelt either as ton or tonne with the relevant prefix attached.[23]
Tonnes Grams Equivalents* Multiple Name Symbol Multiple Name Symbol Tonnes (t) Kilograms (kg) Grams (g) US/short tons (ST)† Imperial/long tons (LT)† 100 Tonne t 106 Megagram Mg 1 t 1,000 kg 1 million g 1.1023 ST 0.98421 LT 103 Kilotonne ktǂ 109 Gigagram Gg 1,000 t 1 million kg 1 billion g 1,102.3 ST 984.21 LT 106 Megatonne Mt 1012 Teragram Tg 1 million t 1 billion kg 1 trillion g 1.1023 million ST 984,210 LT 109 Gigatonne Gt 1015 Petagram Pg 1 billion t 1 trillion kg 1 quadrillion g 1.1023 billion ST 984.21 million LT 1012 Teratonne Tt 1018 Exagram Eg 1 trillion t 1 quadrillion kg 1 quintillion g 1.1023 trillion ST 984.21 billion LT 1015 Petatonne Pt 1021 Zettagram Zg 1 quadrillion t 1 quintillion kg 1 sextillion g 1.1023 quadrillion ST 984.21 trillion LT 1018 Exatonne Et 1024 Yottagram Yg 1 quintillion t 1 sextillion kg 1 septillion g 1.1023 quintillion ST 984.21 quadrillion LT
* The equivalent units columns use the short scale large-number naming system currently used in most English-language countries, e.g. 1 billion = 1,000 million = 1,000,000,000.
† Values in the equivalent short and long tons columns are rounded to five significant figures, see Conversions for exact values.
ǂ Though non-standard, the symbol "kt" is also used for knot, a unit of speed for aircraft and sea-going vessels, and should not be confused with kilotonne.
Alternative usage [ edit ]
A metric ton unit (mtu) can mean 10 kilograms (22 lb) within metal (e.g. tungsten, manganese) trading, particularly within the US. It traditionally referred to a metric ton of ore containing 1% (i.e. 10 kg) of metal.[24][25] The following excerpt from a mining geology textbook describes its usage in the particular case of tungsten:
"Tungsten concentrates are usually traded in metric tonne units (originally designating one tonne of ore containing 1% of WO 3 , today used to measure WO 3 quantities in 10 kg units. One metric tonne unit (mtu) of tungsten (VI) contains 7.93 kilograms of tungsten." (Walter L Pohl, Economic Geology: Principles and Practices, English edition, 2011, p 183.)
Note that tungsten is also known as wolfram and has the atomic symbol W.
In the case of uranium, the acronym MTU is sometimes considered to be metric ton of uranium, meaning 1,000 kg.[26][27][28][29]
A gigatonne of carbon dioxide equivalent (GtCO2eq) is a unit used by the UN climate change panel, IPCC, to measure the effect of a technology or process on global warming.
Use of mass as proxy for energy [ edit ]
The tonne of trinitrotoluene (TNT) is used as a proxy for energy, usually of explosions (TNT is a common high explosive). Prefixes are used: kiloton(ne), megaton(ne), gigaton(ne), especially for expressing nuclear weapon yield, based on a specific combustion energy of TNT of about 4.2 MJ/kg (or one thermochemical calorie per milligram). Hence, 1 t TNT = 4.2 GJ, 1 kt TNT = 4.2 TJ, 1 Mt TNT = 4.2 PJ.
The SI unit of energy is the joule. Assuming that a TNT explosion releases 1,000 small (thermochemical) calories per gram (4.2 kJ/g), one tonne of TNT is equivalent to 4.2 gigajoules.
In the petroleum industry the tonne of oil equivalent (toe) is a unit of energy: the amount of energy released by burning one tonne of crude oil, approximately 42 GJ. There are several slightly different definitions. This is ten times as much as a tonne of TNT because atmospheric oxygen is used.
Unit of force [ edit ]
Like the gram and the kilogram, the tonne gave rise to a (now obsolete) force unit of the same name, the tonne-force, equivalent to about 9.8 kilonewtons: a unit also often called simply "tonne" or "metric ton" without identifying it as a unit of force. In contrast to the tonne as a mass unit, the tonne-force or metric ton-force is not acceptable for use with SI, partly because it is not an exact multiple of the SI unit of force, the newton.
See also [ edit ]
Notes and references [ edit ]
You might be surprised to know that I have an opinion. People often ask me for it, but tend not to give it. But I was getting into a discussion with Amy Shira Teitel from Vintage Space about the priorities of humans versus robots for space explorations and offered up this opinion.
On matters of humans versus robots exploring space, this is what I think. Both, with different agendas.
Opinion: Should Robots or Humans Explore Space?
What's the best way to explore the Solar System? Should we send humans, or robots? Robots are durable and replaceable, while humans are creative and flexible.
Space advocates line up on both sides of this discussion, and the debate can get heated.
Really heated.
Don't be fooled. This whole conversation is a red herring.
We shouldn't have to choose between human space exploration and robotic science, and it is absolutely ridiculous that the funding for it comes into a single agency.
The future of humanity will depend on us learning to live in space; to get off this planet and spread to the rest of the Solar System. The longer we remain trapped on this planet, the greater risk we face from a global catastrophe; whether it's from an asteroid strike or a global plague.
We, as a species, are keeping all our eggs in one basket,
I don't need to tell you how important science is. Our modern marvels are a direct result of the scientific method. The fact that you can even see this video (well, or read this article) should be all you need to know about the importance of science.
And we have no idea what we'll find out there in space when we go exploring.
Were it up to me, I'd separate space exploration into two agencies, with completely different agendas and budgets.
On the science side, we need a fleet of robotic spacecraft and satellites continuously launching into space. We'd settle on a rugged, multi-purpose vehicle, which carries a variety of payloads and scientific instruments.
The Curiosity Rover was an amazing success, and NASA should just keep building more rovers exactly like it. Give it cameras, grinders and scoops, but then keep the instruments open to the scientific community. Every two years, another identical rover will blast off to the Red Planet, hurling a fresh set of instruments to a new location.
Let's send a rover and an orbiter every two years to Mars, and similar probes to other worlds, only the scientific instruments would need change. In a few years, there would be versions of the exact same spacecraft orbiting planets, asteroids and moons.
Over time, our observation of the Solar System would extend outward like a nervous system, gathering scientific knowledge at a terrific rate.
For human space exploration, we need to learn to live in space in increasingly complex ways: low Earth orbit, lunar orbit, on the lunar surface, on Mars, on asteroids, at Saturn, in the Lagrange points, et cetera.
Remember the Gemini program back in the 1960s? Each mission was an incremental step more complicated than the previous one. On one mission, the goal was just to learn if humans could survive in space for 14 days. In another mission, the goal was just to learn how to dock two spacecraft together.
This gave NASA the knowledge they needed to attempt an ambitious human landing on the Moon.
Instead of flying in low-Earth orbit for decades, our human space program could continuously advance our knowledge of what it takes to survive – and eventually thrive – in space. If NASA investigates the technologies that the private sector considers too risky to invest in, it will help jump start space exploration.
In this modern era of budget cuts, it breaks my heart that people are forced to choose between space science and human exploration.
It shouldn't be this way. They have almost nothing in common.
Let's do science, because science is important.
And let's put humans in space, because humanity is important.
Image copyright ABC Image caption Elton Simpson had talked about going to Somalia to fight with militant Islamists
One of two gunmen shot dead at an event in Texas exhibiting cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad had been a terror suspect, court documents show.
Elton Simpson had been under surveillance since 2006 and was convicted in 2010 for lying about plans to go to Somalia, the files reveal.
He had shared a flat in Arizona with the person named by authorities as the other gunman, Nadir Soofi.
Both were shot after opening fire at a conference centre near Dallas.
Simpson's family has said that there was no sign he was planning to carry out such an attack.
"We are sure many people in this country are curious to know if we had any idea of Elton's plans. To that we say, without question, we did not," said a statement issued through lawyers in Phoenix.
The statement, made on behalf of unnamed family members, said his relatives were "heartbroken and in a state of deep shock".
At the scene: Aleem Maqbool, BBC News, Dallas
A lot of people here have been upset because both the event organisers had come from outside of town, but so too had the attackers - they had come from Arizona. So they feel their community has been put under the spotlight, and it has caused a great deal of tension.
Local Muslims were very upset that the event was being held at all.
Alia Salem, local director of the Council on American-Islamic relations, told me: "My reaction was one of basically ignoring it and I encouraged the community to also ignore it, and we did. We have important things to focus on in our community, and to have this kind of event come in, and these types of criminals come in and commit these acts of terror just splits our community apart."
And it's not just local Muslims - a lot of people here are upset about all the attention that has been brought here because of what's happened. Even the mayor has suggested that it wasn't wise for the exhibition centre here to hold this event.
That's something that's made the event organisers bristle, saying freedom of speech is freedom of speech. But many others are upset and they say this wasn't really about freedom of speech - it was an anti-Islam event.
Profile: Elton Simpson
Fine and probation
On Monday, FBI agents searched Simpson and Soofi's home in Phoenix and a white van parked outside.
According to Arizona court documents published in the US media, Simpson was charged in 2010 with lying to FBI agents about planning to go to Somalia to engage in violent jihad, or holy war.
A judge found him guilty of making a false statement and he was sentenced to three years' probation and a $600 (£400) fine.
The judge ruled there was insufficient evidence that the false statement involved international terrorism.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The car was searched for explosives after the two gunmen were shot dead
The court document also showed that Simpson had been under investigation since 2006 because of his association with an individual the FBI believed was trying to set up a terrorist cell in Arizona.
Simpson had told an informant in 2009 that it was "time to go to Somalia", adding: "We gonna make it to the battlefield."
He later said he was planning to travel to South Africa and then on to Somalia.
'Heinous crime'
The incident on Sunday unfolded when a car drove into the car park of the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, a city near Dallas, where a Muhammad Art Exhibit organised by the controversial American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI) was being held.
The conference included a contest that offered a $10,000 (£6,600) prize for a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad. Depictions of the Prophet Muhammad are offensive to many Muslims.
The two men in the car opened fire with assault rifles on two security officers, Garland police said.
One of the officers, a traffic policeman, returned fire and killed both gunmen, police spokesman Joe Harn said.
The security officer who was with him was shot in the lower leg. He was treated in hospital and released.
A bomb squad searched the suspects' vehicle and set off several controlled explosions. They found additional ammunition but no bombs, Mr Harn said.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Political activist Pamela Geller described the controversial event as defending freedom of speech
Pamela Geller: America's 'bigoted blogger'?
Texas Governor Greg Abbott called the attack a "heinous crime" and said he was being briefed by state authorities.
The AFDI is run by controversial blogger and activist Pamela Geller who said she was standing up for free speech, adding: "This terrible incident reflects the need for such conferences."
One of the keynote speakers at Sunday's event was the Dutch politician Geert Wilders, an outspoken critic of Islam in Western societies who is on an al-Qaeda hit list.
There were widespread protests in 2006 when the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten published cartoons satirising the Prophet Muhammad.
In January this year, 12 people were murdered by two Islamist gunmen at the French magazine Charlie Hebdo, which had published similar cartoons.
And a gathering of free speech activists in the Danish capital, Copenhagen, was targeted by a gunman in February, killing a film director.
And after the Nexus 7 comes the Nexus 10 Android 4.2.2 (JDQ39) update.
Just like with the N7's update, you'll need to be on stock JOP40D in order to flash this file.
Download Link
Instructions (Toolkit/Custom Recovery):
1. Download the above file to the root of your device's storage.
2. To make this process extremely easy, download the Nexus 10 Toolkit.
Once the Toolkit is installed on your PC, make sure the N10 drivers are installed. You can download and install them all through the Toolkit.
3. Turn off your device.
4. Hold down both the volume buttons and then the power button. This will reboot you into fastboot mode.
5. In the toolkit, select the option to reboot into a custom recovery, but without permanently flashing it.
6. Choose either ClockworkMod Recovery or TeamWin, both work just fine.
7. Your device will reboot into custom recovery and from here, install the OTA zip file.
8. Once done, reboot and you are finished.
Cheers G.O.D.!
Ryan Zimmerman, shown here late last season, sued Al Jazeera for defamation over PED claims. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
A judge from the U.S. District Court of the District of Columbia ruled in favor of Nationals first baseman Ryan Zimmerman and former Phillies star Ryan Howard Friday, partially denying Al Jazeera's motion to dismiss the defamation suit Zimmerman filed against the network in response to allegations made in its documentary “The Dark Side.”
In the documentary, pharmaceutical dealer Charlie Sly claimed Zimmerman used a PED called Delta 2 — statements Zimmerman categorically denied, and statements Major League Baseball's investigation found no evidence to corroborate. The league cleared Zimmerman of any wrongdoing.
Defamation suits are difficult for public figures like Zimmerman and Howard to win. To prove defamation, one must show evidence of “actual malice” — most often explained as reckless disregard for the truth. Traditionally, actual malice has been difficult to prove.
Al Jazeera's legal team filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit, arguing that the players' complaint did not provide enough evidence to support the network exhibited actual malice in publishing the documentary. Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson ruled that while actual malice is “a close question” in this case, Zimmerman's team provided enough facts to “support an inference that Al Jazeera … had obvious reasons to doubt Sly's claims, and that they proceeded to publish ‘The Dark Side' with reckless disregard for the truth of those claims.”
In other words, the suit can now move forward. However, the fact that Jackson found enough evidence to claim actual malice does not mean Zimmerman's team will be successful proving it.
Jackson did not find sufficient evidence of actual malice in the work of Liam Collins, the undercover journalist featured in the documentary, and therefore granted Al Jazeera's motion to dismiss the lawsuit against him.
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The president of an abortion provider told a federal court on Tuesday a proposed Texas regulation requiring facilities to dispose of aborted fetal tissue through burial or cremation is unnecessary and “offensive.”
File Photo: Whole Woman's Health founder Amy Hagstrom Miller speaks to members of the media during a media tour of the Whole Woman's Health clinic in San Antonio, Texas, in this file photo taken February 9, 2016. REUTERS/Darren Abate
Women's health providers, which provide abortions, among other services, argue the rules are part of a nationwide agenda to place restrictions on abortions and make it harder for women to get the procedure. But officials in Texas have argued it would afford dignity to the tissue.
Texas is the most populous state in the country with a Republican-dominated government and viewed as a powerful force in shaping the U.S. conservative political agenda.
“I find the interference by the government into women's personal health decisions to be morally offensive,” Amy Hagstrom Miller, a plaintiff and president of Whole Woman's Health, which runs three facilities in Texas, told U.S. District Court Judge Sam Sparks in Austin.
She said it would require the tissue to be treated differently than other human tissue, increase costs and require the fetal tissue to be buried whether or not the woman wants it.
Sparks, who last month put the regulation on hold before it was to take effect on Dec. 19, also issued a temporary restraining order then to delay enactment until at least Jan. 6.
Reverend Debra Haffner, called as a witness for Whole Woman's Health, said the regulation enshrines into law one particular religious view on fetal tissue disposal when there is a diversity of religious views on the matter.
The Texas limitations would be more stringent than regulations in almost every other state, which allow aborted fetal tissue to be disposed of the same as other human tissue, according to the Guttmacher Institute, an abortion rights group.
Craig Warner, a Texas Attorney General's office lawyer, told the court “there is no language on individual cremations or individual burials” in the regulation. He also said the measure would not greatly add to costs.
During his questioning of Warner, Sparks said the measure appeared to offer “more respect” to fetal tissue than other tissue yielded from the reproductive process.
Anti-abortion Republicans proposed new restrictions in several states after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down some Texas regulations in June.
The Supreme Court said provisions of the Texas law requiring abortion doctors to have difficult-to-obtain “admitting privileges” at local hospitals and requiring clinics to have costly hospital-grade facilities violated a woman's right to an abortion.
President Barack Obama ordered 10 times as many drone strikes as his predecessor, President George W. Bush. President Donald Trump may be taking drone strikes to the next level by giving free rein to the intelligence communities to do them.
A new review being prepared by the Trump administration would allow the Pentagon and CIA to choose targets for drone strikes without White House approval and lower standards establishing acceptable numbers of civilian casualties as part of a rollback of restrictions on drone powers implemented by Obama near the end of his administration, according to The Washington Post. The policy changes may also eliminate the "near-certainty" standard for avoiding civilian deaths when strikes occur outside of officially designated war zones, and may loosen the rule that drone targets present a "continuing and imminent threat" to American personnel.
Advertisement:
Overall, the changes would move critical decisions away from the Oval Office and put it in the hands of the military.
"We are seeking ways to accelerate our operations against terror groups, and be more nimble and agile in our speed of response," Pentagon spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis told The Washington Post. "But we always will maintain a commitment to minimizing, avoiding civilian casualties."
"A big goal is getting the White House out of the way of itself," a staffer told the Post. "The president believes too much has been centralized in the White House, and he wants to push decisions down to the agencies."
The Trump administration insists that it is not being blase about civilian casualties. "We want to have a wise, moral standard that allows us to maintain the consent of the governed in these countries," a senior Trump administration official told The Post.
With the ever increasing bitcoin transaction fees, more of our clients are choosing to pay for our API Plans with traditional currencies, using PayPal. Yes, who would have thought all those years ago that Bitcoin's transaction fees would be more than PayPal's 3.5%, but here we are.
We have therefore decided to simplify the payment process by introducing billing agreements, removing the need for clients to make repetitive monthly payments.
Little changes with the payment process, extend your plan as normal, and choose to checkout with PayPal.
You will be prompted with a Billing Agreement, simply click agree and that's it!
Your funding source will be charged accordingly on each cycle, and this applies to all durations, 1, 3, 6 and 12 months. Discounts for longer durations will also apply on a recurring basis.
~BitcoinAverage Team
T-Mobile US revealed plans to test an outdoor E-band radio to evaluate its suitability for use as a high bandwidth 5G link in urban environments.
In a filing with the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), T-Mobile sought permission to test Ceragon Network's FibeAir IP-20E at two locations in Bellevue, Washington. The radios will operate in the “lightly licensed” E-band frequencies, specifically the 71GHz to 76GHz and 81GHz to 86GHz ranges.
T-Mobile noted the “high bandwidth, short distance spectrum is perfect for a point-to-point hop from one building to another to support 5G in urban cores”.
Ceragon Network's product specifications for the backhaul link indicate the IP-20E radio is capable of supporting speeds of up to 2.5Gb/s over a 500MHz channel. The radio also features 1024QAM for increased spectral efficiency and multiband bonding to supplement existing microwave links.
Headed for 5G
T-Mobile's move to test high bandwidth backhaul comes as the operator pushes toward its goal of deploying a fully mobile 5G network by 2020. The operator said it plans to use its new 600MHz spectrum assets alongside its mid-band airwaves and 200MHz of spectrum in the 28GHz and 39GHz bands to achieve its goal. T-Mobile already began densifying its network as part of the 5G effort, with plans to roll out 2,000 more small cells this year and an additional 25,000 by the end of 2018.
But the operator will also need a backhaul network capable of supporting 5G.
At an investor conference in June Karri Kuoppamaki, T-Mobile's VP of Radio Network Technology and Strategy, shared the operator's decision to team up with dark fibre partners to backhaul its small cell densification project. However, the operator noted in the FCC filing it also already holds a nationwide licence for use of E-band spectrum, which opens up the potential for more microwave backhaul as well.
Today Pornhub Insights will be taking a look at the porn viewing habits of Portugal, in collaboration with our friends at Correio da Manhã. This Southern European country ranks 41st for worldwide traffic coming to Pornhub, while it's population ranks only 88th. More than half of Pornhub's visitors from Portugal are using mobile devices such as smartphones (47%) and tablets (10%), which is far less than the world average of 72%.
Monday is the highest traffic day for visitors from Portugal, while most countries see higher traffic levels on Sundays. Portugal's lowest traffic day is Saturday. The highest daily traffic comes between 11pm and 1am, which is slightly later than most countries which peak from 10pm to midnight.
Like most other countries, visitors from Portugal like to search for porn featuring their fellow citizens. The most popular search term is “Portugal”, followed by “tuga” and “Portuguese”.
Portugal's most viewed category is Anal, followed by MILF, Lesbian and Mature. These are also some of the most viewed porn categories worldwide.
Compared to the rest of the world, visitors from Portugal are proportionately 238% more likely to view the Brazilian category, 59% more for Anal and 58% more into Outdoor.
By far the most searched for pornstar is Portugal's own Diana Cu De Melancia. She is followed in popularity by other favorites like Mia Khalifa, Lisa Ann and Nicole Aniston.
On average, visitors from Portugal spend around 9 and a half minutes on Pornhub each time they visit. That's about 10 seconds less than the worldwide average, but some regions of Portugal differ greatly from the country's average. Visitors from the Porto District, come and go 25 seconds faster, while people from Santarem hold out for 33 seconds longer.
Women represent 22% of visitors from Portugal, which is 4% less than the world average of 26%. Millennials between the ages of 18 and 34 make up 58% of Portuguese visitors. The 18 to 24 age group is by far the largest at 35%, and slightly larger than most other countries we have reviewed.
We hope you enjoyed this edition of Pornhub Insights. As always, let us know your thoughts in the comments below!
The designers here like to have simple stylesheets when starting a new project. Styles that are better looking than browser defaults but not something that that will dictate our visual design moving forward. These styles should also remove a lot of the duplicated work we do when getting a project off the ground so we can start solving harder problems faster.
Our long time solution to this problem was the stylesheets in Flutie but Flutie's stylesheets had grown outdated, its defaults and reset were getting in the way. We were continually overriding the styles, which was adding unnecessary bloat to our CSS. These styles weren't doing their job, they were slowing us down at the start of a project not helping us speed up.
Instead of trying to refine the styles in Flutie we decided to just remove them and let Flutie stand alone as ActionView helpers. We didn't just want to duplicate the problems that we had with Flutie's styles and wanted to start from scratch. We also wanted to integrate this more fully with Bourbon and Neat.
Bitter aims to solve the same set of problems that the Flutie stylesheets and the problems that raised out of Flutie's inattention. Unlike Flutie, the Bitters files should be installed into your Sass directory and imported at the top of your main stylesheet. Once installed the files should be edited to fit the style of the site or application. This way you won't override styles and won't add unnecessary cruft to your stylesheets, instead you'll be building on top of the foundation that Bitters provides.
Bitter gives you plain variables for type, sizes, and color, a simple grid using Neat, smart defaults for typography and simply styled flashes for notifications or errors. Most importantly it should set up a consistent language and structure for your Sass.
We are still working out some of the details and I appreciate any feedback you might have.
Scrapy is one of the few popular Python packages (almost 10k github stars) that's not yet compatible with Python 3. The team and community around it are working to make it compatible as soon as possible. Here's an overview of what has been happening so far.
You're invited to read along and participate in the porting process from Scrapy's Github repository.
First off you may be wondering: "why is Scrapy not in Python 3 yet?"
If you asked around you likely heard an answer like "It's based on Twisted, and Twisted is not fully ported yet, you know?". Many blames Twisted, but other things are actually holding back the Scrapy Python 3 port.
When it comes to Twisted, its most important parts are already ported. But if we want Scrapy spiders to download from HTTP urls, we are really going to need a fix or workaround on Twisted's http agent, since it doesn't work on Python 3.
The Scrapy team started to make moves towards Python 3 support two years ago by porting some of the Scrapy dependencies. For about a year now a subset of Scrapy tests is executed under Python 3 on each commit. Apart from Twisted, one bottleneck that was blocking the progress for a while was that most of Scrapy requires Request or Response objects to work - which was recently resolved as described below.
Scrapy core devs meet and prepare a sprint
During EuroPython 2015, from 20 to 28 of July, several Scrapy core developers gathered together in Bilbao and were able to make progress on the porting process - meeting for the first time after several years of working together as they did.
There was a Scrapy sprint scheduled to the weekend. Mikhail Korobov, Daniel Graña, and Elias Dorneles teamed up to prepare Scrapy for it by porting Request and Response in advance. This way, it would be easier for other people to join and contribute during the weekend sprint.
In the end, time was short for them to fully port Request and Response before the weekend sprint. Some of the issues they faced were:
Should HTTP headers be bytes or unicode? Is it different for keys and values? Some headers values are usually UTF-8 (e.g. cookies); HTTP Basic Auth headers are usually latin1; for other headers there is not a single universal encoding as well. Generally, bytes for HTTP headers make sense, but there is a gotcha: if you're porting an existing project from Python 2.x to 3.x, code which was working before may start to silently producing incorrect results. For example, let's say there is a response with 'application/json' content type. If header values are bytes, in Python 2.x `content_type == 'application/json'` will return True, but in Python 3.x it will return False because you're then comparing a unicode literal with bytes.
How to percent-escape and unescape URLs properly? Proper escaping depends on web page encoding and on a part of URL being escaped. This matters if a webpage author uses non-ascii URLs. After some experiments we found that browsers are doing crazy things here: URL path is encoded to UTF-8 before escaping, but the query string is encoded to web page encoding before escaping. You can't trust browser UIs to check that. What they are sending to servers is consistent, namely a UTF-8 path and page-encoding for the query string - in each of Firefox and Chrome on OS X and Linux. But what they display to users depends on their browser and operating system.
URL-related functions are very different in Python 2.x and 3.x. In Python 2.x they only accept bytes, while in Python 3.x they only accept unicode. Combined with the encoding craziness, this makes porting the code harder still.
The EuroPython sprint weekend arrives
To unblock further porting, the team decided to use bytes for HTTP headers and momentarily disable some of the tests for non-ascii URL handling, thus eliminating the two bottlenecks that were holding things back.
The sprint itself was quiet but productive. Some highlights on what developers did there:
They unblocked the main problem with the port, the handling of urls and headers, and then migrated the Request and Response classes so it's finally possible to divide the work and port each component independently;
Elias split the Scrapy Selectors into a separate library (called Parsel), which reached a stable point and which Scrapy now depends on (there is work being done in the documentation to make an official release);
Mikhail and Daniel ported several Scrapy modules to make further contributions easier;
A mystery contributor came, silently ported a Scrapy module, and left without a trace (please reach out!);
Two more guys joined, they were completely new to Scrapy and had fun setting up their first project.
The road is long, but the path is clear!
In the end the plan worked as expected. After porting Request and Response objects and making some hard decisions, the road to contributions is open.
In the weeks that followed the sprint, developers continued to work on the port. They also got important contributions from the community. As you can see here, Scrapy already got several pull requests merged (for example from @GregoryVigoTorres and @nyov).
Before the sprint there were ~250 tests passing in Python 3. The number is now over 600. These recent advances helped increase our test coverage under Python 3 from 19% to 54%.
Our next major goal is to port the Twisted HTTP client so spiders can actually download something from remote sites.
It's still a long way to the Python 3 support, but when it comes to Python 3 porting Scrapy is in a much better shape now. Join us and contribute to porting Scrapy following these guidelines. We have added a badge to Github to show the progress of Python 3 support. The percentage is calculated using the tests that pass in Python 3 vs the total number of tests available. Currently, 633 tests passing on Python vs 1153 in total.
Thanks for reading!
Top Pentagon and Trump administration officials are recommending that thousands of additional U.S. troops be sent to Afghanistan, but such a move would raise the human and budgetary cost of America's longest war, lawmakers and experts warn.
Proponents of an increase argue the additional troops would force the Taliban to negotiate with the Afghan government and help end a 15-year-long fight that has frustrated many. The plan is also reported to include new funding to help the Afghan government.
ADVERTISEMENT
The extra troops and foreign aid are not likely to come cheap, however, adding to the fight's $23 billion annual price tag. The added human cost is also weighing heavily on lawmakers' minds.
“We spent billions of dollars. We've lost thousands of American lives. We've been engaged in this war for over 15 years. And we are still struggling to determine how it can end favorably for the best interest of the United States and the Afghan people,” said Sen. Dick Durbin Richard (Dick) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE (Ill.), the second-ranking member of Democratic leadership.
Speaking during an appearance on MSNBC, Durbin warned that potential U.S. troop increases in Afghanistan could lead to “a permanent occupation.” He urged fellow lawmakers to “ask some hard questions.”
“How long will this go on? How long will it be a battle and, when does it become a permanent occupation?” Durbin said. “That's a question Congress needs to face.”
There are about 8,400 U.S. troops in Afghanistan on a dual mission of training, advising and assisting Afghan forces in their fight against the Taliban and conducting counterterrorism missions against groups such as al Qaeda and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
Gen. John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, told Congress in February he needs a few thousand additional troops and described the current fight as a stalemate.
The Defense Department could not say how much such a troop increase would cost because “there are numerous variables to factor in.” But former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE in November asked for an additional $2.5 billion in overseas contingency operations funds to maintain 8,400 troops in Afghanistan.
Besides a troop increase recommendation, details of the latest plan are still scarce. First reported by The Washington Post, the strategy is said to provide the Pentagon with broader authority over how many troops to deploy and would ask NATO nations to also send several thousand troops. The number of U.S. forces deployed would likely depend on the number of soldiers provided by allies.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that President Trump considers winning in Afghanistan to be eliminating the threat posed by the Taliban and ISIS.
“We need to fully eliminate any threat around the globe, frankly, not just in Afghanistan, that poses a threat to our people and our allies,” Spicer said at Tuesday's press briefing.
Asked why 15,000 U.S. troops would eliminate the threat when 100,000 didn't before, Spicer said, “That's a very Washington question.”
“Just because you spend more, throw more people, doesn't mean you're doing it in the most effective way. I think one of the things that he has asked his national security team to do is to actually think the strategy, rethink the strategy,” he said.
House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer (Md.) called for the Trump administration to outline a “clear strategy for success against ISIS and the Taliban.”
“The President must articulate to Congress and the public what he intends to achieve by sending more of our young men and women into danger, how he will ensure success in meeting those goals, and how he intends to pay for a military escalation,” Hoyer said in a statement.
Sean McFate, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, said what he's seen of the new plan leaves him skeptical the United States can change the tide in Afghanistan.
“I don't see a game-changing stratagem in this,” he said. “I just think it's just going to further embroil us in Afghanistan.”
Proponents of a troop surge, meanwhile, assert that increasing U.S. presence in the country is simply an insurance cost for preventing another attack on American soil.
“From an American point of view, if I were the president I would have troops in Afghanistan as long as it took to protect the homeland from another 9/11,” Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) told reporters Tuesday.
Scott Worden, director of Afghanistan and Central Asia programs at the United States Institute of Peace, said maintaining or adding to the U.S. presence is worth the cost compared to what could happen if the U.S. pulled out.
“Iraq provides a cautionary example,” he said. “Obviously the political situation is different, but once we withdrew all our military presence, and then we had to send them back in.”
Still, he added, U.S. support is not a “blank check” for the Afghan government.
“The cost needs to be managed, and the Afghan government should do more to reduce corruption and improve the management of security forces,” he said.
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), who was a fierce critic of the drawdown during the Obama administration, said Tuesday he “absolutely” supports the Pentagon proposal, which he expects the administration to send to him “very soon.”
“It's very much needed,” said McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee. “The situation is eroding and Americans are dying because of the last eight years of Obama's failed leading from behind.”
Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), meanwhile, argued the potential increase in troops in Afghanistan is another reason for Congress to debate a new authorization for the use of military force.
“The commitment of additional ground troops is a very ominous sign of what is to come and what is necessary for the Congress to do if we're going to have this escalating commitment.”
A new poll released by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution on Friday shows that with just under two weeks until the Election Day, Democrat Jon Ossoff has a large lead on Republican Karen Handel to represent Georgia's 6th Congressional District.
The poll, conducted by Abt Associates from June 5-8, showed Ossoff with 51 percent to Handel's 44 percent prior to the June 20 runoff. Almost 5 percent of voters said they remained undecided in the election.
The survey used a large sample size of 1,000 likely voters in the district, and had a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
Full results weren't immediately released by the AJC, but they selected a few notable crosstabs.
Other findings of the poll show that Ossoff, a first-time politician, has a huge lead against Handel among women. He leads 60 percent to 34 percent for the group, but Handel leads Ossoff in male voters 52-41 percent.
Another notable finding is that Ossoff had 13 percent support of those voters that identify as Republicans, and another 50 percent of independent voters.
The AJC poll comes just one day after the results of a WSB-TT Channel 2 poll found Ossoff with a narrow 49.6-47.1 lead on Handel. That poll, however, surveyed just 420 likely voters — far less than the newest findings.
A poll that was released in late May by SurveyUSA showed similar results to the new AJC poll. It found that Ossoff held a 51-44 percent lead on Handel with a margin of error of 4.3 percentage points. That survey had 700 participants.
Any way you put it, though, the recent polling is positive news for the Ossoff campaign in the race to replace which is being held to replace former Rep. Tom Price in the U.S. House of Representatives. He was confirmed as the secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services.
Early Voting Approaching Historical Margins
As of June 8, early voting data showed that voters in the district have come out in historic numbers.
The early voting period in the congressional runoff race started May 30 and runs through June 16.
There have already been over 75,000 ballots cast since the early voting period started. With 75,463 people already voting, there's a strong belief that it could top an unprecedented 100,000 early votes before the deadline.
That's an incredible number in itself, and is significantly ahead of the amount of people who cast ballots early for the April 18 special election. About 55,000 people did so then, and Ossoff won the first round of voting handily.
Ossoff tallied 48.1 percent of votes in the April 18 election while Handel was second with 19.78 percent. But because no candidate got 50 percent of the vote, the top-two vote getters — Ossoff and Handel — headed to a much-anticipated runoff.
The United States Elections Project's Michael McDonald has been charting the early voting data from the district. His most recent graph shows that a majority of early voters don't identify with a political party, barely edging the amount of Republicans that have already voted.
#GA06 early vote (mail and in-person) update: 75,463 voted as of 6/8 pic.twitter.com/gyZoOeK6tD — Michael McDonald (@ElectProject) June 9, 2017
New York Times political analyst Nate Cohn took a look at the data as well, and found that the early voting turnout, while extremely high, has started to taper off. It remains unclear exactly as to which candidate the large number bodes well for.
Up to 75k votes in North Fulton and DeKalb; turnout tapering off a bit with so many regular voters having already cast ballots pic.twitter.com/IDAKZnveWq — Nate Cohn (@Nate_Cohn) June 9, 2017
When early voting started, it was on pace to outnumber the 2016 general election. But, as expected, that's slowed down recently with a majority of regular voters having already voted.
Another Debate Down
Ossoff tallied 48.1 percent of votes in the April 18 election while Handel was second with 19.78 percent. But because no candidate got 50 percent of the vote, the top-two vote getters — Ossoff and Handel — would face off in a much-anticipated runoff.
The two squared off in a heated debate on June 6, the first — and likely only — televised debate of the campaign before Election Day.
They met again in a second debate June 8, and both candidates took their gloves off a little more than the first time. It was quite the change from the first debate, where the two seemed a lot more polite.
The New York Times reported that Ossoff and Handel attacked each other on personal things and a slew of topics in the un-televised debate. It happened to take place after former FBI Director James Comey testified in front of Senate, so some questioning predictably revolved around that issue.
Handel said that she calls for an independent investigation into President Donald Trump‘s presidential campaign, but said that she wasn't an “extension of the White House.” She also notably failed to offer unwavering support for Trump and his administration.
Ossoff, on the other hand, tried to take a step back from being labeled a hardcore Democrat. Instead, he said that he wouldn't vote to raise taxes — not even on the wealthy.
“I don't support any increase in income tax rates,” The Times wrote as to how Ossoff answered a question. He added that he didn't support a single-payer health care system.
Click here for a full analysis of the second debate.
Ossoff Reports Eye-Popping Fundraising Figures
On June 8, the Ossoff campaign reported an incredible congressional fundraising haul of over $15 million raised in the past two months. That easily breaks the record for the quarter reporting he set earlier this year when his campaign said it had collected over $8.3 million for the congressional race.
That's a total of $23.6 million raised since his campaign started, an extraordinary number. Though it's not clear how much of the funds had come from within the district and how much came from outside groups. The Handel campaign had yet to report its fundraising figures.
The race is already the most expensive race in House election history, and it's gained national exposure throughout the past few months.
So much so, that Vice President Mike Pence is in Georgia on June 9 campaigning with Handel.
A Democrat hasn't served the 6th district in the House since John Flynt Jr. was elected in 1965. But the promising numbers for Ossoff have shown that Democrats have a real shot at winning.
According to PredictIt.com, Ossoff has about a 60 percent chance to win the race.
Method
ETAPE 1 Preheat the oven to 200'C.
ETAPE 2 Cut the watermelon in half, remove the skin and dice the flesh into cubes, removing the seeds as you go.
Remove the skin from the goat's cheese and keep at room temperature to allow it to soften.
ETAPE 3 For the duck: cut the duck leg in half through the joint between the thigh and the drumstick.
Place the duck pieces skin side down in an ovenproof dish, transfer to the oven and cook for 20 minutes until the skin is crisp and golden brown.
ETAPE 4 Rinse the rocket leaves, pat dry and discard any that have begun to wilt. Season the rocket with salt, pepper, a drizzle of olive oil and a squeeze of lemon juice.
ETAPE 5 Add the watermelon pieces to the rocket and crumble the goat's cheese over the salad.
Individuals exposed to life-threatening trauma are at risk for developing post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), a debilitating condition that involves persistent anxiety, intrusive memories and several physiological disturbances. Current pharmacotherapies for PTSD manage only a subset of these symptoms and typically have adverse side effects which limit their overall effectiveness. We evaluated the effectiveness of three different pharmacological agents to ameliorate a broad range of PTSD-like symptoms in our established predator-based animal model of PTSD. Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were given 1-h cat exposures on two occasions that were separated by 10 days, in conjunction with chronic social instability. Beginning 24 h after the first cat exposure, rats received daily injections of amitriptyline, clonidine, tianeptine or vehicle. Three weeks after the second cat exposure, all rats underwent a battery of behavioral and physiological tests. The vehicle-treated, psychosocially stressed rats demonstrated a robust fear memory for the two cat exposures, as well as increased anxiety expressed on the elevated plus maze, an exaggerated startle response, elevated heart rate and blood pressure, reduced growth rate and increased adrenal gland weight, relative to the vehicle-treated, non-stressed (control) rats. Neither amitriptyline nor clonidine was effective at blocking the entire cluster of stress-induced sequelae, and each agent produced adverse side effects in control subjects. Only the antidepressant tianeptine completely blocked the effects of psychosocial stress on all of the physiological and behavioral measures that were examined. These findings illustrate the differential effectiveness of these three treatments to block components of PTSD-like symptoms in rats, and in particular, reveal the profile of tianeptine as the most effective of all three agents.
Published by Elsevier Inc.
The Nightmare Moon and Princess Luna characters and My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic are the property of Lauren Faust and/or Hasbro and/or others.
Wanted: Moon pony. Will accept blindbag, brushable, figurine, plushie or real-life form. Answers to Selena, Luna, Nightmare Moon, Princess of the Night, Leader of the New Lunar Republic and best pony.May disguise self as young mare or pseudo-dragon. May rant about eternal night. May turn evildoers into shadow or stone. May use nonsensical language. Known to assault the public using her voice.If found, do not approach. Contact Sigma immediately.Thanks to Skylark-Torch for feedback, the image name and the suggestion to draw this image. Thanks to NightmareMoonS for feedback.You areallowed to reuse this image without permission. If you post it on another site, I ask that you include a link back here.
The Yulin “Lychee and Dog Meat” festival began Wednesday, despite reports earlier this year that selling dog meat had been banned by the Chinese city.
BBC News reported that there was heavy security on the streets this year, after numerous altercations between activists and street vendors at past events.
WATCH: 100 puppies rescued from South Korean dog meat farm get a second chance at life
About 10,000 animals, including dogs and cats, are killed during the 10-day event, The Independent reported.
The city's event has been criticized around the world, particularly by animal advocates who say the canines are treated inhumanely. According to The Independent, dogs are kept in cramped areas and there have even been claims some are stolen pets.
Despite the yearly protests and petitions over the event, dog meat is not illegal in China. In fact, eating dog meat is considered beneficial during summer months, according to BBC News. But it is a specialty meat and is rarely seen at markets or in restaurants.
READ MORE: 110 pooches rescued from dog meat festival arrive in Canada
According to a recent survey by the Shanghaist, many people in China think the dog meat festival should be banned.
The news outlet reported that 64 per cent of people between age 16 and 50, want to see an end to the event, saying it has harmed the country's reputation. Nearly 70 per cent of respondents said they had never eaten dog meat.
Voters hungering for substance in a style-heavy presidential race ought to take a new look at one of the most praiseworthy but overlooked policy proposals of the campaign: Hillary Clinton's intelligent framework for mental-health reform.
Mental illness is far more common than many people realize, which is why the Democratic nominee's decision to make this one of her signature issues is laudable and, given the stigma around these conditions, courageous. About 18 percent of U.S. adults reported having a mental illness, according to the National Institute of Mental Health. Regrettably, fewer than half received treatment, according to the federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). Access to care is also a huge concern for adolescents.
The proposed Clinton reforms are notable for their practical prescriptions to improve care both now and in the future. Rather than champion an idealized but politically impassable version of health care — as Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders did with government-run insurance for all — Clinton builds on the current system.
Her changes are not revolutionary, but they are focused and eminently doable. The level of detail also stands in welcome contrast to the stale talking points about health savings accounts and buying health insurance across state lines on Republican Donald Trump's website.
The myriad improvements Clinton calls for include bolstering federal funding for brain and behavioral science research, leveraging federal resources and programs to educate more mental-health specialists, tapping the U.S. surgeon general to lead a national suicide prevention initiative, and expanding innovative mental-health screening models for schoolchildren, college students and new mothers.
The reforms also call for scaling up a demonstration project that would help people access treatment at community health centers, expanding housing options for those with mental illness, and improving training and resources for law-enforcement officers. Many of these ideas address concerns long raised by Minnesota mental-health advocates and law-enforcement officers. Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek, for example, has been prominent nationally in calling for improved resources for officers and courts working with patients in crisis.
The plan's backbone, however, is enforcing an existing law: the landmark Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008. Jim Ramstad, a former Minnesota Republican congressman, was the U.S. House bill's chief cosponsor. The act requires insurers to cover mental-health treatment the same way they do other conditions. The problem is that enforcement has lagged, according to Ramstad and Patrick Kennedy, a former Democratic congressman from Rhode Island who also championed the bill.
Both Ramstad and Kennedy praised Clinton's call to crack down on insurers skirting the parity law and denying coverage. Randomized compliance audits are a good idea, Ramstad said. So is the push for a national hot line for consumers to report violations. The framework is a “well-conceived, pragmatic and comprehensive” response to parity concerns and other needs, he added.
Kennedy also praised the plan in an interview and added that Clinton deserves credit for her willingness to take on the health insurance industry, which has a financial stake in limiting costly mental-health care.
In an election year where so many voters say they want a president willing to take on entrenched interests, the Clinton reforms ought to be seen as an actual battle plan to do so. Said Kennedy: “This was not the politically correct thing to do if you wanted to cozy up to the most powerful lobby in Washington.''
An Austrian firm has come up what it hopes is the next big thing for the mega-rich: a man-made, floating “island” with a list price of 5.2 million euros ($6.5 million), the company's founder said Monday.
View more photo galleries — Follow NP Photos on Twitter
Measuring 20 by 37 metres (66 by 121 feet), the “Orsos Island
” has no engine but can be anchored anywhere its owners choose and then towed to another location the other side of the world if they so wish, Hungarian-born Gabor Orsos said.
“The interest has been massive from all over the world, from Australia, China, the United States. We have already had the first pre-orders and we have some potential buyers coming from Australia next week,” the entrepreneur said.
The island is environmentally friendly and fully self-sufficient, with solar panels and wind generators providing power. It can sleep 12 people plus crew and offers 1,000 square metres of living space.
The only problem is that no “islands” have been produced yet and that once manufacturing starts it will initially be in land-locked Slovakia.
But Orsos expects the first finished products to be ready in 18 months' to two years' time, and for the “islands” to be transported down the Danube river into the Black Sea — and then to wherever the customer wants.
Find the National Post on Facebook
Will Varner / BuzzFeed
1. Marvel The Nike of geek interests. We don't know what part of our souls we're losing by consuming their products and we don't want to know.
2. Fan Fiction Something critics point and laugh at all the time but secretly read.
3. J. R. R. Tolkien A literary hoax designed by C. S. Lewis to take the heat off of the fact that so many people were looking for the real entry points into Narnia.
4. Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan An old relationship we'll never get over. It was perfect and we compare all of our lovers (Star Trek movies) to this person. There's good reason for this, but we should really try to move on.
Will Varner / BuzzFeed
5. Star Wars A crafty media hoax (created by our dad) that has convinced a lot of people that the Force, the Skywalker family, and a certain galaxy far, far away are all "fiction."
6. Doctor Who A pleasurable experience that has to be meticulously explained first in order to be enjoyed. It's worth it, in the end, all the explaining. But the process feels like taking inoculation vaccines before you go on vacation.
7. Dinosaurs A shorthand for anything that is permanently cool. Because we can't go back in time and see dinosaurs for real, their inherent awesomeness can never be taken away from us. This is what it will be like to love the Beatles in the year 2070.
Will Varner / BuzzFeed
8. Narnia An overcrowded, deranged alternate world of magic that was accidentally discovered by Lev Grossman in real life. His autobiographical work, The Magicians, vaguely describes how awful Narnia actually was. Biggest letdown of all: Aslan was not really a lion.
9. George Lucas The inverse-deadbeat dad to millions of us. He gave us Star Wars and then left us—he left us! When he returned, we became demanding, ungrateful, and bitter children. Nothing he can ever do is going to be good enough. When he left us a second time in 2012 (by selling off Star Wars), we were the happiest we've been in years.
10. Steven Spielberg Our dad's (George Lucas) cooler brother who got us high that one time on that camping trip when we were fourteen. We never talk to our cool uncle now, but we always speak in reverent tones about how awesome he was on that one camping trip.
11. Sherlock Holmes A proto-superhero whose superpowers were as follows: being really smart, pretending like he didn't care about sex, and possessing the ability to have a drug problem that actually assisted him in doing his job. If Sherlock Holmes habitually drank Miller High Life instead of shooting cocaine through a needle, no one would believe he was a mad "genius." They'd just think he was a drunk weirdo. The lesson? Choose to be addicted to interesting drugs.
Will Varner / BuzzFeed
12. Kurt Vonnegut Jr. A time-traveling ghost of Mark Twain who has turned out to be a slightly better writer while inhabiting his "new body." Smoked cigarettes as opposed to cigars to confuse people as to his true identity.
13. J. J. Abrams A cool guy whom everyone pretends they know personally, but whom nobody really knows. The new Jay Gatsby of pop-geekdom.
14. Isaac Asimov A living robot who was smarter than most humans. Former president of the Humanist Society.
Will Varner / BuzzFeed
15. Christopher Nolan Someone who is exactly like the Batman of his films: he is a hero, but we can't wait to turn on him.
16. Back to the Future An amazing generator of fake nostalgia. Retroactively removing this film from history would cause a paradoxical cascade effect resulting in everyone simultaneously disappearing from any Polaroid pictures that they're in. You'd still remain alive, but those old Polaroids would have weird empty spots.
17. Ursula K. Le Guin A being of pure energy cooler than most humans, living robots, and time-traveling ghosts. The science fiction version of a saint.
*** Ryan Britt has written for The New York Times, Electric Literature, The Awl, VICE Motherboard, Clarkesworld Magazine, and is a consulting editor for Story Magazine. He was the staff writer for the Hugo-Award winning web magazine Tor.com, where he remains a contributor. He lives in New York City. Excerpted from Luke Skywalker Can't Read: And Other Geeky Truths. To learn more, click here.
Former Ultimate
Fighting Championship heavyweight Tim Hague is
reportedly brain dead after suffering a brutal knockout loss Friday
night in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Hague battled Adam
Braidwood in the Shaw Conference Centre and was knocked
completely out in the second round.
Braidwood (8-1, 7 KOs) hit Hague clean on the head and when the
10-year mixed martial arts veteran fell flat onto his back, his
head bounced violently off the canvas. According to various
reports, Hague was clearly not right backstage and was rushed to
the hospital. From there, things turned grave as the Canadian had
to have surgery to relieve pressure from his brain bleeding.
Sportnet's James Lynch
was the first to report on Hague's condition and followed up that
he is in a coma. Realfightstories.com's Mike Russell added that
Hague has been declared brain dead.
UFC vet Sarah
Kaufman was ringside and snapped a photo of a fallen Hague just
moments after he was knocked out.
Hague entered the bout with Braidwood with a 1-2 overall record and
was knocked out in December. His last MMA bout was in July 2016
where he was knocked out with a head kick and punches from Michael
Andryszak. The “Thrashing Machine” stood at 21-13 in MMA, including
a 1-4 record inside the Octagon; his lone win being a submission
over Pat
Barry at UFC 98. He had lost four of his last five MMA
bouts.
Sources in contact with teammates at the
hospital tell me Hague was declared brain dead 2 hrs ago. Such a
tragedy. Thoughts with his family. — Mike Russell (@MIKERUSSELLMMA) June
17, 2017
Honest signalling has dominated discussions of animal signalling systems in the last few decades [1, 2]. However, it has been clear since early studies that animal communication need not be honest all the time [3, 4]. There is a growing body of literature on the use of dishonest signals in nature, in organism from microbes [5] to humans [6, 7]. Such deceptive signals can be used within or between species (intra vs. interspecific cheating). Between species these deceptive signals include various forms of mimicry (see review [8]): Batesian and Müllerian mimicry in butterflies [9, 10] and in fish [11]; myrmecomorphy in insects [12]; aggressive mimicry [13, 14]; and mimicry in cleaner-client systems [15]. Within species these deceptive signals include bluffing in the context of aggressive communication in stomatopods [16] fiddler crabs (Uca annulipes) [17], and American goldfinches (Carduelis tristis) [18]; and sexual mimicry in many species such as bluegill sunfish (Lepomis macrohirus) [19, 20], damselflies (Ischnura ramburi) [21] and red-sided garter snakes (Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis) [22]. A growing number of theoretical papers attempt to explain the presence of cheating in signalling systems both in general and in the context of aggressive communication [23–29].
Explaining honest communication or even a mixture of honest and dishonest signals presents a special challenge in the context of aggressive communication [30, 31] because a clear-cut conflict of interest exists between participants. Early theoretical models [32] have been highly sceptical about the possibility of honest signalling during aggressive interactions. Enquist [33] was the first to show that conventional signals can be honest and evolutionarily stable in this context. Enquist's model [33] can be seen as a modified version of the Hawk-Dove game [32] with a free communication round in which players can be weak or strong. Players know their own states, but their states cannot be seen by observers. Enquist asked whether cost free signals emitted at the communication stage can reliably transmit information about this unobservable quality. To answer this question, he investigated two global strategies (see detailed definitions below): to be honest and to lie (cheat). He proposed an honest equilibrium where weak and strong individuals use different signals, and weak individuals avoid fighting with strong individuals. Cheaters are weak individuals who mimic the signal of the strong individuals. Enquist has shown that as long as potential cheaters are unable to flee from the attack of honest strong individuals, there is a fighting cost threshold that prevents the spread of cheating in an honest population. Both the model and the results were ground-breaking at that time, because Enquist was the first to show that variation in behaviour can be a reliable signal and also that the receiver's response can maintain the signal's honesty.
Enquist's model, like most signalling games, assumes consistent individual variation between individuals. Animal personality research is a newly emerging and rapidly growing field with the primary goal of studying such individual differences ([34, 35]). Consistent individual variation has been shown to exist in many contexts, including aggression ([36, 37]). Individual variation also appears to carry over to signalling, and some examples of this phenomenon can be classified as cheating. For example, in recent studies Akcay and colleagues [38, 39] have found consistent “under” and “over” signalling behaviour in which aggressive individuals underuse, and less aggressive individuals over-use, threat displays. Potential examples of cheating are also found in other species, such as fiddler crabs [17] and goldfinches [18]. Despite extensive animal personality research, theoretical models attempting to explain the source of variation are rare. [40]. As a result, current empirical findings are still challenging to explain. In this paper, I suggest that frequency dependent-selection can offer an explanation for many of these observations.
Számadó [24] has proposed frequency dependent selection to explain cheating behaviour in Enquist's game; he has shown that honest and cheating strategies can co-exist in a mixed equilibrium. This mixed equilibrium can be implemented in two different ways: (i) either a fixed proportion of weak individuals cheat (p) and the remaining portion remains honest (1-p), (ii) or each weak individual cheats with a probability p and stays honest with probability 1-p. Later Szalai & Számadó [25] (abbreviated as SS09) utilised an extended version of this game with individual based simulations to investigate other possible strategies, such as strong cheaters or individuals who always attack or always flee while ignoring signals (see Additional file 1: Appendix 1 for detailed definitions of these strategies). They have found a diverse set of honest and cheating equilibria that have different combinations of these strategies. However, the validity of this type of equilibrium has been challenged by a later study. First, Hamblin & Hurd [41] concluded that no honest equilibrium evolved; in fact, no signalling equilibrium -mixed or pure- evolved in the first place when using random or close to random initial populations. Later, Helgesen et al. [42] (abbreviated as H13) heavily criticised Számadó [24] and Szalai & Számadó [25] for using a limited strategy set (i.e., there are more than eight possible strategies in Enquist's game) and slightly different pay-offs relative to those in previous versions [43]. They reiterated the conclusion of Hamblin & Hurd [41] and also claimed that no equilibrium with mixed cheating evolves in individual based simulations. They went as far as to claim, “Intuition and common sense have it that animals communicate using ambiguous threat displays that have an underlying probabilistic mixed strategy type of mechanism, but there remains no working game theoretical model of such a communication system” (Helgesen et al., [42] abstract).
It is important to resolve this controversy to decide whether frequency dependent selection can serve as a valid explanation for individual differences in aggressive contexts. Unfortunately, Helgesen et al. [42] used a completely different set of modelling assumptions than Szalai & Számadó [25], thus making it impossible to determine whether the effect claimed by Helgesen et al. [42] (i.e. lack of communication and mixed cheating) is the result of the introduction of a new, larger strategy set and a modified pay-off matrix or the result of other modelling assumptions. Here, I re-investigate those claims by using the strategy set and the pay-off matrix suggested by Helgesen et al. [42] and I also investigate the role of initial population composition and parameter space; otherwise, I use the modelling setup and assumptions of Szalai & Számadó [25].
A bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced legislation Friday to protect transgender people from being pulled from military service.
The proposal from Reps. Jackie Speier (D-Calif.), Charlie Dent Charles (Charlie) Wieder DentThe Hill's Morning Report - Government is funded, but for how long? Ex-GOP lawmaker says his party is having a 'Monty Python' moment on shutdown Former GOP lawmaker: Republicans know shutdown is ‘a fight they cannot win' MORE (R-Pa.), Susan Davis Susan Carol DavisOvernight Defense: Gillibrand offers bill to let transgender troops serve | Pentagon ready to protect US personnel in Venezuela | Dems revive fight with Trump over Saudis Gillibrand introduces bipartisan bill to allow transgender military service Bold, bipartisan action on child care will win plenty of friends MORE (D-Calif.), Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.), Adam Smith David (Adam) Adam SmithOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration White House to propose using budget maneuver to prevent defense spending cuts Overnight Defense: Trump to leave 200 troops in Syria | Trump, Kim plan one-on-one meeting | Pentagon asks DHS to justify moving funds for border wall MORE (D-Wash.) and Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) prevents the Department of Defense from removing currently serving members of the Armed Forces based solely on their gender identity.
President Trump in July announced in a series of tweets that he was reinstating a ban on transgender people serving in the military, claiming the Pentagon could not be “burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption” brought by their service.
ADVERTISEMENT
In August, he signed a memo instructing the Department of Defense to begin implementing the ban.
“Kicking out members of the United States Armed Services solely based on their gender identity is hateful, discriminatory, and on the wrong side of history,” Speier said in a statement.
“News flash, Mr. President — thousands of transgender troops already serve our country with pride and dignity. Our military should be focused on recruiting and retaining the best troops, not on rejecting qualified service members on the basis of discrimination.”
The House bill is a companion to legislation offered in the Senate last month by Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident: 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time' MORE (D-N.Y.), John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), Jack Reed John (Jack) Francis ReedPapering over climate change impacts is indefensible Why Democrats are pushing for a new nuclear policy GOP chairman: US military may have to intervene in Venezuela if Russia does MORE (D-R.I.) and Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine).
Last month, Defense Secretary James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense: Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE released an interim guidance that implements the ban on new recruits but allows transgender service members to continue serving in the military and receive medical care while the department determines how to enforce Trump's order. The guidance, however, says no new sex reassignment surgeries will be allowed after March 22.
Under the House bill, Mattis would be required to complete his review accepting transgender individuals into the armed forces by the end of this year and report the results to Congress.
Ros-Lehtinen called the ban a “sad reminder of the dark chapters in our nation's history that should never be repeated.”
“Any patriot, as long as they are qualified to serve, should have the ability to, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity,” she said. “These individuals are willing to sacrifice their lives for our freedom, freedom that they should also be able to enjoy."
A former security guard who worked Chargers games was caught masturbating near Chargers cheerleaders on the sidelines during a game in December. Both the team and Elite Services, the security company, acknowledged the incident and the guard was fired shortly after.
ABC 10 News reported this evening that the man pleaded guilty to performing a lewd act in public. San Diego prosecutors quietly charged him months ago and recently sentenced him to three years of probation and counseling. He will not have to register as a sex offender and he's already voluntarily surrendered his security license.
Advertisement
The woman who shot the video apparently tried to speak with Elite Security and the Chargers before she posted it, but didn't hear back:
Team 10 spoke to the woman who posted the video on her Facebook page after claiming neither the Chargers nor Elite Security returned her calls about the incident. After requesting anonymity, she said she hopes the court-ordered counseling will “give him the help he needs.”
[10 News]
Buy Photo CSU receiver Rashard Higgins gives a fist bump to the school's CAM the Ram mascot before a Nov. 7 game at Wyoming. Higgins is expected to declare himself eligible for the NFL draft following Tuesday's Arizona Bowl game against Nevada. (Photo: Austin Humphreys/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo
Sorry CSU fans, Rashard Higgins isn't coming back.
The best receiver to ever play for the Rams will play his last game in the green and gold Tuesday, when Colorado State University (7-5) faces Nevada (6-6) in the Arizona Bowl in Tucson.
Higgins hasn't actually said what his future holds. But it's hard to imagine him sticking around to play another year of college football, given all that he's already accomplished and his desire to move his mother out of the public housing project in Dallas where he grew up.
STEPHENS: Rashard Higgins brought his proud mother to tears
The NFL is calling, and Higgins is ready to move on. He's projected as a third- to fourth-round draft pick by most analysts, with ESPN's Mel Kiper rating him the 10th-best receiver available, should he chose to make him himself eligible.
“I haven't made any decisions, but you all stayed tuned for that,” he said after a Dec. 17 practice.
There's really nothing more for the 6-foot-2, 190-pound junior to prove by sticking around for another season. Although he took out an insurance policy through the NCAA's program for “exceptional athletes,” based on potential future earnings, that would cover him should he suffer a career-ending injury this season or next, he would need to spend at least four more semesters in school to earn his degree, he said.
Higgins already is the Rams' all-time leader in receptions (230) and touchdown catches (31), and he's No. 2 in receiving yards (3,520), with a chance to break David Anderson's record (3,634) in the Arizona Bowl. Higgins had 194 receiving yards, a career-high, on 10 catches with two touchdowns the last time he went up against Nevada's defense. CSU won that game last year in Reno 31-24.
HONORS: Rashard Higgins is CSU's only first-team All-MW selection
The Wolf Pack, Higgins said, have a lot of the same players in their secondary that they had a year ago, and the CSU receiver is hoping to once again get the best of them. It's in the game plan, first-year coach Mike Bobo and quarterback Nick Stevens said.
“We obviously have a plan to get him the ball and move him around and put him in some different spots,” Bobo said. “But then you've got to see how Nevada's going to play. … We'll have an initial plan, and then we've got to be able to adjust to get him the ball. But he's always a primary focus for us, trying to get him some touches.”
Higgins has been limited some by minor injuries this season. He had a sore hamstring during spring practices, a pulled groin muscle in fall camp and a sprained foot that kept him out of a game early in the season. Still, his 66 catches are more than double that of any other CSU receiver, as are his 933 receiving yards. With eight touchdowns and one catch for a two-point conversion, he's the team's second leading scorer, trailing only kicker Wyatt Bryan.
He had three 100-yard receiving games in a row early in the season and two more late in the year, as his health improved. He had 100 or more receiving yards in 10 of the 12 games he played for the Rams last season.
He doesn't have the school's career passing leader, Garrett Grayson, throwing to him anymore, and he's a focal point of every CSU opponent's defensive game plan.
“He's still a terrific football player,” Nevada coach Brian Polian said. “… He's very impactful.”
WATCH: CSU coach Mike Bobo on Rashard Higgins, Nick Stevens
Higgins said during practices for the bowl game that he's “100 percent” healthy for the first time this season.
“He's really been practicing well the last four to five weeks,” Bobo said. “… He seems focused and locked in, and I see him really getting his speed back and his strength.”
He's moving back up in the draft rankings, too. Higgins is rated anywhere from No. 10 to No. 14 among receivers available in the 2016 draft, should he declare himself eligible.
High enough to be certain he'll be selected, unlike record-breaking running back Kapri Bibbs in the 2014 NFL draft or Dee Hart in 2015.
Bobo said he and others at CSU will do their "due diligence" to determine where Higgins might be selected in order to help him reach a decision.
There's a good chance he's already made up his mind. He's probably got just one game left as a Ram, and he hopes to make it memorable.
“Looking at film, I still remember some of the cornerbacks and some of the guys that I went against, so it should be a good matchup,” Higgins said. “… I know they'll be coming at me with a vengeance because of what I did to them last year, so it'll be fun.”
Follow reporter Kelly Lyell at twitter.com/KellyLyell and facebook.com/KellyLyell.news
•Next up: Nevada vs. CSU, 5:30 p.m. Tuesday, Arizona Stadium, Tucson
•Watch: KDVR (Channel 31 in Denver), CampusInsiders.com
•Live chat: Join Kelly Lyell and Matt L. Stephens beginning at 4:30 p.m. Dec. 29 at Coloradoan.com. Share your own commentary and questions about the game
•Twitter updates: @KellyLyell, @MattStephens
Listen to the conversation on KCUR's Central Standard.
“I've always maintained that the best vegetarian food you can find anywhere is deep-fried,” joked KCUR Food Critic Charles Ferruzza.
But Kansas City's meatless food scene has blossomed over the past few years. In addition to vegetarian and vegan-only restaurants, chefs at restaurants of all stripes are getting creative.
“I think people have such an unfortunate misunderstanding that vegetarian food is bland,” commented guest Food Critic Lisa Murphy. “And when done properly, it's absolutely not. It's every bit as flavorful and as delightful as food made with meat.”
Ferruzza and Murphy, along with Mary Bloch, go beyond pasta and salad to find the best vegetarian (and vegan) food in and around Kansas City.
Here are their recommendations:
Mary Bloch, Around the Block:
The mushroom ramen at Columbus Park Ramen Shop. It's a riff on the standard pork or chicken ramen. It's made with an intense mushroom-charred leek broth, miso, black garlic oil, roasted and marinated mushrooms, seasonal veggies, nori and scallion. It's hearty, and it feels like you're eating a mushroom in every sip.
The kale with the shaved Brussels sprouts at The Westside Local. It also has slivered almonds, parmesan, fried shallots and maple tahini (and brown-sugar bacon, which you can leave off).
The Westside Local also has a lovely quinoa bowl. Currently, it's served with smoked squash puree, Brussels sprouts, radish, kale and sweet potatoes. My favorite is the spring version with spring veggies.
The Roots and Fruits dish at Char Bar, which has beets, Brussels sprouts, roasted parsnips, goat cheese and blackberry wine vinaigrette. Not a typical dish to find on a barbecue restaurant menu. It's a large portion; it can be a full meal.
The potato pizza (with Gorgonzola and radicchio) or the mushroom pizza (with Taleggio cheese) at Pizzabella.
The veggie burger and fries at Howard's Café. Chef Craig Howard makes his own cheese, and the burger is made with French green lentils, red beans, rehydrated porcini, brown rice, quinoa, carrots, garlic, nutritional yeast and vegan Worcestershire sauce. It's hearty and satisfying.
The Brussels sprouts crostini with ricotta, honey and preserved lemon at Plate. The Brussels sprouts leaves sitting atop the grilled bread are crispy and are beautifully complemented by the ricotta and honey.
The Harvest Vegetable dish at Princess Garden. It's an off-menu item, but it's a vegetarian version of Harvest Pork, with the same fragrant flavor. It's made with a garlic-ginger black bean sauce with broccoli, snow peas, peppers and more. It's my favorite Chinese vegetable dish.
The Magic Mushroom Sandwich is an old standby at The Classic Cup. It's been on the menu forever, and it's one of my favorite veggie sandwiches. Red peppers, lettuce, tomato and a really nice goat cheese aioli; it's delicious.
For Middle Eastern food: Jerusalem Café has a good hummus.
For beans and rice: El Portón Café has black beans and rice. The Sundry has red beans and rice (typically with ham and bacon, but if you call ahead, they're happy to make it vegetarian).
Lisa Murphy, health and wellness consultant, food blogger:
Appetizers:
The celery root bisque at Novel (vegan without the crab garnish). It's a rich, satisfying, creamy soup.
Fried oyster mushrooms and fennel at The Farmhouse (vegan without the sour cream; vegetarian with).
The live nachos at Café Gratitude (raw and vegan).
I love the hummus at Habashi House. It's fantastic.
Salads:
The harvest chop salad at Heirloom Bakery & Hearth (vegetarian).
Kale salad at The Westside Local (vegetarian without the bacon).
Main Courses:
Roasted eggplant pizza at Pizzabella.
The quinoa at The Westside Local (vegan).
The sprouted rye fritters at The Rieger Hotel Grill & Exchange. Chef Howard Hanna does a great job with vegan and vegetarian food. The sprouted rye fritters are a main course; they're fried and they're sort of like falafel. The rye grain has been germinated; I guess I'd say it tastes a little bit nuttier, a little bit fresher, a little bit greener, a little bit more alive. They were delicious.
Pakora curry at Chai Shai (vegetable fritters in yellow curry made from black mustard seeds and fresh curry leaves). Other tasty vegetarian dishes there include the yellow lentil curry and a vegan curry that's made with potatoes and carrots.
I like the veggie burger at The Westside Local. It's made with sweet potatoes and quinoa. It comes with cheese, but they can substitute hummus for you. And it's vegan; they use a vegan bun. I think it's really nice and tasty.
Drink:
One of my favorite things at Mud Pie Vegan Bakery & Coffeehouse are their non-dairy milks. I love the cashew milk; I order a cashew milk chai, which, as if it weren't already rich and creamy enough as it is. The cashew milk makes it amazing.
Charles Ferruzza, The Pitch:
Eden Alley. This venue calls itself “eco-conscious” and serves some wonderfully creative, inspired dishes, including delicious soups, sandwiches and wraps, a superb Mediterranean platter, a wonderful roasted potato burrito and a tasty vegan/nut-free loaf that evokes the spirit of the old Unity Inn, the first vegetarian restaurant in Kansas City back in 1906! I've always loved the veggie burger at Eden Alley; it's a real hearty burger that's very, very tasty. They don't mind if you tart it up with stuff; it's the condiments that make it so good. Also, shout-out to the roasted potato burrito.
Chinese restaurants are always a good option when dining with a mixed crowd (meat eaters and non-meat eaters). I like Kin Lin for its tofu with chili and cumin (exquisitely seasoned) and eggplant with tofu in garlic sauce (once you eat that, you don't miss meat).
The ABC Café has an impressive all-day dim sum menu — very inexpensive — offering vegetarian-friendly small plates like red bean puffs, stuffed bean curd and turnip cakes.
Thai restaurants typically have a few very good meatless options. I love the fried tofu (served with a couple of dipping sauces) at iPho Tower, as well as their vegetarian pho; they also serve a tofu banh mi sandwich that's quite delicious.
The desserts at Mud Pie Vegan Bakery & Coffeehouse are possibly the best-tasting “healthy” sweets in town.
Listener recommendations:
Jen Chen is associate producer for KCUR's Central Standard. Reach out to her at jen@kcur.org.
Transfer Market Gil Marin and Ramirez completed transfer last night
Atletico Madrid are set to make one of the biggest signings of the summer by acquiring Sevilla winger Vitolo Machin.
Diego Simeone is a huge admirer of the 27-year-old and did not want to hesitate when it came to signing him, but the club's transfer ban means that he will play at Las Palmas, his hometown team, until January.
The legal situation regarding the transfer is complex, but it is clean in the eyes of FIFA - the ones who dished out the punishment - as there is no loan or transfer that directly involves Atletico.
On Monday night, Las Palmas president Miguel Angel Ramirez travelled to Madrid to discuss the deal in person with Atletico's chief executive Gil Marin, as there will be an understanding that the player will join Las Palmas before heading to Los Rojiblancos at the end of their transfer ban in January.
The transfer itself will take place in the following manner: Atletico will pay Vitolo's 40 million euro release clauses to the offices of LaLiga, enabling him to speak with any club. That team will be Las Palmas. The Canary Island side will then sign him as a free agent until January, which is when they will sell him for free to Atletico.
This means that Vitolo will still be eligible to play in the latter stages of the Champions League with Atletico, and he will also be at a team where he will be playing regular football ahead of next year's World Cup in Russia.
Las Palmas benefit greatly from the deal, they are to receive 5m euros as they had a 12 percent sell-on fee included when they sold Vitolo to Sevilla, while they will also have one of LaLiga's best players plying his trade back at the club for six months.
Chelsea were also interested in signing the Canary Islander, but he just wanted to play for Atletico and the best way of doing that was to return to the first club of his life, Las Palmas.
This is a deal in which everyone wins. The desire of Las Palmas is that Atletico accelerate the deal so that Vitolo is not heading to Japan as part of Sevilla's pre-season training on 12 July, and is instead incorporated into the Amarillos squad on 13 July in Gran Canaria.
RaboDirect PRO12
Thorn rides to Leinster's aid
ESPNscrum Staff
Brad Thorn has signed for Leinster © Getty Images Enlarge Tournaments/Tours: RaboDirect PRO12 Teams: Ireland | Leinster | New Zealand
Leinster have announced the signing of former All Black Brad Thorn on a short-term deal.
The 37-year-old lock has made the temporary switch to Dublin on a three-month deal, having turned out for Japanese club Fukuoka Sanix Blues since helping New Zealand claim the Rugby World Cup last year.
Leinster are currently light in the second-row department, with skipper Leo Cullen out with an injury and Steven Sykes back in South Africa with the Sharks.
Capped 59 times by the All Blacks, Thorn also enjoyed a decorated career in rugby league, winning honours with Australia and Queensland during his time with the Brisbane Broncos.
"It's great to have Brad to help us through until the end of the season," Leinster boss Joe Schmidt said.
"After Leo's injury and Steven Sykes' return to South Africa we were short of options at second-row, but Brad's arrival will supplement the likes of Damian Browne, Devin Toner and Mark Flanagan, as we look ahead to a demanding few months.
"Obviously Brad won't have a lot of time to find his feet, but I know the quality he brings and how keen he is to make a contribution both on and off the field."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Rush Limbaugh ( DonkeyHotey
One such company that had been a longtime sponsor of Mr. Limbaugh's, Carbonite, said it would reconsider its ad spending; after the apology was issued, it announced that it would suspend its ads anyway. “We hope that our action, along with the other advertisers who have already withdrawn their ads, will ultimately contribute to a more civilized public discourse,” the company's chief executive, David Friend, said. [...] The company that withdrew on Sunday, ProFlowers, had been inundated with angry Twitter messages from opponents of Mr. Limbaugh. In a statement, it said, “We do not base our advertising decisions to align with any particular political view or opinion, as our employees and customers are as diverse as the U.S.A. Mr. Limbaugh's recent comments went beyond political discourse to a personal attack and do not reflect our values as a company.”
Rush Limbaugh's non-apology , undoubtedly spurred by the loss of advertisers , didn't do the trick. Since his "apology" statement Saturday, he lost two more national sponsors, Carbonite and Pro Flowers.That's quite a change for ProFlowers from the mealy-mouthed tweets the company had been posting in response to customer demands that they drop Limbaugh.
But Carbonite was a big one. In company CEO David Friend's original post on the issue, he expressed his concern, and his intention to confront Limbaugh: "I have scheduled a face-to-face meeting next week with Limbaugh during which I will impress upon him that his comments were offensive to many of our customers and employees alike."
The non-apology, however, seemed to seal the deal for Friend. In an update to that post, he writes:
“No one with daughters the age of Sandra Fluke, and I have two, could possibly abide the insult and abuse heaped upon this courageous and well-intentioned young lady. Mr. Limbaugh, with his highly personal attacks on Miss Fluke, overstepped any reasonable bounds of decency. Even though Mr. Limbaugh has now issued an apology, we have nonetheless decided to withdraw our advertising from his show. We hope that our action, along with the other advertisers who have already withdrawn their ads, will ultimately contribute to a more civilized public discourse.”
So out are Quicken Loans, mattress retailers Sleep Train and Sleep Number, software maker Citrix Systems Inc., online legal document services company LegalZoom, Pro-Flowers, and Carbonite. It's almost enough to make one want to listen to Limbaugh's show today. Almost.
Nearly 100,000 members of the Daily Kos community have signed our petition telling the remaining advertisers to pull their support for Rush Limbaugh. Please, add your name now before we deliver the signatures.
Make that eight. AOL has pulled out as well, at least temporarily.
"At AOL one of our core values is that we act with integrity," said Maureen Sullivan, an AOL spokeswoman. "We have monitored the unfolding events and have determined that Mr. Limbaugh's comments are not in line with our values. As a result we have made the decision to suspend advertising on The Rush Limbaugh Radio show."
Via ATL Dem in comments, it's now nine.
@taxresolution via HootSuite @ex We have decided to join other advertisers and suspend our sponsorship of The Rush Limbaugh Show.
Add two more, and one of them is major: Sears.
@Sears via Sprinklr @Jason_Jennifer Sears and Kmart did not intentionally advertise on the Rush Limbaugh show. Sears (cont) http://t.co/...
@Bonobos via web @ScottCandage Looks like we were running on it, but we've told them to pull us from the show indefinitely. Thanks for letting us know!
And Bonobos:
Los Angeles Police Department SWAT officers walk toward their vehicles after one officer was wounded and a suspect killed in 2014. (Photo by Mark Boster/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
"Every second counts, and hesitation will kill you," Jamie McBride told the Los Angeles Police Commission last month.
McBride, a director of the LAPD's rank-and-file union, was testifying at a hearing about a proposal to establish new use-of-force guidelines for local cops. And he didn't mince words.
The proposed rules, McBride promised, "will get officers killed, plain and simple."
He went on to deliver a chilling warning to the five civilians who sit on the commission: "Make no mistake, if an officer is killed as a result .... [his] blood will be on your hands."
McBride's comments weren't entirely unexpected. Cops don't like change. Traditionally, many prefer to operate in shades of gray that give them room to maneuver. Basically, they like to do their thing unfettered.
But the union chief's eerie testimony was overshadowed by a just-released report on officer-involved-shootings in LA over the course of 2015. The commission, which sets Los Angeles Police Department policy, could hardly avoid the glaring numbers spelled out in the report: 48 officer-involved shootings, 38 of which hit suspects, 21 of them fatally. (On Tuesday, the commission agreed with LAPD Chief Charlie Beck that the fatal shooting of an unarmed homeless man last May was unjustified.)
The ten shots that hit no one were not warning shots, either—LAPD cops had simply missed their targets.
Of course, this isn't just an LA problem. Since 2014, police killings caught on camera have fueled a national movement for change that only seems to grow stronger each month. But no one listening to McBride that day could have avoided the stark comparison with other big-city police departments. In Chicago, with a population that's somewhat smaller than that of LA, and where gun violence seems to set new records each year, officers shot 22 people in 2015, killing eight. In New York, with roughly three times as many police officers and a population about twice as large as LA's, officers shot 32 people last year, nine fatally.
So LA posts a test case for reformers nationwide: If they can do it here, they should be able to do it anywhere.
Now the proposal that angered McBride so much was far from radical. It focused on training cops to avoid the kinds of confrontations that lead to officers shooting unarmed civilians—many of whom, as critics point out, are often stopped on the flimsiest of pretexts.
The strategy is called "de-escalation."
The driving force behind LA's new strategy is Commission President Matthew Johnson, who was named to the post just last year. The managing partner of an entertainment law firm of 30 attorneys, Johnson is an African American native of New Jersey and graduate of New York University Law School who moved to LA "literally three weeks" after the 1992 LA riots, he recalls.
In formulating the strategy, Johnson took a careful lawyer's approach. First, he ordered a ten-year review of LAPD shootings. At the same time, he considered a wide range of training policies that guide officer behavior and ultimately influence tactics, including procedures for handling the mentally ill and alternatives to using deadly force weapons.
Based on that review, the commission concluded that the department's previous approach, which called on officers to demonstrate "a reverence for human life," was way too vague. Instead, the commission wants the LAPD to focus not just on minimizing shootings, but also training and rewarding officers who use de-escalation tactics to avoid them. Perhaps most important, the commission wants to hold accountable cops who go rogue.
In its revised policy guidelines, the commission decided that henceforth, shooting a suspect would be considered "in-policy"—that is, legit—only if it came as a last resort.
One thing LA has going for it is that a key component of better police accountability is already in place. Last year, Chief Beck and the commission began instituting a requirement that all patrol officers wear body cameras, and that every patrol car be equipped with a camera too. Of course, outside critics were already unhappy with some elements of the camera policy, namely that cops have the right to review any use-of-force tapes before making a sworn shooting statement, thus allowing the officer to present their account in the best possible light.
Nevertheless, the support of Beck—and the grudging acceptance of the union—gave the commission what it considered a crucial new oversight tool in adjudicating use-of-force incidents.
"The cameras have made a huge difference," Johnson says. "At the end of the day, the video is what the video is. You can only explain so much, but the video is going to stand on its own."
Beck and the commission had already begun reviewing officer-involved shootings to consider not just whether the shooting was in- or out-of-policy, but whether the tactics leading up to the shooting were appropriate. So some elements of the revised guidelines weren't exactly new.What is different, however, is that, as a result of the commission's decision, de-escalation will be written into official policy mandating that officers be trained in de-escalation techniques, which they must use in their interactions with citizens.
Failure to do so will now be cause to declare a shooting out-of-policy, even if the officer, because of their failure, was in a position where they felt they had to fire to stay alive. An out-of-policy finding has become a serious matter in the LAPD, one that can result in anything from required retaining to a reprimand, loss of promotion, and firing.
Some of the de-escalation training is also already in place. Shooting scenarios are now performed with actors who play suspects. The scenarios graphically demonstrate how to avoid the need to shoot, focusing on when a trainee might have used de-escalation, but didn't.
"They learn how the right way of talking to a suspect, and the right display of empathy and body language [that] can de-escalate a situation," says Chief Beck.
Indeed, despite the union's objections, some experts outside the LAPD believe a well-executed de-escalation training regime can make officers—and the public—safer. According to Michael Gennaco, who oversaw reform efforts for the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, officers can slow down an escalating situation by taking cover and calling for back-up or specialized units. They can also try to calm people down and be careful not to get so close to a suspect that a mere gesture might cause tragedy.
Clearly, as Gennaco puts it, "Some shootings are unavoidable; you'll never get to zero."
But, he adds, "You can strive to get the number as low as possible, and avoid the 'lawful but awful' kinds of deadly force incidents that we have seen too many times."
Still, the question remains: Is a de-escalation policy sufficient in itself?
Training in avoiding interactions that can quickly spin out of control is obviously critical—but only if it's built into community policing strategy. Successful police-citizen interaction ultimately has to be based on efforts to gain the acceptance and respect of the public. De-escalation of volatile incidents is just a first step.
Whether they fall "in" or "out" of the new policy guidelines, police shootings will continue to shock the public conscience unless police departments establish a clear goal of earning legitimacy in the communities they serve.
Near the end of my interview with Matt Johnson, I ask him how the LA Police Commission will monitor compliance with the new policy, which is scheduled to be implemented within the next 30 days.
"We have an inspector general with a staff of forty auditors and investigators who will insure the policy is complied with," he says.
"And if this policy doesn't work, we'll try something else."
Joe Domanick is West Coast bureau chief of The Crime Report and Associate Director of the Center for Media, Crime and Justice at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. This column was published in partnership with The Crime Report and Witness LA.
Oprah Winfrey and 'Saturday Night Live's' Aidy Bryant will also lend their voices to the feature.
The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun, pop star Kelly Clarkson, Oprah Winfrey and Saturday Night Live's Aidy Bryant are among those lending their voices to The Star, Sony Pictures Animation's animal take on the first Christmas.
Keegan-Michael Key, Kristin Chenoweth, Anthony Anderson, Gabriel Iglesias, Ving Rhames, Delilah Rene, Kris Kristoferson, Gina Rodriguez, Zachary Levi, Tyler Perry, Tracy Morgan and Christopher Plummer are also in the large cast, which was announced as part of SPA's presentation Wednesday.
Academy Award nominated Timothy Reckart is directing The Star, which has a story by Carlos Kotkin and Simon Moore, and screenplay by Kotkin. The movie is aiming for a Nov. 10, 2017, release.
Per SPA, The Star tells of "a small but brave donkey named Bo (who) yearns for a life beyond his daily grind at the village mill. One day he finds the courage to break free and finally goes on the adventure of his dreams. On his journey, he teams up with Ruth, a lovable sheep who has lost her flock, and Dave, a dove with lofty aspirations. Along with three wisecracking camels and some eccentric stable animals, Bo and his new friends follow the star and become accidental heroes in the greatest story ever told — the first Christmas.
Yeun is voicing the donkey, Bryant the sheep and Key the dove.
Plummer is King Herod, while Rodriguez and Levi are Mary and Joseph, respectively.
DeVon Franklin, who works on faith-centric films (such as Miracles From Heaven) is exec producing along with Lisa Henson and Brian Henson. Jenni Magee Cook is producing.
Pug ID tag / key ring
The finer points:
Have a pug with a unique personality? Well you and your pup will love what we've cooked up in the studio this time!
We've teamed up with Belgian artist Olivia Delsart to create a unique ID tag or keyring that will sure turn heads at the dog park.
As with all our products we only use the highest quality materials - Brass / Stainless Steel / Stainless Steel with a Black Nickel Coating
This I.D Tag has been designed to wear back with our collar collection.
If your choosing to have your tag engraved, please allow an additional 2-3 days, we just want to make it absolutely perfect and be as unique as the pup you are buying it for.
It is a privilege to be considered one of the leaders of this team and I'm committed to taking this team to the next level. - Islanders' new captain, Mark Streit
– The New York Islanders announced today the appointment of defenseman Mark Streit as the 13th captain in the organization's 40-year history.Streit, 33, enters his fourth season with the Islanders in 2011-12. He missed the entire 2010-11 campaign with a shoulder injury, but in his first two seasons with the club, Streit led all Islanders in ice-time. He also led the team in scoring during the 2008-09 season, while ranking third in that category in 2009-10.The Bern, SUI, native becomes the first team captain in National Hockey League history from Switzerland.“It's truly an honor to be named the captain of such a historic franchise with a rich history,” Streit said. “To follow in the foot-steps of so many legendary leaders that represented the Islanders is a role I am excited to fill. It is a privilege to be considered one of the leaders of this team and I'm committed to taking this team to the next level.”The Islanders' 12th captain, Doug Weight, relinquished the position after two years of service when he retired on May 26, 2011. Streit has served as an assistant captain at various points throughout his three-year Islanders career.“Throughout his three seasons with the Islanders, Mark has been a steadying presence in our dressing room,” said General Manager Garth Snow. “He is constantly pushing himself to be the very best and demands the same from his teammates. Mark is a leader both on and off the ice and we are pleased to name him the 13th team captain in Islanders history.”The Montreal Canadiens selected Streit in the ninth round (262nd overall) of the 2004 National Hockey League Entry Draft. In 361 career NHL games, he's scored 52 goals and 162 assists for 214 points. Streit has also played in 12 Stanley Cup Playoff games, recording one goal and three assists.In international play, Streit has served as captain for Team Switzerland at numerous World Championships and Winter Olympic games. In total, he's played in 74 World Championship games, 15 Winter Olympic games and 11 World Junior Championship games.Founded in 1972, the New York Islanders Hockey Club stands proudly as Long Island's sole major league professional sports franchise. Keep up with breaking Islanders news on Facebook at www.facebook.com/NEWYORKISLANDERS and on Twitter @NYIslanders. For further information on any individual/group ticket options or sponsorship opportunities, contact the team's office at (516) 501-6700 or e-mail customerservice@newyorkislanders.com. For more team information, log on to newyorkislanders.com.
Sir Alfred Charles Bernard Lovell OBE FRS (31 August 1913 – 6 August 2012) was an English physicist and radio astronomer. He was the first Director of Jodrell Bank Observatory, from 1945 to 1980.[1][2][3][4][5][6]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Lovell was born at Oldland Common, Bristol in 1913,[7] the son of Gilbert and Emily Laura Lovell.[8] His childhood hobbies and interests included cricket and music, mainly the piano. He had a Methodist upbringing and attended Kingswood Grammar School.[6][9]
Career and research [ edit ]
Lovell studied physics at the University of Bristol obtaining a Bachelor of Science degree in 1934,[8] and a PhD in 1936 on the electrical conductivity of thin films.[10][11][12][13] At this time he also received lessons from Raymond Jones, a teacher at Bath Technical School and later organist at Bath Abbey. The church organ was one of the main loves of his life, apart from science.[14][15]
Lovell worked in the cosmic ray research team at the University of Manchester[16][16][17][18] until the outbreak of the Second World War, during which he worked for the Telecommunications Research Establishment (TRE) developing radar systems to be installed in aircraft, among them H2S. In June 1942 he was involved in the recovery of a highly secret cavity magnetron from the wreckage of a Handley Page Halifax that had crashed killing a number of his colleagues, including EMI engineer Alan Blumlein, while on a test flight.
At the end of the Second World War, Lovell attempted to continue his studies of cosmic rays with an ex-military radar detector unit, but suffered much background interference from the electric trams on Manchester's Oxford Road. He moved his equipment to a more remote location, one which was free from such electrical interference, and where he established the Jodrell Bank Observatory, near Goostrey in Cheshire. It was an outpost of the university's botany department. In the course of his experiments, he was able to show that radar echoes could be obtained from daytime meteor showers as they entered the Earth's atmosphere and ionised the surrounding air. With university funding, he constructed the then-largest steerable radio telescope in the world, which now bears his name: the Lovell Telescope. Over 50 years later, it remains a productive radio telescope, now operated mostly as part of the MERLIN and European VLBI Network interferometric arrays of radio telescopes.
New York Times Portrait by Reginald Gray , 1966, for the
In 2009, Lovell claimed he had been the subject of a Cold War assassination attempt during a 1963 visit to the Soviet Deep-Space Communication Centre (Eupatoria). Lovell alleged that his hosts tried to kill him with a lethal radiation dose[19] because he was head of the Jodrell Bank space telescope when it was also being used as part of an early warning system for Soviet nuclear attacks. Lovell wrote a full account of the incident which, at his determination, was only published after his death.[20]
Lectures [ edit ]
In 1958, Lovell was invited by the BBC to deliver the annual Reith Lectures, a series of six radio broadcasts called The Individual and the Universe,[21] in which he examined the history of enquiry into the solar system and the origin of the universe.
In 1959, he was invited to deliver the MacMillan Memorial Lecture to the Institution of Engineers and Shipbuilders in Scotland. He chose the subject "Radio Astronomy and the Structure of the Universe".[22]
In 1965 he was invited to co-deliver the Royal Institution Christmas Lecture on Exploration of the Universe.
In 1975 he gave the presidential address (In the Centre of Immensities) to the British Association meeting in Guildford.[23]
Awards and honours [ edit ]
Lovell won numerous awards including:
Lovell was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.[30]
Beyond professional recognition, Lovell has a secondary school named after him in Oldland Common, Bristol, which he officially opened.[31] A building on the QinetiQ site in Malvern is also named after him, as was the fictional scientist Bernard Quatermass, the hero of several BBC Television science-fiction serials of the 1950s, whose first name was chosen in honour of Lovell.[32]
Personal life [ edit ]
In 1937 he married Mary Joyce Chesterman (d. 1993) and they had two sons and three daughters.[6][33] Their son Dr Bryan Lovell is a geologist at the University of Cambridge.
In later life Lovell was physically very frail; he lived in quiet retirement in the English countryside, surrounded by music, his books and a vast garden filled with trees he himself planted many decades before. Lovell died at home in Swettenham, Cheshire on 6 August 2012.[34][35]
Republican leaders of the US House of Representatives pulled legislation to overhaul the healthcare system from consideration on Friday (Saturday NZT) due to a shortage of votes, despite desperate lobbying by the White House and its allies in Congress, dealing a stiff setback to President Donald Trump.
Republican leaders had planned a vote on the measure after Trump cut off negotiations with Republicans who had balked at the plan and issued an ultimatum to vote on Friday, win or lose.
It was unclear whether the bill might be rescheduled, although Trump told the Washington Post, "We just pulled it."
The showdown on the House floor follows Trump's decision to cut off negotiations to shore up support inside his own party.
Earlier on Friday, Republicans in Congress said they lacked the votes needed for passage of their US healthcare system overhaul and a key committee chairman came out in opposition after Trump demanded the vote.
Amid a chaotic scramble for votes, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who has championed the bill, met with Trump at the White House. Ryan told the president there were not enough votes to pass the plan, US media reported.
The showdown on the House floor follows Trump's decision to cut off negotiations to shore up support inside his own party, with moderates and the most conservative lawmakers balking. On Thursday night he issued an ultimatum that lawmakers pass the legislation that has his backing or keep in place the 2010 Affordable Care Act, widely known as Obamacare, that Republicans have sought to dismantle since it was enacted seven years ago.
JOSHUA ROBERTS/REUTERS Speaker of the House Paul Ryan told the president earlier on Friday that there were not enough votes to pass the plan.
"We'll see what happens," Trump said at the White House, adding that Ryan should keep his job regardless of the outcome.
Before the vote, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said: "What's happening today is a lose-lose situation for the Republicans. It's a lose-lose for the American people, that's for sure. But the people who vote for this will have this vote tattooed to their foreheads as they go forward."
Healthcare was the first major test of how Trump, a real estate magnate who touted his deal-making prowess in the 2016 presidential campaign, would work with Congress. Days of negotiations led to some changes in the bill but failed to produce a consensus deal.
@washingtonpost I'm looking forward to early A.M. Tweets from him blaming FAKE NEWS and everyone else for this failure. His loss, our gain. — Derek Adams (@RiotInciter) March 24, 2017
Replacing Obama's signature health care plan was a key campaign pledge for Trump and Republicans, who view it as overly intrusive and expensive.
Obamacare boosted the number of Americans with health insurance through mandates on individuals and employers, and income-based subsidies. About 20 million Americans gained insurance coverage through the law.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said under the Republican legislation, 14 million people would lose medical coverage by next year and more than 24 million would be uninsured in 2026.
* Comments on this story are now closed.
“A massive political deception” is how NDP leader Tom Mulcair, portrayed the Liberal government's abandonment of electoral reform.
Mulcair's claim suggests that when Justin Trudeau committed — unequivocally and without reservation — to make the 2015 election the last to be conducted under the first-past-the-post system, he knew he was lying.
On first inspection, it smacks of George Stephanopoulos' cynical defence of his former boss, Bill Clinton: “The president has kept all the promises he intended to keep.”
But I'm not so sure. That would indicate a level of premeditated mendacity we haven't seen yet, even from a government that is becoming more elastic in the application of its principles by the day.
Opinion polls suggest a plurality of Canadians want changes to the way they elect governments, but there is no agreement on what kind of change.
A special committee of MPs that studied electoral reform recommended a referendum, pitting the current system against an unspecified form of proportional representation. The Liberals dissented, while the NDP and Green members added a supplementary report that also questioned the need for a referendum.
The Liberals' preferred option was a ranked ballot system that would have kept them in power until one of the prime minister's progeny was old enough to continue his dynastic rule.
But it quickly became apparent that this was a non-starter without a referendum, which would likely have opted for the status quo in any case.
So, I don't believe the Liberals planned to lie all along.
But there is no doubt that they have broken a campaign promise — and not one of the little ones, like creating a more detailed parliamentary expense form.
As Mulcair pointed out, the pledge was made 1,813 times. It helped get the Liberals elected and there will be many voters who will never give Trudeau the benefit of the doubt again.
“How can Canadians believe anything this prime minister says after he so blatantly and intentionally betrayed his own words?” asked Mulcair.
The evidence that this was a very bad day indeed for the government was apparent on the glum faces on the Liberal backbench, where many MPs looked as if they'd just been told the government planned to wipe out the Canadian moose.
Opposition members who spent much of their summer crisscrossing Canada gauging opinion on electoral reform were incandescent.
“I'm frustrated, angered and saddened,” said NDP democratic reform critic Nathan Cullen, whose mood will be brightened when he sees the next polling report.
Yet, even in his distress, he extended his sympathies to the hapless figure of new Democratic Reform Minister Karina Gould, whose marching orders from the prime minister were released just before she had to deliver the news to Canadians. “Changing the electoral system will not be in your mandate,” the letter said.
Earlier this month, the Burlington, Ont., MP was elevated to cabinet. In a remarkable act of self-sacrifice, she marched towards the cameras Wednesday to announce her job has become all but redundant.
She did passably well defend the indefensible, although she would probably like to erase the clip where she said “MOST of our electoral promises have (been) kept.”
The Ekos poll from last November, which suggested a plurality of Canadians believe the current electoral system does not do to a good job of representing what voters want, also tracked trust in government. The poll suggested that trust doubled with Trudeau's electoral victory, from near historic lows under Stephen Harper.
But after this news, confidence and faith in the promises made by this government will crumble.
Trudeau made clear promises, with no provisos, that have turned to ashes. The new minister blustered that “time and time again we have said there needed to be consensus.”
But to suggest this was always the case is nonsense. The caveat about consensus first emerged in an interview given by the accident-prone former minister, Maryam Monsef, last May.
Monsef was lampooned for claiming to want evidence of “broad buy-in” while rejecting a referendum, because it would exclude young people, women, minorities and people with “exceptionalities,” because they don't vote in large numbers. Instead, the government would listen to Canadians via Twitter, “the 21st-century way.”
There followed the pointless town-hall listening exercise and the asinine mydemocracy.ca online survey.
This costly consultation concluded Wednesday with news that, if the Liberals couldn't get the system that would guarantee them power in perpetuity, they'd stick with the one that delivered them a whopping majority last time.
For those of us who prefer strong, stable governments that directly elect MPs to represent their communities, the decision to leave this hornets' nest unstirred is welcome news.
But for those who voted for Trudeau as an antidote to political cynicism — and in the hope that he would overturn what they consider an unjust electoral system — it is nothing short of a betrayal.
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
Chiefs scrumhalf Augustine Pulu has been ruled out of the Super Rugby's Finals Series due to a broken arm.
Pulu, who represented the All Blacks in two Tests on their 2014 end-of-year tour, sustained the injury after coming on as a replacement in the Chiefs' 21-13 defeat to the Hurricanes in New Plymouth on Saturday.
"Pulu underwent surgery earlier today to insert a plate," the Chiefs revealed via a press release on Sunday.
"The expected return to play time is 8-10 weeks."
The 25-year-old's injury is a major setback for the Hamilton-based franchise ahead of their Finals Series clash with the Highlanders in Dunedin on Saturday.
The Chiefs have also been without another All Black scrumhalf, Tawera Kerr-Barlow, since the start of the season after he tore ligaments in his knee in a Rugby Championship Test against the Springboks at Ellis Park in Johannesburg last October.
Alan Pardew will be asked to account for Newcastle United's end-of-season slump at a pre-arranged summer summit with Mike Ashley – with David Moyes' sudden availability putting his role under further pressure.
Ashley will return from a three-week holiday in Miami in the coming days but it his end-of-season meeting with Pardew which is now exercising minds at St James' Park. There is understood to be a measure of dismay at the side's slump, although managing director Lee Charnley continues to insist it is business as usual.
The Journal understands that in the week after the season Ashley will meet Pardew in London – and Moyes' availability offers a ready-made alternative who has been approached for the job by the owner before.
The Newcastle boss faced a similar inquest into last season and the consequence of those discussions was the decision to` appoint a new director of football, with Joe Kinnear handed the responsibility.
Pardew will once again have to justify his efforts this season, with the final decision resting in the hands of owner Ashley.
The situation is intriguing because United are understood to have tried to lure Moyes to Tyneside on two occasions while Ashley has been in charge of the club. Sources in Merseyside confirmed that Everton resisted both approaches for Moyes, who was fired by Manchester United after failing to win round the influential Old Trafford dressing room.
Owen Humphreys/PA Wire Mike Ashley
Newcastle have also shown previous interest in Steve Bruce, who has bolstered his reputation at Hull City in the last two years.
Meanwhile, United are ready to turn to Spain to recruit this summer – and will look to progress a deal for Tenerife forward Ayoze Perez. The Journal understands that managing director Charnley met with a Madrid-based agent recently in order to discuss potential La Liga targets for the club, who have been actively scouting matches in the country recently. In addition to those moves a deal for Perez, who would join the club's development group next season, is understood to be at an advanced stage with second-tier Spanish outfit Tenerife.
Whatever happens to the manager the club have begun to source targets for the summer and individual moves are awaiting the green light from Ashley, who has already signalled that there will be money available.
France remains a key area for the club, but there has been more resistance from Ligue 1 clubs in the last two transfer windows and there has been a conscious decision to cultivate contacts in other clubs.
In addition to that there are hopes of bolstering the club's quota of British-based players, which explains the club's willingness to negotiate with Jack Colback's representatives.
Newcastle have been made aware of Colback's availability and had a fresh round of talks with the Sunderland midfielder's agent earlier this month. There is interest from the Magpies in taking a player who would replace the outgoing Dan Gosling in the first-team group.
Newcastle desperately need to refresh a squad that has struggled for motivation in the last few weeks and looks to have reached a crossroads.
Injuries are mounting up, and behind closed doors the club have admitted that Davide Santon has played his last game of the season – and possibly his last for Newcastle. There is interest from Roma in the left-back, who is angling for a contract extension but will not be given one.
Similarly, Papiss Cisse is out for the season – and may even miss pre-season – while Luuk de Jong will not play at Arsenal after twisting his ankle. The striker has been underwhelming since moving from Borussia Monchengladbach on a long-term loan but he still wants to make the switch permanent. “I twisted my ankle, but I hope it's not too bad. I hope it's going to be OK,” said de Jong.
Despite reports in the Portuguese press, midfielder FilipDjuricic is not understood to be a target of Newcastle.
Dec 30, 2015; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Toronto Raptors guard DeMar DeRozan (10) standing next to Washington Wizards point guard John Wall (2) at Air Canada Centre. The Raptors beat the Wizards 94-91. Mandatory Credit: Tom Szczerbowski-USA TODAY Sports
Washington Wizards: Top 5 Kevin Durant Alternatives
With the return of Nene and Gary Neal to practice, things seem to be going in the right direction for the Washington Wizards…kind of.
Getting healthy as a team is never a bad thing, but the Wizards should be beyond the point of thinking health will change their fate in the conference. The verdict is in. Over their past 82 regular season games, the Washington Wizards are 38-44 — a .463 winning percentage. That is not indicative of an Eastern Conference Finals team.
Hypothetically? Sure. If the Washington Wizards core from last year and new additions to the roster ever had a sustained stretch of healthy, chemistry building basketball, they might be able to make a push in an Eastern Conference where there is Cleveland, then everybody else.
The problem lies in the players who have been on the shelf and unavailable.
Bradley Beal, Nene, Drew Gooden, Alan Anderson, Gary Neal, and DeJuan Blair were all unavailable for the Washington Wizards' 97-75 loss to the Miami Heat on Sunday evening. The problem with using their injuries as an excuse or their return as the foundation of a turnaround is that four of the six players missing, Nene (33-years-old), Drew Gooden (34), Alan Anderson (33) and Gary Neal (31) are all on the wrong side of 30.
Expecting a group with an average age of near 33 to be healthy is a mistake as there's no guarantee that when they do return, they stay on the court (see Drew Gooden's return last week). Add to that Nene and Bradley Beal's injury history and counting on this group with 50 games to go seems wildly optimistic at best and simply irrational at worst.
This takes us back to an ongoing, underlying theme that this season seems to have brought into focus: the need for the Washington Wizards to compliment John Wall with additional reinforcements.
Wall, the recently named Eastern Conference Player of the Month of December, had a dominant month averaging 22.6 points, 11.7 assists, 4.8 rebounds and 2.3 steals. That dominant month amounted to a .500 month (8-8).
The roster needs to be built up outside of growth from within by Kelly Oubre Jr. and Otto Porter or health (and improved play) from Bradley Beal. Free agency may be where those reinforcements for John Wall (and Marcin Gortat) come from.
With a look ahead to free agency in the Summer of Kevin Durant, we take a look at several options for the Washington Wizards this summer not including the local hero currently residing in Oklahoma City.
The 23-year-old forward from Golden State represents an intriguing free agent, one that Grantland speculated could be the most intriguing free agent of 2016 in a September article.
Harrison Barnes is averaging a career high in points (12.9) and field goal percentage (51.1) in a complimentary role playing for the machine known as the Golden State Warriors. His restricted free agency status makes his free agency a little more difficult to project as Golden State may be reluctant to match a max free agent offer which Barnes may easily secure given the cap increase coupled with the number of teams with cap space.
As the Grantland article surmises, Harrison Barnes will be intriguing on the market based on perceived upside. Is he a complimentary player dependent on others to produce or is he ready to make the leap?
As a fit on Washington, Barnes' versatility and ability to play either forward position, athleticism, defensive ability, and proven ability to at minimum be a solid complimentary player for a good team makes him a safe target with the intrigue of untapped potential.
The 27-year-old small forward for the Charlotte Hornets is having a career year after a down year in Portland prior to his departure via trade.
Nicolas Batum would signify an attempt by the Washington Wizards to replicate what they had in Trevor Ariza — a high quality 3-and-D player who at 6'8″ can likely spend some time manning the power forward spot as the NBA shifts to pace-and-space basketball.
Otto Porter has not developed into the defender the Wizards likely would have hoped and Kelly Oubre Jr. has shown flashes of defensive prowess, but is still only 20-years old and would be tough to rely upon as a designated defender against a position so often which represents the opposition's best scorers.
Likely to be one of the most heavily pursued free agents next summer, Al Horford would be a good fit for the Washington Wizards.
The reason he's not higher on this list: age. Horford will be 30-years old prior to next season and while he still should have a lot of juice left in the tank, he would be entering his 10th season next year and coming off several seasons of a plateau if not slight decline in his numbers.
The concern would be how many more productive seasons you could get out of Horford. Even though he would represent a shift from small-ball, his improvement from the 3-point line and his ability to shift to the center position when Marcin Gortat sits mitigates that issue.
The 26-year-old shooting guard from the Toronto Raptors has a player option for 2016-2017, but at a scheduled $9.5 million for the 2016-2017 season, he's undoubtedly opting out.
DeMar DeRozan is an interesting name on this list because he plays a position where the Washington Wizards have a talented young player in Bradley Beal. That being said, at 6'7″ DeMar DeRozan should be more than capable of swinging to the small forward position.
DeRozan is playing career best basketball averaging 22.5 points, 4.1 assists, and 4.2 rebounds per game on 54.9% TS, a career high. He is not the best fit for the Wizards based on his 3-point shooting (29.5%), but he would provide the Wizards something they sorely lack — a player who can create offense for himself without being dependent on John Wall.
He also gets to the free throw line often, averaging 8.4 attempts per game thus far this season. If the Washington Wizards swing and miss on Kevin Durant, the paradigm has to shift from best fit, to the best players with the onus on the coaches to get the talent to mesh. Depending on John Wall and a team full of players dependent on him for offense is not fair to the point guard and isn't a formula that likely has the ultimate upside of a championship trophy.
The 26-year-old find by the Miami Heat will undoubtedly be one of this summer's most pursued free agents.
The shot blocker extraordinaire made a big impression on the Washington Wizards this past weekend with Marcin Gortat calling him the “best shot blocker I've seen in nine years.”
He's helped spear a Miami defense ranked third in the NBA in defensive efficiency and 2nd in ppg allowed. Center isn't the biggest roster need but given Gortat's age (32 this February), the Wizards can't pass on the opportunity that pairing Whiteside with Wall can present if this option were to be available.
Who should the Washington Wizards pursue if their Kevin Durant pursuit doesn't go according to plan? Are any of the names intriguing? Let us know in the comments section and on Twitter (@WizofAwes).
Panasonic's range of Hospi robots are designed to take over drudge work in hospitals — toting around medicine, patients, and performing rote tasks like hair washing. Now, the company's porter bot (the Hospi type R) has been cleared for personal care duties, both in Japan and abroad. Panasonic says it's the first robot in the world to meet this particular combination of safety standards.
Hospi-R is basically a medicine cabinet on wheels, designed to move fragile or bulky medicine and equipment around a hospital. It uses a combination of cameras, Wi-Fi, and preprogrammed maps to navigate around buildings, and is capable of using elevators that have been kitted out with the right hands-free components. (Don't test it on stairs, though.) An ID security card system keeps unauthorized individuals from pilfering its contents, and it moves at a sedate (but not sluggish) one meter a second. Hospi-R has already undergone trials in Singapore, but its new safety certification could see it moving into new territories.
Legendary center Patrick Ewing recently agreed to become the associate head coach of the Charlotte Bobcats, working under new 'Cats head coach Steve Clifford, with whom Ewing served long stretches as an assistant coach with both the Houston Rockets and Orlando Magic. The decision to join Clifford's staff also means that Ewing will now (kind of) be on the same team as longtime nemesis Michael Jordan, whose Chicago Bulls waged annual battles with Ewing's New York Knicks throughout the 1990s.
Before Jordan and Ewing ever reached the professional level, though, they very nearly became teammates at the University of North Carolina ... until the Ku Klux Klan ruined the prospective future Hall-of-Fame team-up. (As the Klan so often does.)
Scroll to continue with content Ad
During a visit to Dan Patrick's nationally syndicated radio show on Thursday to discuss his gig with the Bobcats and he was to see newly minted Brooklyn Nets head coach Jason Kidd lock down an NBA head coaching job mere days after his retirement, the talk turned to Ewing's feelings about linking up with Jordan, which led the big man to discuss their missed collegiate connection.
The story begins with Ewing — then a much coveted recruit who'd played his high school ball for Cambridge Rindge & Latin School in Cambridge, Mass. — taking a trip down south to visit Chapel Hill:
Ewing: You know, I was close. I was close. North Carolina was a very good school, but when I went down there, they put me in that Carolina Inn and there was a big Ku Klux Klan rally in North Carolina when I was there. And I was like, "You know what? I'm not coming down here. I'm staying my butt back in Boston." Patrick: So the reason why you didn't go, or the main reason, is the KKK had a rally going on at the time? Ewing: Big rally, man.
Story continues
Ewing also told Patrick that found himself bugged out (nailed it, via being a professional writer) by the nighttime sounds he encountered down south:
Ewing: And you know in North Carolina, you hear all the crickets? So they had me, stuck me in that Carolina Inn, and nights down in North Carolina, it gets pitch black, and I'd hear all the crickets. And I'm jumping, and I'm like, "What the heck?" So I said, "No, no, I'm going back."
I don't have any inside information here, but I'm guessing the crickets probably weren't quite as big a sticking point for Ewing as the KKK. Just a hunch.
Ewing's revelation that he listed UNC's proximity to domestic terror conventions a "con" in his recruitment analysis comes a couple of months after another New York Knicks great and Hall of Famer, Earl "The Pearl" Monroe, shared a similar story about kiboshing a trade to the Indiana Pacers because, upon visiting Indiana, the Pacers' black players told him they carried guns for self-protection because “they got Ku Klux Klan everywhere around here outside Indianapolis and in the city, too.” Monroe's trip to Indiana took place in 1971; Ewing's visit to North Carolina took place in 1980.
While stories like Monroe's and Ewing's certainly help remind us of just how much the world has changed over the past few decades — and, regrettably, also underscore those instances in which it appears it hasn't — they also tend to lead fans' minds to interesting thought experiments and flights of fan-fiction. I mean, had there not been a KKK rally on the weekend that Ewing traveled to North Carolina, would he have committed to join up with Dean Smith's program?
Would a freshman Ewing have supplanted Sam Perkins as the go-to big man in Carolina blue? If he and Jordan had formed an unstoppable one-two punch in college, would their pro careers have unfolded any differently? If they'd become friends as teenagers, would they have tried to link up in the pros? Would John Thompson's Hoyas still become the NBA's premier big man factory, drawing recruits and producing pros like Alonzo Mourning and Dikembe Mutombo, if not for the success the school enjoyed with Ewing in the middle? How would the landscape of college hoops history be different if the '82, '84 and '85 national championship games didn't feature Ewing on the Hoyas? And so on, and so on.
As it turned out, such questions exist only in the realms of fiction and (perhaps) Earth-2-style alternate realities. As Ewing told Patrick on the radio, even if his trip to Carolina had gone smoothly, he was probably headed to D.C.:
Ewing: But you know, my first choice was Georgetown. That was my last visit. My second choice was UCLA, and that was my first visit. North Carolina was a great school and they had an outstanding coach in Dean Smith, and they had some outstanding talent. But even Dean Smith told me, "Patrick, if you're not going to come to North Carolina, you should go to Georgetown. Coach Thompson's an outstanding coach and you will learn a lot from him."
It's weird to tell someone to thank the KKK, so I won't. But Hoya fans, just be aware that your favorite school's hoops history could've unfolded very differently if not for a bunch of people being the worst.
Hat-tip to The Big Lead.
This Fire Just Started, Let's Give it a Chance!
Hey everyone, I heard a commotion here in the living room. Sounds like you guys are all freaking out about the curtains being on fire? I think you're being very unfair to a fire that has only just started. You all need to chill out and give this thing a chance.
Look, these curtains are gonna be on fire whether you piss and moan about it or not, so let's just see what kind of job the fire does, OK? I know if we had it your way the kitchen wouldn't currently be engulfed in flames, and I would've respected that. But that's just not what happened.
I'm gonna laugh when these flames make this apartment better. You'll see.
What you see as a situation escalating dangerously, I see as an exciting opportunity to address some of the things we weren't doing well as roommates. You know how there was always pizza boxes stacked up in the kitchen and we couldn't get to the toaster? Well now those boxes are on fire and all of the bread is toast now. What part of this being good for the house aren't you seeing?
Related: Fake News Must Be Stopped Unless It Supports My Wildly Inaccurate and Misinformed Beliefs
I also heard you guys talking about moving to a different apartment, and I really think you're getting ahead of yourselves. Even if the door is obstructed and our oxygen is quickly depleting, there's no reason to move. We have everything we need right here in this crumbling apartment. Remember how cold it was in here earlier today?
Plus, I personally think that it might be your complaining about the fire that started it.
I guess I can see how this looks bad if you only listen to the shit mainstream fire departments tells you. But you need to start thinking for yourself a little more. Just trust me, everything will be fine. This fire is a good thing for this house. Maybe if we're lucky after it tears our home apart in a blaze of death and destruction it'll also burn the 3 million illegal immigrants who voted for Hillary.
JERSEY CITY -- Hudson County, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, FEMA and other entities will conduct a response drill to a nuclear explosion in the New York/New Jersey area, authorities said today.
The aim of the exercise, dubbed Gotham Shield, is "to expand the ability at local and national levels to coordinate an effect a large-scale response and recovery to an event like this," FEMA spokeswoman Lauren Lefebvre said this morning.
Lefebvre said that, in general, Gotham Shield will not involve the actual deployment of emergency response equipment and personnel.
It is to be a "notional" exercise in which emergency responders respond theoretically to an unfolding nuclear event scenario in which all levels of government are in communication and playing a role.
The drill is not a response to the recent tensions between the United States and North Korea, or any international incident, since it has been in the planning stages for a year, Lefebvre said.
Gotham Shield is to begin tomorrow and run through the week. It is believed that "ground zero" for the theoretical nuclear explosion is West New York.
On Tuesday, McCabe Ambulance, of Bayonne, will set up a casualty response center at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford. At the center, some thousand imaginary victims of a nuclear incident will be triaged, decontaminated, treated for injuries including burns and transported, Mickey McCabe said this morning.
Ambulance response teams from across the state will respond to the stadium, as will helicopters and ambulance buses having the capacity to transport a total of about 400 patients. The EMS response center will operate form about 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. and during that time, inter-agency communications will be used and tested, McCabe said.
North Hudson Regional Fire and Rescue has been coordinating with Palisades Medical Center in preparation for the exercise and will be working closely with the hospital during the drill.
The fire department will set up virtual decontamination tents and use other virtual resources at its disposal during drill mimicking detonation of a nuclear device, NHRFR Chief Frank Montagne said this morning.
"It's important to see our capabilities and see how far our operations go," the chief said, adding that "We are hopeful that it will never happen, but we have to be prepared."
Goldenvoice has added yet another music festival to the calendar. The inaugural Arroyo Seco Weekend lineup dropped and will be headlined by Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers as well as Mumford & Sons.
The festival takes place June 24 and June 25 at the Brookside Golf Course in Pasadena, Calif. The festival will feature three stages, with curated menus from LA's celebrated restaurants and chefs, plus craft beer and wine. Free day parking will be available at the festival and access will be easy to Arroyo Seco Weekend via the Metro Gold Line.
General admission two-day passes will cost $225.00, with single-day tickets priced at $125.00. Tickets go on sale Monday, March 20 at 11 AM Pacific Time.
The bill also includes Alabama Shakes, Weezer, The Shins, The Meters, Dawes, LIVE, Fitz & The Tantrums, Andrew Bird, Broken Social Scene, Charles Bradley & His Extraordinaires, and more!
There are a lot of interesting bookings on this bill. The Shins were noticeably left off Coachella after reports had them pushing their album release to coincide with the April fest. Funk pioneers The Meters aren't on any festival bills. '90s rock reformation act LIVE are only playing a handful of festivals (including BottleRock Napa). Shit, they even booked Jeff Goldblum — as in THE Jeff Goldblum — as Jeff Goldblum and the Mildred Snitzer Orchestra. Goldblum famously plays gigs with this band at the Rockwell.
The last major festival to be held in Pasadena was Air + Style's inaugural year back in 2015. The festival didn't go off very well, as noise ordinances caused for the main stage to be very low volume, making Diplo's set rough to hear. Headliner Kendrick Lamar walked off the stage after only a half hour because they wouldn't turn up the sound for him. Publicists for Arroyo Seco Weekend assured me that the noise ordinance issues in Pasadena were addressed for their festival, which is awesome news.
Noticeably absent from this bill is any sort of electronic music. It's all rock and folk rock, which is a nice change-of-pace from the current festival landscape.
View the full Arroyo Seco Weekend lineup below!
When a new home for the American Folk Art Museum opened on West 53d Street in Manhattan in 2001 it was hailed as a harbinger of hope for the city after the Sept. 11 attacks and praised for its bold architecture.
“Its heart is in the right time as well as the right place,” Herbert Muschamp wrote in his architecture review in The New York Times, calling the museum's sculptural bronze facade “already a Midtown icon.”
Now, a mere 12 years later, the building is going to be demolished.
In its place the adjacent Museum of Modern Art, which bought the building in 2011, will put up an expansion, which will connect to a new tower with floors for the Modern on the other side of the former museum. And the folk museum building, designed by Tod Williams and Billie Tsien, will take a dubious place in history as having had one of the shortest lives of an architecturally ambitious project in Manhattan.
“It's very rare that a building that recent comes down, especially a building that was such a major design and that got so much publicity when it opened for its design — mostly very positive,” said Andrew S. Dolkart, the director of Columbia University's historic preservation program. “The building is so solid looking on the street, and then it becomes a disposable artifact. It's unusual and it's tragic because it's a notable work of 21st century architecture by noteworthy architects who haven't done that much work in the city, and it's a beautiful work with the look of a handcrafted facade.”
Modern History Sourcebook:
Women Miners in the English Coal Pits
From Great Britain, Parliamentary Papers, 1842, Vol XVI, pp. 24, 196.
In England, exclusive of Wales, it is only in some of the colliery districts of Yorkshire and Lancashire that female Children of tender age and young and adult women are allowed to descend into the coal mines and regularly to perform the same kinds of underground work, and to work for the same number of hours, as boys and men; but in the East of Scotland their employment in the pits is general; and in South Wales it is not uncommon.
West Riding of Yorkshire: Southern Part - In many of the collieries in this district, as far as relates to the underground employment, there is no distinction of sex, but the labour is distributed indifferently among both sexes, except that it is comparatively rare for the women to hew or get the coals, although there are numerous instances in which they regularly perform even this work. In great numbers of the coalpits in this district the men work in a state of perfect nakedness, and are in this state assisted in their labour by females of all ages, from girls of six years old to women of twenty-one, these females being themselves quite naked down to the waist.
"Girls," says the Sub-Commissioner [J. C. Symons], -regularly perform all the various offices of trapping, hurrying [Yorkshire terms for drawing the loaded coal corves], filling, riddling, tipping, and occasionally getting, just as they are performed by boys. One of the most disgusting sights 1 have ever seen was that of young females, dressed like boys in trousers, crawling on all fours, with belts round their waists and chains passing between their legs, at day pits at Hunshelf Bank, and in many small pits near Holmfirth and New Mills: it exists also in several other places. 1 visited the Hunshelf Colliery on the 18th of January: it is a day pit; that is, there is no shaft or descent; the gate or entrance is at the side of a bank, and nearly horizontal. The gate was not more than a yard high, and in some places not above 2 feet.
" When I arrived at the board or workings of the pit I found at one of the sideboards down a narrow passage a girl of fourteen years of age in boy's clothes, picking down the coal with the regular pick used by the men. She was half sitting half lying at her work, and said she found it tired her very much, and 'of course she didn't like it.' The place where she was at work was not 2 feet high. Further on were men lying on their sides and getting. No less than six girls out of eighteen men and children are employed in this pit.
"Whilst I was in the pit the Rev Mr Bruce, of Wadsley, and the Rev Mr Nelson, of Rotherham, who accompanied me, and remained outside, saw another girl of ten years of age, also dressed in boy's clothes, who was employed in hurrying, and these gentlemen saw her at work. She was a nice-looking little child, but of course as black as a tinker, and with a little necklace round her throat.
"In two other pits in the Huddersfield Union I have seen the same sight. In one near New Mills, the chain, passing high up between the legs of two of these girls, had worn large holes in their trousers; and any sight more disgustingly indecent or revolting can scarcely be imagined than these girls at work-no brothel can beat it.
"On descending Messrs Hopwood's pit at Barnsley, I found assembled round a fire a group of men, boys, and girls, some of whom were of the age of puberty; the girls as well as the boys stark naked down to the waist, their hair bound up with a tight cap, and trousers supported by their hips. (At Silkstone and at Flockton they work in their shifts and trousers.) Their sex was recognizable only by their breasts, and some little difficulty occasionally arose in pointing out to me which were girls and which were boys, and which caused a good deal of laughing and joking. In the Flockton and Thornhill pits the system is even more indecent: for though the girls are clothed, at least three-fourths of the men for whom they "hurry" work stark naked, or with a flannel waistcoat only, and in this state they assist one another to fill the corves 18 or 20 times a day: I have seen this done myself frequently.
"When it is remembered that these girls hurry chiefly for men who are not their parents; that they go from 15 to 20 times a day into a dark chamber (the bank face), which is often 50 yards apart from any one, to a man working naked, or next to naked, it is not to be supposed but that where opportunity thus prevails sexual vices are of common occurrence. Add to this the free intercourse, and the rendezvous at the shaft or bullstake, where the corves are brought, and consider the language to which the young ear is habituated, the absence of religious instruction, and the early age at which contamination begins, and you will have before you, in the coal-pits where females are employed, the picture of a nursery for juvenile vice which you will go far and we above ground to equal."
Two Women Miners
From Great Britain, Parliamentary Papers, 1842, Vol. XV, p. 84, and ibid., Vol. XVII, p. 108.
Betty Harris, age 37: I was married at 23, and went into a colliery when I was married. I used to weave when about 12 years old; can neither read nor write. I work for Andrew Knowles, of Little Bolton (Lancs), and make sometimes 7s a week, sometimes not so much. I am a drawer, and work from 6 in the morning to 6 at night. Stop about an hour at noon to eat my dinner; have bread and butter for dinner; I get no drink. I have two children, but they are too young to work. I worked at drawing when I was in the family way. I know a woman who has gone home and washed herself, taken to her bed, delivered of a child, and gone to work again under the week.
I have a belt round my waist, and a chain passing between my legs, and I go on my hands and feet. The road is very steep, and we have to hold by a rope; and when there is no rope, by anything we can catch hold of. There are six women and about six boys and girls in the pit I work in; it is very hard work for a woman. The pit is very wet where I work, and the water comes over our clog-tops always, and I have seen it up to my thighs; it rains in at the roof terribly. My clothes are wet through almost all day long. I never was ill in my life, but when I was lying in.
My cousin looks after my children in the day time. I am very tired when I get home at night; I fall asleep sometimes before I get washed. I am not so strong as I was, and cannot stand my work so well as I used to. I have drawn till I have bathed skin off me; the belt and chain is worse when we are in the family way. My feller (husband) has beaten me many a time for not being ready. I was not used to it at first, and he had little patience.
I have known many a man beat his drawer. I have known men take liberties with the drawers, and some of the women have bastards.
Patience Kershaw, age 17, Halifax: I go to pit at 5 o'clock in the morning and come out at 5 in the evening; I get my breakfast, porridge and milk, first; I take my dinner with me, a cake, and eat it as I go; I do not stop or rest at any time for the purpose, I get nothing else until I get home, and then have potatoes and meat, not every day meat.
A new privacy-conscious file-sharing service is aiming to bring the power of BitCoin and BitTorrent together in one neat package, with some added extras. Offering high-speed remote transfers, BitFetch keeps BitTorrent users anonymous and helps them cut through ISP-imposed throttling measures with secure HTTPs downloads. Usually powered by BitCoin, there's a free trial for all TorrentFreak readers today.
There are all kinds of entities looking to clamp down on people using BitTorrent these days. In addition to entertainment companies and copyright trolls, some ISPs promising “unlimited” packages still feel the need to throttle, interrupt or otherwise hinder the world's favorite file-sharing protocol.
As a result, more and more solutions are coming to market that aim to give freedom back to file-sharers while increasing performance and anonymity.
With their own unique skill sets the popularity of seedboxes and VPNs has grown tremendously in recent years, but for those with slightly different needs there are alternatives. Today we take a look at a new service which aims to offer performance, security and convenience, backed up by the anonymity of BitCoin.
BitFetch is a remote BitTorrent downloading service operating entirely within any browser with no torrent client needed. Since it also has its own search engine there is no need to visit a torrent site either, meaning that blocked sites are a thing of the past.
“I created BitFetch as an alternative to BitcoinTorrentz, since its owner went MIA since October and the site was down most of the time,” the owner of BitFetch told TorrentFreak.
The BitFetch interface is clean with a single box requesting one of three types of input.
The first option is simply to enter a search term. We chose TPB AFK and were greeted with 13 short pages of results, conveniently ordered by number of seeds.
Users who already have a magnet link in their clipboard can simply paste it into BitFetch. Equally, those who have a torrent file on their computer can upload it using the same tools.
When ‘fetch' is clicked BitFetch joins the torrent swarm in question and grabs the files requested by the user and stores them on its own servers. Since users of BitFetch never enter the BitTorrent swarm, privacy is never comprised. This part of the process was so quick on the 974MB file we chose that we had no time to take a screenshot.
Once the files are stored by BitFetch it's simply a case of transferring them to the host PC. Clicking download brings up a box which allows the user to have all files compressed into a convenient single ZIP file download. Alternatively any of the files from the original torrent can be selected to avoid downloading files that aren't needed.
We opted to ZIP which took a few seconds and after choosing a hard drive location the subsequent download was on its way. The beauty here are that downloads take place over HTTPs which unlike BitTorrent is not regularly throttled by ISPs and is encrypted by default.
Just like any decent seedbox or VPN service, BitFetch costs money to use. Don't let that put you off though. All TorrentFreak readers can test the service out for free – we'll tell you how to access that in a moment. Second, BitFetch wants its users to stay as anonymous as possible and to this end only accepts payment in BitCoins.
“I always thought it was a great idea to take advantage of the instant nature, non-existent fees and pseudoanonymity of Bitcoin for services like this, especially in this day and age where governments and ISPs are the puppets of copyright groups,” BitFetch explains.
“I think that in the coming years BitCoin is going to become absolutely huge. People are slowly waking up to the fact that fiat currencies are a joke and Bitcoin actually puts the power back into their hands.”
Since we're on the subject of privacy it makes sense to outline what information BitFetch stores on its users. The information is limited to an account token, total bytes downloaded, total BitCoin deposited and last date using the service. Torrent hashes are tied to account tokens only while transfers take place and are deleted once complete. No IP addresses, browser headers, BitCoin sending addresses or other data is saved.
TorrentFreak readers can test the BitFetch service completely free of charge by following this link. It's limited to 2GB per person for the 24 hours following the publication of this article with no limits on the number of torrents fetched.
After this period users will have to top up with BitCoins. It's a pay-as-you-go system which means that no credits are wasted at the end of a month as is the case with subscription packages.
Update: For those who are concerned about BitTorrent etiquette, BitFetch's owner clarifies that all files are properly seeded. “Bitfetch tries to keep a ratio above 1. In fact, in the last 2 months the average ratio has been 1.62 (total BT bytes out / total BT bytes in),” he writes.
The Spot scheme is a common pass game concept run at the high school level all the way up to the NFL. It is also referred to as “Snag”, and is known for its simplicity and ability to create both a horizontal and vertical stretch. Like the Stick Concept, Spot is a half field “Triangle” read. This scheme features a flat route as a horizontal stretch, a deep corner or 7 route as a vertical stretch, and the Spot/Snag route coming underneath at about 5 yards and settling in an open zone. Against man, the Spot route should work back toward the sideline if it is initially covered. The Spot route is also commonly referred to as a slant settle or a mini-curl, and is an easy completion and chain mover against zone. The Concept can be run from a variety of formations, and with or without motion. Additionally, offenses can change up which Receiver will run each route; this dictates how a QB will read the play. Generally, the Quarterback's progression is flat to spot to corner. Below, the Patriots run the Spot Concept from a Bunch Trips set on the top of the screen, with a closed TE to the bottom:
The Bills are playing Cover 1. Against man defensive schemes, the spot route is tough to complete and can be jammed at the line. The flat route is easier to complete because several receivers cross each other, creating traffic. The deep corner route is toughest to defend man to man. The most common way to run the Spot concept is to have either the middle or inside receiver run the corner. However, there are several advantages to having the outside most receiver run the corner: first, the outside receiver can get to the deep third of the field quickest; and second, an outside corner back rarely plays a 7-route going toward the sideline. After recognizing that the defense is in Cover 1, it becomes a simple high low read between the flat route and the deep corner. The outside receiver (LaFell) takes an inside release, stacks the defensive back, and beats him to the corner:
Against Cover 3 zone, the Quarterback should read the flat and throw opposite of the flat defender. Against Cover 2 zone, the QB should still read the flat defender, but should also peak the corner route if the 2-high safety has poor leverage. Below are two examples of the Spot Concept against the Colts during the 2014 season. Note how the Broncos run the Spot Concept from a heavy set using motion:
Here, the flat defender (noted in the blue square above) is sucked in by the spot route, opening up the flat:
Later in the season, the Steelers use the same concept against the Colts from a heavy bunch set, with 3 TE/FB types making up the bunch. When the flat defender expands, the spot should open up underneath for an easy 5 yard completion:
The Spot Concept can be executed in almost any type of offense from numerous formations and personnel groupings. This and the fact that it is a relatively easy progression triangle read makes the Spot Concept a staple in many offenses. Finally, keep in mind that there is usually a single backside receiver opposite the Spot Concept who can run any route as well. Below are other ways to run the Spot Concept:
From Pro Personnel:
With an offset back, (particularly from shotgun) some Quarterbacks prefer the running back on a “wide” track as opposed to the traditional flat route because the ‘wide' flare does not push coverage back into the intermediate level. Instead, a wide path provides a faster horizontal stretch threat and an easier throw to the ‘wide' as a hot route. This “wide” track is exemplified below:
For another look, below is a more spread out bunch set:
Below, the Broncos run the Spot Concept at the bottom of the screen from an empty formation. A bubble route provides for the horizontal stretch instead of the traditional flat route:
Finally, the Spot Concept is a great red zone play because of the dilemma it creates. Playing zone makes a defense more susceptible to the run but also creates an easy window to hit the spot route. On the other hand, man to man creates confusion, traffic, and natural screens:
The Spot Concept wasn't just limited to offense during the 2014 season. NFL teams even use the spot concept for fake punts! Below, the St. Louis Rams picked up a key first down against Seattle in the 4th quarter via motion and the Spot Concept:
Overall, the Spot Concept is simple to execute and extremely versatile with respect to formations and personnel groupings. It is a half field triangle read with a set progression that often results in easy completions. As seen above, it can be used via heavy sets, bunch, spread formations and in almost any situation: on your own goal line to gain a few yards, from the middle of the field to gain 5 yards on 1st or 3rd down, to make a big play, or in the red zone.
(Visited 9,752 times, 13 visits today)
TRENTON — Roy Cho, the Democratic candidate who's presenting a tough challenge to Republican U.S. Rep. Scott Garrett, says he moved into the congressional district in the summer of 2012.
But records show he cast a vote from Manalapan, 52 miles to the south, in November, 2012 — more than two months after his campaign said he moved to Hackensack, in the 5th Congressional District.
“Roy Cho says he moved to Hackensack in the summer of 2012. So why then did he vote in Manalapan in November 2012?” said Garrett spokeswoman Maggie Seidel. “Either Roy Cho is lying about his residency in the Fifth District or he's acted illegally by committing voter fraud — or both.”
The records, provided by Garrett's campaign, show Cho registered to vote in Hackensack in April of 2013 and began voting in the city's May 2013 municipal elections.
Cho's 2012 vote in Manalapan, where he grew up and his parents live, was his first vote in New Jersey since 2009. Between 2010 and 2012, the 33-year-old Cho lived in New York City, where he worked as a corporate lawyer. All of his previous votes were made in Manalapan as well.
Under New Jersey law, it's a second degree crime to cast ballots that are “known by the person to be materially false, fictitious or fraudulent.” A Middlesex County judge, Spencer Robbins, resigned in March after he was charged with voting twice in Woodbridge while living in Chatham.
Derek Roseman, a spokesman for Cho, said the candidate never broke the law.
“In the days after Hurricane Sandy devastated New Jersey and Scott Garrett was twiddling his thumbs in Washington while other representatives took the lead to rush relief aid to our state, Roy exercised his Constitutionally protected right to vote in an important election, and the allegation that he did something wrong in doing so is false,” Roseman said.
Roseman said Cho still considered Manalapan his main home even when he lived in New York City, and it was not until early 2013 that he "felt he was a comfortable place to name Hackensack as his official home," even though his Hackesack lease was dated Sept. 1 2012. Roseman said Cho also paid his taxes in Manalapan in 2012. In 2013, in addition to changing his voter registration to Hackensack, Cho filed his taxes from there and switched his driver's license address to the city.
"This is just another desperate attempt by Scott Garrett, who has already lost his credibility after lying about his actions after Sandy, to try to distract voters from his extreme Tea Party record over the past 12 years," Roseman said. "His widely discredited campaign is grasping at a quickly diminishing number of straws as it rapidly loses support from voters."
A Monmouth University poll last week showed Garrett, a 12-year incumbent and New Jersey's most conservative congressman, leading Cho by a surprisingly close five-point margin, 48 percent to 43 percent.
Garrett has also been critical of Cho for not voting in several elections. The records show, for instance, that Cho did not vote in last year's special October election for U.S. Senate.
Matt Friedman may be reached at mfriedman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattFriedmanSL. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
There's something unnatural about wildly successful people who decide that, actually, they prefer to be anonymous after all. What kind of person chooses to forfeit the rewards of fame: the praise, the power, the prestige? We might say we admire them for eschewing the worldly, but there's an edge of resentment to our fascination too. It goes against human nature.
In poetry, the most famous example of such a retreat is Arthur Rimbaud, who quit writing at 21 after five years of blazing innovation and productivity. Rimbaud spent the rest of his short life traveling, and he became one of the first Europeans to visit Ethiopia. His letters show him apparently consumed with his work as a trader. Critics call his abrupt abandonment of his gift “le silence de Rimbaud.”
Related: Artificial Art
By Peter Orr
A conversation with Rosemary Tonks. By Peter Orr
Decades later, a London poet named Rosemary Tonks would name Rimbaud as one of her main influences. If she was not quite the scandalous sensation of her forebear, she was nonetheless respected, and she ran with a bohemian crowd. Tonks published two collections of poetry in the 1960s, along with six novels and frequent reviews. Philip Larkin corresponded with her and anthologized her. Critics took her seriously; Cyril Connolly praised the “unexpected power” of her “hard-faceted yet musical poems.” And then, quite suddenly, she disappeared.
Tonks died in April 2014, at the age of 85. Now the British publisher Bloodaxe Books has issued Bedouin of the London Evening, a slim collection that features all of Tonks's published poetry, selections of her prose, and an introduction by Bloodaxe publisher Neil Astley, who has become her champion. Though Tonks has been frequently anthologized, much of her poetry has not been available since the 1970s; all her books fell out of print. The poet that emerges in the pages of the new collection is somehow aloof and fragile, tough and sensual. And her long self-exile casts her writing in an almost eerie light. What was Rosemary Tonks running from, and how far away did she really get?
•
Rosemary Tonks was born in 1928 in Gillingham, in southeast England. Her father was an engineer who died of complications from malaria in Nigeria before she was born; her mother was “unable to cope,” to use Astley's term. Tonks, an only child with eyesight problems, grew up in children's homes and then boarding school. Later she spent time in Lagos with her mother, who had remarried. Her stepfather, too, would die in Nigeria.
Tonks was back in London at age 18, “very poor, and beginning to read Joyce and Baudelaire.” She also began hanging around clubs such as the Mandrake, a dark jazz joint in Soho. Her first book, On Wooden Wings: The Adventures of Webster, a children's book that she also illustrated, was published in 1948. The next year, at 20, she married Michael “Micky” Lightband, an engineer like her father. His job took the young couple to India and Pakistan. In Karachi Rosemary contracted polio, which left her with a withered right hand. She returned to England and then traveled alone to Paris, covering her hand with a smart black glove. “In illness you want to be alone,” she told an interviewer later, foreshadowing the final decades of her life.
Back together in London, the couple settled in the stylish neighborhood of Downshire Hill, Hampstead, just around the corner from the aristocratic poet and critic Dame Edith Sitwell. Tonks was a vivacious hostess; her cousin told Astley, “She effervesced and often held a dinner table spellbound.”
Meanwhile, she was writing. Between 1963 and 1972, she wrote six satirical novels, which seem to have been generally well reviewed; the Times Literary Supplement described one of them as “the product of a highly individual imagination which is yet unmistakably in touch with its time.”
A friend from the time described Tonks as something like a prophet: “Surrounded by the voices of conventional wisdom, she manifested the loner's stare into, and the need to speak of, the indescribable future before it was too late.” But she wore this quality uneasily. She told interviewer Peter Orr in 1963: “I think it is diabolical, this getting of a poet out of his or her back room and the making of them into public figures who have to give opinions every twenty seconds.”
Tonks's first poetry collection, Notes on Cafés and Bedrooms, was published in 1963; her second and final one, Iliad of Broken Sentences, in 1967. She interweaves images of her years in Asia and Africa with snapshots of bohemian London: desert oases and mirages, jazz and cocktails. True to the first collection's title, the poems carry a mood of chic urban dissipation. “For my fierce hot-blooded sulkiness / I need the café,” she asserts in the opening of “Diary of a Rebel.” In “The Sofas, Fogs and Cinemas,” the narrator complains wryly about a faux intellectual rambling on about opera and the “international situation”: He “digs himself into the sofa. / He stays there up to two hours in the hole—and talks.” Across the two books, lovers meet at dusk, flaneurs wander dusty streets, and conversations last all night.
In “Addiction to an Old Mattress,” the narrator's imagination carries her from a dreary February in England to restorative warmth:
Salt breezes! Bolsters from Istanbul!
Barometers, full of contempt, controlling moody isobars.
Sumptuous tittle-tattle from a summer crowd
That's fed on lemonades and matinees.
Though she's stuck among the “potatoes, dentists, people I hardly know,” she describes herself as “powerful, disobedient.” But there is also a strong undercurrent of pain, exhaustion, fear, boredom, and real disillusionment in many of these poems. For a poet of “the modern metropolis,” as she once admiringly referred to Rimbaud, Tonks seems distinctly uneasy there. In “Story of a Hotel Room,” for example, a casual tryst proves emotionally dangerous:
Londoner, Parisian, someone should have warned us
That without permanent intentions
You have absolutely no protection
In “Bedouin of the London Evening,” which lends the new collection its name, the poet concludes:
I have been young too long, and in a dressing-gown
My private modern life has gone to waste.
If you know where this is heading—well, you can see where this is heading.
Tonks's mother died suddenly in 1968, and then her marriage collapsed. She spent the rest of her life searching for spiritual succor. Over the course of the next decade, Astley reports, she attended spiritualist meetings, sought out an American yoga guru, sat before Sufi “seekers,” and consulted mediums, the latter approach one that had been favored by her mother. She stopped writing for publication. In 1977 she was involved in meditation and eye exercises that involved staring for hours at a wall, crossing her eyes, and staring at bright objects. On December 31 of that year, she underwent emergency surgery for detached retinas in both eyes, which left her almost blind for the next several years.
Tonks's last published work, a poignant essay that psychologized the risqué French novelist Colette, appeared in the New York Review of Books in 1974. “In the material world, it is extremely useful to become lucky before you can become unlucky,” Tonks wrote. “Your contemporaries get into the habit of liking you: and you are able to retain your daring.” (The essay is reprinted in the new collection.)
In 1980 Tonks moved from London to Bournemouth, a resort town where her aunt lived. There she finally developed the spiritual habit that would sustain her for the rest of her life: reading the Bible, which she called her “complete manual.”
Bit by bit, Tonks stripped herself of her old possessions, connections, and customs. She sold her house in London and refused to respond to letters from friends, family, and publishers. To break herself of her reliance on sleeping pills, she shaved off a bit more of each tablet with a razor blade every day until she could go without them altogether.
Most dramatically, she gathered her significant collection of Asian artifacts and set fire to them in her garden. It had been a tremendous collection, enough to fill five suitcases: masks, bronzes, Tang and Sung figurines, pieces of porcelain and jade and mother-of-pearl. To her, they were all “graven images.” Tonks spent days hammering the charred remnants down to “dog-biscuit size” pieces. When she was done, she burned the manuscript of her last unpublished novel.
On October 17, 1981, Tonks was baptized near the River Jordan. The next day was her 53rd birthday. It was a “second birth.” She lived the rest of her life in Bournemouth as Rosemary Lightband, her married name, and one almost Dickensian in its allusion to her life as a convert. She saw signs everywhere; loneliness was caused by Satan's influence, while a favorite string quartet on the radio or the sound of soft bird-calls was sent by God to comfort her.
Writing about the last decades of Tonks's life carries the risk of romanticizing a likely mental illness. But dismissing her newfound faith and purpose as the mere result of a chemical imbalance seems just as wrong. She lived for decades after her “second birth,” and although she was often depressed and avoided talking to other people as much as possible, Astley makes clear she was functional. In the first few years of her new life, she bicycled around the country looking for a church to attend. She spent time in libraries, parks, and cafés, and in her later years became a regular at the Piccadilly Hotel; a friend she made there described her to Astley as kind and quick to laugh. She kept coherent notebooks well into her 80s.
After her death, Tonks's family allowed Astley to collect and publish her work—“not without much hesitation and careful consideration,” he writes. Tonks had rebuffed his attempts to contact her in life; after her death he learned that she had reportedly referred to him as “Satan” in her diary. But her will, completed years into her second life, did not forbid republication of her old work.
As Astley describes it, the new Tonks had “rejected not just her own books, but all books apart from the Bible.” She preferred the Tyndale Bible, the first English translation, or the later King James Bible as a last resort. She was known locally for passing out Bibles outside various churches. Beginning in the mid-1990s, she traveled on many weekends to Speakers' Corner in London, to hand out free translations to passersby. She was no longer a “speaker” herself, and she wasn't handing out modern poetry. But her actions suggest that even in her new life, with a new name and a new purpose, the onetime disciple of Rimbaud never stopped understanding the power of words on paper.
About
Galvatron's Revenge is a 3D animated fan based project. We're looking to mimic the syle, feel, and excitment the Transformers Prime universe started. Our story will continue to progress along the awesome story line, bring new characters to the mix, and create new plot twist that will have everyone on the edge of their seats. Action and adventure mixed with a great sotry is sure to have everyone wanting a sequel
Note: There is NO INTENT to sell Transfomers or any of the characters found within the Transformers universe. All rights are reserved to Hasbro. This project is simply out of love as artists and for the transformers characters. There is absolutely NO INTENSION of make money off of this project the transformers brand or it's characters. Any and all funding will go to obtain software, hardware, and talent to complete the project
Email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser.
Today we're thrilled to introduce a new fabric called Performance Knit . It's our most colorful fabric yet!
As a member of the Spoonflower community, we want to offer you the chance to order a free custom-printed swatch of the new fabric. The offer is good for the next 24 hours, through noon EST on Thursday, September 5th, 2013. Feel free to choose any design you like for your free swatch, either your own design or one of the many amazing prints from the Spoonflower Marketplace.
To take advantage of the free swatch offer, add an 8" x 8" swatch of the new Performance Knit to your shopping cart and, at checkout, enter the offer code PKSWATCH. If the swatch is the only item in your cart, both the fabric and the shipping will be free, so the cart will show a balance due of $0. Unless there is another item in your cart, you will not be asked to enter a credit card number or other payment information. The free shipping offer applies to standard shipping only.
Detailed Step-By-Step Instructions For Free Swatches
1. Make sure you are logged into your Spoonflower account. If you can't remember the login information, use the "Forgotten your password?" link on the login page.
2. Choose any design for your free swatch. You can use a design in your own account, or a marketplace design.
3. Add a swatch of the design on Performance Knit to your cart. The offer does not apply to other fabric sizes.
4. On the cart page, enter the code PKSWATCH into the offer code field at the righthand side of the column on the checkout page. After entering the code and hitting the Apply button, both the swatch and the standard shipping should be free.
5. Enter your shipping information and complete the checkout process. As long as you have no other items in your shopping cart, checkout should not require you enter credit card or any other information. Free swatch shipping is free for everyone, including international customers.
Please note the limitations of this promotion:
You must be logged in to your Spoonflower account before adding the swatch to your cart in order to take advantage of the promotional code. Offer is limited to a single free swatch per customer. Offer applies only to a swatch of Performance Knit, not to any other fabric. The promotion cannot be used by individuals who are not registered community members as of September 3rd, 2013. If you're having trouble taking advantage of the promotion, our customer service team may be able to help you, so please don't hesitate to contact us.
Thank you very much for being a Spoonflower customer! We hope you love this new fabric as much as we do.
Cheers,
Stephen Fraser
Spoonflower co-founder
GET A FREE SWATCH As a registered member of the Spoonflower community, get a free swatch of the design of your choice between now and noon (EST), September 5th, 2013.
Use code PKSWATCH. Order Your Swatch
Cleveland Police Officer On Trial In Deaths Of 2 Unarmed Black Suspects
In 2012, a late-night, high-speed chase ended with police officers shooting 137 bullets at two black suspects, who were unarmed. The incident prompted a scathing report from the Justice Department.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Here at home, a Cleveland police officer is on trial for two counts of voluntary man slaughter. This stems from a late-night, high-speed car chase that ended with police shooting 137 bullets at two black suspects. This prompted a scathing report from the Justice Department. But it hasn't been in the news lately like other high-profile police shootings. This incident happened more than two years ago. Annie Wu, of member station WCPN, reports.
ANNIE WU, BYLINE: It was around 10:30 at night on November 29, 2012 that Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams's car raced by two police officers in downtown Cleveland. They were already fleeing an earlier traffic stop. As they passed, police heard what they believed were gunshots coming from the car.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED POLICE OFFICER #1: Shots fired out of the vehicle I was confronting with mobile support - popped a round right as he drove by us.
WU: Police inaccurately described the suspects as two armed, black males in a blue Chevy. Officers gave chase - lots of officers, one after another in as many as 62 police cars from five different jurisdictions across 19 miles, ending in a middle school parking lot. Then, the shooting began.
(SOUNDBITE OF GUNSHOTS)
WU: It took about 20 seconds for 13 police officers, 12 white and one Hispanic, to fire a barrage of 137 bullets, killing Russell and Williams. Toxicology reports showed both had drugs in their systems. No gun was found in the Chevy or along the chase route. State investigators believe the initial gunshot sound was Russell's 1979 Malibu backfiring. They also determined that shots hitting police cars came from friendly fire after officers inadvertently formed a semicircle around the Chevy.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MICHAEL BRELO: And I just couldn't understand why the suspects were moving and still shooting at us.
WU: That's Officer Michael Brelo, who's on trial for the shooting. In an interview with investigators soon afterward, a visibly distraught Brelo described his actions that night.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
BRELO: I just felt that if - at least if I had some elevation, I could shoot into the suspect's vehicle and try to stop the threat.
WU: Brelo found elevation by crouching on the trunk of another police car. But investigators also found his footprints on the hood of Russell's car. County prosecutors say Brelo fired 49 shots in all, 15 at the very end, as he stood above Russell and Williams after most other police officers had stopped shooting. That, they argue, is when he committed a crime. Brelo is the only officer being charged. In opening arguments earlier this month, prosecutor Rick Bell said Brelo fired the fatal final shots.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
RICK BELL: He fired and reloaded, fired and reloaded, almost emptying the third magazine.
WU: At question is whether Brelo's shots killed the suspects. Experts say Russell and Williams were shot from above, but investigators with Ohio's Bureau of Criminal Investigations, or BCI, were only able to match shell casings, not bullets, with each gun. And then there's the problem of witnesses. While there's some audio of the shooting, there's no video. And three officers involved are refusing to testify, invoking their right against self-incrimination. In a courtroom outburst last week, County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty expressed frustration with what he calls the blue wall.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TIMOTHY MCGINTY: They knew what happened that night. Those 20 officers knew what was going on, and they didn't tell Detective Holcomb. They didn't tell the BCI. That's why we've gone to these extremes.
WU: Michael Brelo waived his right to a jury trial. So it falls on Judge John O'Donnell to decide if Brelo's use of force was unreasonable and if he caused Russell and Williams's deaths. Case Western Reserve University law professor Michael Benza says a bench trial gives the defense a tactical advantage.
MICHAEL BENZA: There's a little bit more trust in judges to say the judge knows the law. The judge is going to follow the law. And the judge is going to do what the law says - even if the judge doesn't like it.
WU: For all the legal issues being argued in the trial about bullet casings and police procedures, one issue that hasn't come into play much at all is race. Officer Brelo is white. Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams were black.
(SOUNDBITE OF PROTEST)
UNIDENTIFIED PROTESTER #1: Black life has value.
UNIDENTIFIED PROTESTER #2: Yes.
UNIDENTIFIED PROTESTER #1: Black life has value, amen?
WU: When the shooting first occurred, there were community meetings and small demonstrations. But the outcry didn't last long. And so far, race hasn't been a factor in the trial. What has been a factor behind the scenes is the unwritten alliance between prosecutors and police. By putting law enforcement on trial, this case damages a long-standing bond. This week, the prosecution wrapped up its arguments and defense lawyers immediately moved to have the case dismissed. If it isn't, it's unclear whether Brelo will take the stand. That's because he told investigators he has no memory of standing on top of the Malibu and shooting into the windshield. For NPR News, I'm Annie Wu in Cleveland.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Totally insane-looking—and probably not practicable footwear—tentacle high-heeled shoes made by fashion designer, costume designer and shoe designer Kermit Tesoro. I can't imagine walking in these. Hell, I can't even walk in heels to begin with!
I just checked out Kermit Tesoro's Facebook page to see if he had any other equally freaky high-heeled designs and it looks like he's also got a Venus flytrap shoe. Why not? Again, probably totally impractical unless you're Lady Gaga or a Japanese porn star. Why can't someone just make sensible shoes that look like alien creatures eating your feet?
“EQUILIBRIA” by Kermit Tesoro (2016)
All images via Kermit Tesoro on Facebook
Previously on Dangerous Minds:
Amazingly detailed octopus coffee table
Cthulhu Priestess: ‘Our Lady of Squid' figurine
Dainty teacups filled with Cthulhu and other eldritch creatures
Feed your fictional cosmic entity fetish with these leather ‘Cthulhu' masks
H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu gets the anime treatment
Raise a glass to Cthulhu at the Lovecraft Bar
HOUSTON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When FBI agents arrested Bahram Mechanic in April last year, prosecutors described the Houston-based Iranian-American entrepreneur as an illegal purchasing agent for Iran's military and a threat to national security.
Bahram Mechanic leaves Federal Detention Center Houston in Houston, Texas January 17, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Kramer
When the 69-year-old walked out of a Houston detention center on Sunday before dawn, it was with a pardon from President Barack Obama that was negotiated secretly with Iran over months in exchange for the release of four Americans.
The reversal of fortune for Mechanic and six other Iranian men who received clemency in a deal accompanying the lifting of international sanctions on Iran underscores how quickly assumptions about U.S. relations with Tehran have shifted.
The historic swap was marked by uncertainty, concern on both sides over public perceptions and lingering mistrust between Washington and Tehran, according to administration officials and lawyers for six of the Iranians.
The Obama administration required the men to give up the right to profit from any book or movie based on the pardons and give up any legal claims against the United States, the terms of the decrees show.
The Iranians, meanwhile, asked Mechanic - who was among six of the men with dual nationality - to consider taking a trip home as a show of gratitude to the government that had lobbied for his release, according to Mechanic's lawyer Joel Androphy.
The men's lawyers say Obama's actions vindicate an argument they made in court. Mechanic and others, they say, were never a threat; rather, they say, they were immigrant self-starters who were caught up in enforcement of the most sweeping U.S. trade ban.
Obama has credited the sanctions program - and its tight enforcement - for crippling Iran's economy and forcing it to accept curbs on its nuclear program. A broad U.S. embargo against Iran remains in place, and on Sunday the United States imposed further sanctions targeting Iran's ballistic missile program.
Lawyers for the Iranians, all but one of whom were imprisoned or facing trial for sanctions-busting, were first presented with details of the clemency offers last week, they said.
Mechanic and Afghahi had been held without bail since their April arrest, while Mechanic's employee Tooraj Faridi had been out on bail. All three had pleaded not guilty to charges of shipping electronics to Iran and faced up to 20 years in prison if convicted.
“It's sort of like winning the lottery,” said Kent Schaffer, a lawyer who represents Faridi.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and aides had been negotiating a prisoner exchange with Iran for over a year. The talks gained momentum in July when the United States and major powers agreed on a deal to lift some sanctions on Iran in exchange for curbs on its ability to develop a nuclear weapon.
In recent weeks, the White House established “a de facto war room” headed by National Security Adviser Susan Rice to coordinate the swap, a senior administration official said.
The aim was to leave no chance that Iran would not free four Americans at the same time that clemency for Mechanic and the other Iranians became effective.
That meant synchronizing minute-to-minute among U.S. officials in Vienna where the nuclear deal was formally implemented on Saturday, Swiss officials in Tehran who were with the Americans and prisons in Texas, Virginia and New York.
“A deal like this creates some trust, but we don't at this point have a fully trusting relationship,” the administration official said. “Neither side really wanted to be the first one to do anything irreversible.”
NOVEMBER PRISON VISIT
In November, Fariborz Jahansoozan, legal adviser to the Iranian interests section in Washington, visited Mechanic and Afghahi to tell them that they could be on the list for a prisoner exchange, according to Androphy.
Jahansoozan declined to comment.
He visited the men again in early January and suggested a deal was closer, according to Androphy, who said Jahansoozan asked him to keep their conversations confidential.
Then late last week, Justice Department officials told the lawyers for the men that they were in line for a pardon from Obama, they said.
Mechanic, who declined to comment when reached by Reuters, was ready to take the offer. “He wanted out,” Androphy said.
Iran had initially presented a list of dozens of prisoners it wanted released. Though the Iranians were told from the outset Obama would not consider anyone involved in violence or terrorism, “they tried to introduce names that didn't fit that criteria,” the senior U.S. official said.
WAITING IN HOUSTON
On Friday, Androphy and Mechanic phoned Jahansoozan and the director of the Iranian interests section, Mehdi Atefat, to discuss the Obama pardon offer one last time, Androphy said. Atefat could not be reached for comment.
The Iranian side had a request: Mechanic should go back to Iran, if only for a visit. Mechanic, who has a business in Iran, plans to travel there, Androphy said.
“The Iranians wanted somebody to go back to Iran to make it look like from a political point of view that Iran is not being short changed here,” he said.
U.S. officials told Androphy to be at the federal detention center in Houston before dawn for Mechanic's release, scheduled for 5:30 a.m. Houston time on Saturday.
That morning Mechanic and Afghahi were ushered into a conference room at the jail wearing the prison uniform of blue jeans and t-shirts. Prison officials allowed Mechanic to embrace his wife, but they were then separated.
The deadline came and went. Prison officials told the group to stand by as they awaited final clearance.
Slideshow (4 Images)
In Tehran, Iranian officials had objected to the wife and mother of Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian joining him on the same Swiss plane. U.S. officials responded by holding up the release of Mechanic and the other prisoners by almost 24 hours before the Iranians relented, officials said.
On Sunday, at 4:45 a.m. in Houston, as Rezaian and the other Americans prepared to leave Tehran, Mechanic and Afghahi were released.
Mechanic, wearing a blue tracksuit, and Afghahi, in a tan coat, met a small crowd of family members waiting in the dark. The two men embraced their wives, took some selfies and entered a waiting car, holding the pardons signed by Obama.
Image copyright University of Leicester
Analysis of DNA from Richard III has thrown up a surprise: evidence of infidelity in his family tree.
Scientists who studied genetic material from remains found in a Leicester car park say the finding might have profound historical implications.
Depending on where in the family tree it occurred, it could cast doubt on the Tudor claim to the English throne or, indeed, on Richard's.
The study is published in the journal Nature Communications.
But it remains unknown when the break, or breaks, in the family lineage occurred.
In 2012, scientists extracted genetic material from the remains discovered on the former site of Greyfriars Abbey, where Richard was interred after his death in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485.
'Overwhelming evidence'
Their analysis shows that DNA passed down on the maternal side matches that of living relatives, but genetic information passed down on the male side does not.
We may have solved one historical puzzle, but in so doing, we opened up a whole new one Prof Kevin Schurer, University of Leicester
However, there are a wealth of other details linking the body to the Plantagenet king.
"If you put all the data together, the evidence is overwhelming that these are the remains of Richard III," said Dr Turi King from Leicester University, who led the study.
Speaking at a news briefing at the Wellcome Trust in London, she said that the lack of a match on the male side was not unexpected; Dr King's previous research has shown there is a 1-2% rate of "false paternity" per generation.
The instance of female infidelity, or cuckolding, could have occurred anywhere in the numerous generations separating Richard III from the 5th Duke of Beaufort (1744-1803), whose living descendants provided samples of male-line DNA to be compared against that of Richard.
Image copyright University of Leicester Image caption Wendy Duldig and Michael Ibsen are 14th cousins, descended from Richard's eldest sister Anne of York
"We may have solved one historical puzzle, but in so doing, we opened up a whole new one," Prof Kevin Schurer, who was the genealogy specialist on the paper, told BBC News.
Investigation of the male genealogy focused on the Y chromosome, a package of DNA that is passed down from father to son, much like a surname. Most living male heirs of the 5th Duke of Beaufort were found to carry a relatively common Y chromosome type, which is different from the rare lineage found in the car park remains.
Richard III and his royal rival, Henry Tudor (later Henry VII), were both descendants of King Edward III. The infidelity could, in theory, have occurred either on the branch leading back from Henry to Edward or on the branch leading from Richard to Edward.
Henry's ancestor John of Gaunt was plagued by rumours of illegitimacy throughout his life, apparently prompted by the absence of Edward III at his birth. He was reportedly enraged by gossip suggesting he was the son of a Flemish butcher.
"Hypothetically speaking, if John of Gaunt wasn't Edward III's son, it would have meant that (his son) Henry IV had no legitimate claim to the throne, nor Henry V, nor Henry VI," said Prof Schurer.
Image copyright University of Leicester Image caption Turi King says there is a greater than 99% probability that the body is that of Richard
Asked whether a break in the branch of the tree leading to the Tudors could have implications for the legitimacy of the present-day royal family, Prof Schurer replied: "Royal succession isn't straightforward inheritance from fathers to sons, and/or daughters. History has taken a series of twists and turns."
The breakage was statistically more likely to have occurred in the part of the family tree which does not affect Royal succession - the most recent stretch - simply because more links in the chain exist there.
The lack of any match for the Y-chromosome lineage is quite curious and suggests an intriguing new avenue for dynastic DNA studies Prof Martin Richards, University of Huddersfield
And Dr Anna Whitelock, a reader in early modern history at Royal Holloway - University of London, told BBC News: "It's important to note that Henry VII claimed the throne "by right of conquest" not blood or marriage - his claim was extremely tenuous.
"Henry VII was descended from Edward III from the Beaufort line - the Beauforts were legitimised by half-brother Henry IV but not in succession. Royal succession has been based on many things in the past: ability to lead troops, religion, connections - not always seniority by royal blood."
She added: "The Queen's right to reign in based on the 1701 Act of Settlement that restricted succession to Protestant descendants of Sophia of Hanover. A medieval false paternity does not challenge the current Queen's right to reign."
Blue-eyed and blond
Richard's maternal-line - or mitochondrial - DNA was matched to two living relatives of his eldest sister Anne of York. Michael Ibsen and Wendy Duldig are 14th cousins and both carry the same extremely rare genetic lineage as the body in the car park.
Richard III was defeated in battle by Henry Tudor, marking the end of the Plantagenet dynasty and the beginning of Tudor rule, which lasted until Queen Elizabeth I died childless in 1603.
Richard's battered body was subsequently buried in Greyfriars. As the Leicester team uncovered the male skeleton, the curvature in its spine became obvious. The condition would have caused one of the man's shoulders to be higher than the other, just as a contemporary of Richard described.
Genes involved in hair and eye colour were also tested. The results suggest Richard III had blue eyes, matching one of the earliest known paintings of the king. However, the hair colour analysis gave a 77% probability that the individual was blond, which does not match the depiction.
But the researchers say the test is most closely correlated with childhood hair, and in some blond children, hair darkens during adolescence.
Image copyright University of Leicester Image caption The curvature in the spine of "Skeleton 1", later confirmed as Richard, was obvious during its excavation
The researchers took all the information linking the body to Richard III and carried out a statistical test known as Bayesian analysis to determine the probability that the body was indeed his - or not. Despite the absence of a male-line genetic match, the results came back with a 99.999% probability that the body was that of the Plantagenet king.
Commenting on the study, Prof Martin Richards, a population geneticist at the University of Huddersfield, told BBC News: "The work seems to have been done with great care and looks very convincing to me."
He said Richard III's maternal DNA type was very rare, and carried an additional genetic variant not previously seen before that "seems to be unique amongst a database that includes several thousand Europeans".
"So I agree that their assessment of the match probability is very conservative and it's very likely to be him," Prof Richards said.
He added that, given the apparent certainty of the body's identity, "the lack of any match for the Y-chromosome lineage is quite curious and suggests an intriguing new avenue for dynastic DNA studies".
Dr Ross Barnett, a specialist in ancient DNA at the University of Copenhagen, agreed that the work was "interesting and thorough".
Dr Barnett had previously raised questions over a preliminary analysis of the maternal-line DNA. But he told BBC News: "Now the paper is here and available for scrutiny, I have no further complaints. The team are excellent and I would expect the analysis to be robust."
Follow Paul on Twitter.
WELLINGTON - (AFP) - Megaupload boss Kim Dotcom on Tuesday accused New Zealand police of kicking and punching him when they raided his Auckland mansion earlier this year to arrest him for alleged copyright piracy.
Dotcom told the Auckland High Court he tried to surrender peacefully to police during the raid in January, when about 70 armed police cooperating with a major US online piracy probe raided the mansion.
The German national, who is free on bail pending a US attempt to extradite him on charges including racketeering and fraud, said he fled to a "safe room" when he realized police were in his home and waited for them to find him.
"Then they were all over me, I had a punch to the face, I had boots kicking me down to the floor," he told the court, adding that one officer stood on his hand and another kneed him in the ribs.
"I was screaming and I was in pain," he said.
Dotcom, 38, was giving evidence at an appeal by prosecutors against a court ruling in June that the raid was illegal because the search warrant used by police was too broad to be considered reasonable.
Questioned by the prosecution about why there was no sign of violence in mugshots taken after his arrest, he said they were taken two hours after his arrest and bruises did not show up until the next day.
If upheld, the ruling that the search was illegal paves the way for Dotcom's legal team to argue that evidence seized during the raid be ruled inadmissible.
Megaupload and related file-sharing sites were closed after the raid in January, part of an investigation US prosecutors have described as the world's largest copyright action.
The FBI and US Justice Department allege Megaupload sites netted more than $175 million in criminal proceeds and cost copyright owners more than $500 million by offering pirated copies of movies, TV shows and other content.
Dotcom and three co-accused, who all deny any wrongdoing, face up to 20 years jail if convicted in a US court. They are due to appear at an extradition hearing in March next year.
Related: Anonymous Launches "Largest Attack Ever on Government and Music Industry Sites"
MINNEAPOLIS -- Two protesters were charged with trespassing and burglary following the Minnesota Vikings-Chicago Bears game at U.S. Bank Stadium after they unfurled a banner from the stadium's rafters protesting U.S. Bank's involvement with the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Karl Mayo, 32, and Sen Holiday, 26, who had safety ropes and climbing gear, dangled from the rafters on the stadium's east side throughout the Vikings' 38-10 win.
Play was not interrupted, and Minneapolis police spokesman Corey Schmidt said a Hennepin County Medical Center doctor found both protesters to be medically sound after hanging from the rafters for most of the game. No one was harmed as a result of the incident, Schmidt said.
Mayo and Holiday were arrested and booked for misdemeanor trespass and burglary charges, police said in a statement. Both were released from custody at the Hennepin County Jail Monday.
A 27-year-old woman has also been accused of burglary and obstructing legal process. Police haven't released details of her role in the incident.
The action was a protest urging U.S. Bank (whose name is on the stadium) to withdraw a credit line from Energy Transfer Partners, the company that is responsible for the Dakota Access Pipeline. AP Photo/Andy Clayton-King
The banner read "Divest #NoDAPL" with the U.S. Bank logo above. The two protesters were suspended in the air above Section 120 and one protester in a No. 4 Brett Favre Vikings jersey -- Mayo -- shimmied down the banner. Six rows of fans were cleared below the protesters.
Rescue workers used rappelling gear to navigate the truss above the stadium, where they eventually convinced the protesters to climb down a ladder connected to the truss. The protestors told police negotiators they wanted the media present as they descended from the rafters. They were not made available to reporters.
Mayo and Holiday climbed down to a round of boos from fans who remained in the stadium to see how the episode would play out.
Members of the media were sent a statement saying the action was a protest urging U.S. Bank (whose name is on the stadium) to withdraw a credit line from Energy Transfer Partners, the company that is responsible for the Dakota Access Pipeline. The project is an underground pipeline for oil that crosses through four states, but protesters argue that it could damage the environment and poison the water in neighboring areas.
Holiday, who was identified as one of the two climbers, said: "We are here in solidarity with water protectors from Standing Rock to urge U.S. Bank to divest from the Dakota Access Pipeline."
U.S. Bank had no comment.
A statement from SMG, which manages the stadium, said, "Two individuals appear to have climbed over a guardrail and across the ridge truss" to hang the banner. Schmidt referred questions to stadium security about how the protesters got a 40-by-10-foot banner and climbing gear into the stadium, which will host Super Bowl LII after the 2017 season.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
I have been steeped in the Democratic Party all my life. My father, Jerry, was a New York City Democratic chairman and power broker, and I grew up in and around the Democratic Party. When I was a young man, former senators and Democratic presidential and vice-presidential nominees Hubert Humphrey and Estes Kefauver stayed at my apartment and we would proudly discuss the great traditions of the Democratic Party.
My father was a pallbearer at St. Patrick's for Bobby Kennedy's funeral. When I was young, Robert F. Kennedy and John F. Kennedy were (and remain) my political heroes. Four years ago, former New York Gov. and liberal lion Mario Cuomo spoke at my father's funeral. I think his son, current Gov. Andrew Cuomo, is a very effective leader.
I was elected five times to the New York state Assembly as a Democrat. In 1977, I beat David Dinkins and Robert Wagner Jr. in the election for borough president of Manhattan, and then was elected twice as City Council president.
With this background it is very hard for me not to support the Democratic nominee for president this year. But I believe my party has become the party of the elites and moneyed class and has deserted its historic mission as the party of the working class and disadvantaged.
Given my level of discomfort with the current leftist orientation of the Democratic Party, I am now supporting Republican nominee Donald Trump for president. I urge my fellow Democrats to vote for Mr. Trump. I have known him since the early 1970s and have seen his deep concern for people, and how effective he has been while working on behalf of the average citizen.
Advertisement
Donald Trump is no racist. On the contrary, he offers the best hope for rebuilding our inner cities and creating better education and jobs for those trapped in poverty and lacking hope. When a hurricane devastated Puerto Rico in 1984, I asked Mr. Trump to provide a 727 airliner to bring critical supplies to the island. He did so and without publicity. I asked him to rebuild the Wollman Skating Rink in Central Park because the city couldn't complete it in 10 years. Mr. Trump did it in under six months and under budget.
While he has made some controversial and provocative statements, I strongly believe he will bring needed change and vitality to our nation and shake up our political system, which is in a state of crisis. He is for strong pro-growth policies like reducing the marginal and corporate tax rates and eliminating thousands of job-killing and business-stifling regulations, the biggest of which is ObamaCare.
Mr. Trump is also for rebuilding the military, which has been decimated by Obama's dangerous cuts and sequestration. He is a strong supporter of Israel and will not abandon our allies in the Mideast and around the world. Unlike Hillary Clinton, he will not allow tens of thousands of immigrants who cannot be vetted properly to come to the U.S.
Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is the personification of the establishment and status quo. She voted for the war in Iraq and supported the Iran nuclear deal, two of the worst, and most-dangerous, mistakes in American foreign policy during my lifetime.
Advertisement
Everywhere in the world America's position is far worse now thanks in large measure to her actions as secretary of state. The whole saga of her private unsecure emails and server and the appearance of massive pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation are also profoundly troubling.
Her domestic record is as bad as her international one. When Mrs. Clinton was elected to the Senate, she promised to create 200,000 new jobs in upstate New York. When she left office in January 2009, the region had a net loss of 8,000 jobs. Now she promises to create 10 million new jobs in the nation. Why should we believe that she will do that, based on her failed record in New York state?
Sometimes a break with your own party is compelled by events. This is not to say it is an easy decision politically or personally. It can be wrenching. In 1973 I was appointed by Gov. Nelson Rockefeller to be chairman of a commission to investigate patient abuse and massive Medicaid fraud in the New York state nursing-home industry—which was extensively covered by the press. The nursing homeowners were protected by the Democratic leadership in the state Assembly. I had to fight those leaders in my own party to get the needed reforms passed.
As President Kennedy once said to his trusted speechwriter and confidante Arthur Schlesinger Jr., “Sometimes party loyalty asks too much.” This is the case in this election. I believe Donald Trump will make a great president and I ask my fellow Democrats to vote for him. The future of the nation may very well depend on it.
Advertisement
Mr. Stein, who held elective office in New York between 1969 and 1994, is now a business consultant.
Correction: An earlier version of this article misstated the first name of Hubert Humphrey.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steven Gerrard insists his strong bond with Liverpool FC will never be broken as he insisted: “This club has helped me achieve my dreams.”
The Reds captain, who will bring the curtain down on 26 years of loyal service when his contract expires this summer, says he feels blessed to have enjoyed such a glittering career.
In an extensive interview with the ECHO, Gerrard dismissed suggestions that he felt let down over the Reds' attempts to retain his services beyond the current campaign.
The 34-year-old midfielder, who has announced he will move to America to play Major League Soccer, says with his game-time at Anfield being reduced it was simply the right time to pursue a new challenge.
Gerrard revealed he snubbed approaches from a host of top European clubs, including Premier League sides, before opting for the States.
“It's been an emotional few days for my family and myself since I made the announcement and I think it's been the same for a lot of the supporters,” Gerrard told the ECHO.
“It's been difficult but I needed to snap out of it quickly because there are important games to be played. There is still a lot to be achieved this season.”
The Decision
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Gerrard went public with the news of his impending exit last Friday after making the toughest decision of his life.
“It was around a week before that I made my mind up,” he said.
“I'd done a lot of thinking and a lot of analysing. I wanted Brendan to be the first to know. I thought about the team and when would be the best time to announce it.
“After I told him we decided to sit tight until after the Leicester game on New Year's Day. I didn't want to wait too long.
“I knew that once January arrived and I was free to talk to foreign clubs the speculation would increase. The manager would have been facing questions about my future every few days and I didn't think that was fair.”
Gerrard revealed it was a conversation with Rodgers a month earlier which ultimately proved crucial in his decision to depart.
It came around the same time in late November when the club offered him a 12-month contract extension.
Rodgers informed the talismanic midfielder that he would no longer be an automatic selection.
The prospect of becoming a bit-part player simply didn't appeal to such a dominant figure who has been Liverpool's driving force for the best part of two decades.
“I've got to be honest, that chat with Brendan came earlier than I was expecting,” he said.
“It was about a month before that he first mentioned to me about managing my game time. We had another chat on the subject recently – 10 days to two weeks ago.
“It was tough but I understood. It's been very amicable. Everyone knows how much I rate Brendan. Our relationship is very good.
“There hasn't been a cross word between us. Brendan has been fantastic for me. My only regret is that I didn't get to work with him at a younger age.
“There is no finger pointing from me towards the manager or anyone else at the club."
I've never wanted to be a squad player
“From a professional point of view, everyone knows what I'm like and what I want.
“Since I was 16, 17 years of age, the moment I come into work on a Monday morning my preparations begin to play 90 minutes the following weekend.
“That's the buzz. I've always worked hard all week to prepare and make sure my performance is right come the weekend.
“When it gets to the stage where you don't know if you're going to be starting or not it becomes different.
“I've never wanted to be a squad player. If I was missing games now, I'd be sitting out even more next season. I knew it would get worse and worse as time went on.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Gerrard admits if Liverpool had offered him a new contract last summer he would have put pen to paper as at that stage he didn't know his role would soon be reduced.
He had just ended his 114-cap England career to extend his club career. Instead it was November before there was an extension on the table.
“Yes, if a contract had been put in front of me in pre-season I would have signed it,” he said.
“I'd just retired from England to concentrate all my efforts on Liverpool. I didn't want my club games to be tailored.
“My injury record had been fantastic for the past two and a half years and I had a great season from a personal point of view last season.
“It's all ifs, buts and hindsight now. That period between the summer and the end of November gave me thinking time.
“There's no blame and I'm not angry about it. There are other people in the squad and the club had other things to worry about.
“Liverpool Football Club have been unbelievable for me since I was eight years old. This club has helped me fulfil my dreams over and over again.
IN PICTURES: Some of the greatest images from Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career
“The memories and experiences I've had over the past 26 years I wouldn't swap for anything in the world.
“I'm a very lucky boy and I am also proud of what I've given back – the sacrifices, the dedication and the loyalty.
“I enjoy a very strong relationship with Liverpool Football Club and I don't see that coming to an end. I hope to serve the club again one day.”
Gerrard, whose classy double in Monday's FA Cup win over AFC Wimbledon took his tally for the campaign to nine goals, insists Liverpool's struggles during the first half of this season played no part in his decision.
“It's got nothing to do with how results have been,” he said.
“That's not the type I am. If things aren't going so well, I'd rather stay and help to put things right. I think I've shown that over the years.
“It simply came down to the fact that the idea of becoming a squad player didn't excite me or motivate me.
“People can have their own opinion on that. But it would have been too difficult for me having been used to starting every game.
“I didn't want to become a bit-part player. Coming off the bench here and there.
“The buzz for me is playing, contributing and helping the team. When you don't know if you're going to be sat in the stands or on the bench it becomes a bit different.”
It's not easy being me at times
There were also off-field considerations. After spending his entire life in the goldfish bowl of his home city, Huyton-born Gerrard decided his whole family would benefit from some time away.
“It's not just on the pitch in football but what you do off it as well,” he said.
“I think it will be good for me to come out of the city for a little while.
“Liverpool is my home and I love the city. But it's not easy being me at times.
“Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't swap it for anything in the world because I've fulfilled my dreams. I'm not complaining about it but it's one of the things I've gone over.
“Being a Liverpool player and living in the city, there are some cons that come with it.
“It can be difficult to come out of the house – to go to the coffee shop, go out for a meal, take the kids to the park or do the school run. The little things. That can be tough at times.
TIMELINE: Step by step through the career of an all-time great
“Then there are the Steven Gerrard rumours – the bits and bobs you have to deal with.
“It will be nice to try something different - a new country, a new culture. To take the kids away so they can experience something new.
“It will be nice to be able to walk out the door without being recognised.”
Playing wise, there will be a weight lifted from his broad shoulders.
He has carried the hopes and dreams of Kopites for so long – Liverpool have always looked to Gerrard to provide the inspiration.
“I've never seen that as a burden,” he added.
“There's been huge pressure and responsibility on me but I've always loved and embraced that.
“It's been a massive honour to be captain of this club for so long and it will be right to the end.
“I'll be a Liverpool fan to the day I die. I've lived my dreams."
GERRARD: I've snubbed Premier League rivals
TOMORROW: Why I want one last glorious chapter in my Reds' career and why coaching is not for me - yet!
Michael Bisping will get his chance to become a UFC world champion on June 4 when he challenges middleweight champion Luke Rockhold at UFC 199.
Bisping knows that this may be his only chance at UFC gold and accepting the fight with just over two weeks notice, he is ready to realize his dream by beating the champ who he is not very fond of.
“He's a smug a**hole, let's be honest,” Bisping said to Ariel Helwani on Monday's edition of The MMA Hour (transcribed by MMA Fighting). … “Luke Rockhold owns a victory over me. I want to rectify that. I want to set the record straight. So yes, I want to be the victor. I want to be the world champion. But I also want to beat Luke Rockhold. It is personal for me. And when I look at him, I just want to knock that smug look off his face. I really do. Because you've never seen somebody that walks around so smug. He's just the biggest, smuggest prick you've ever seen in your life. I would love another opportunity to punch that guy in the face. And to be world champion at the same time? Where do I sign up?”
The fight on June 4 will be 20 days ahead of Bisping's 10th year anniversary debuting in the Octagon at the Ultimate Fighter 3 Finale back in 2006 and says he is more than ready to finally become a UFC champion.
“If I lose this, I'll never get a shot again,” Bisping said. “But I'm taking this, not just for a shot, not just for a payday, not just for some media attention. I believe I can win this. And that's why I'm taking this fight. I've always been a fighter. I'm a fighter's fighter. I'm a real fighter. And I'll prove that in two weeks.”
Who are you picking in the middleweight title fight? Share your pick with us in the comment section!
Exclusive Videos | Luke Rockhold
[ooyala code=”xybjUwMzE6eP9IagkQBX831MxEUOKteK” player_id=”631143aa3982447caf394a185941cb69″ auto=”true” width=”1280″ height=”720″ autoplay=”true”]
"War in Europe" redirects here. For the board game, see War in Europe (game)
This is a list of conflicts in Europe ordered chronologically, including wars between European states, civil wars within European states, wars between a European state and a non-European state that took place within Europe, and global conflicts in which Europe was a theatre of war.
There are various definitions of Europe and in particular there is significant dispute about the eastern and southeastern boundaries, specifically about how to define the countries of the former Soviet Union. This list is based on a wide definition that includes much of the interface between Europe and Western Asia.
BCE [ edit ]
Pre-500 BCE [ edit ]
500–200 BCE [ edit ]
200 BCE onwards [ edit ]
1st–10th century CE [ edit ]
11th century [ edit ]
Battle of Hastings (1066)
12th century [ edit ]
13th century [ edit ]
14th century [ edit ]
15th century [ edit ]
16th century [ edit ]
17th century [ edit ]
18th century [ edit ]
19th century [ edit ]
20th century [ edit ]
Odinn and British frigate Icelandic patrol ship ICGVand British frigate HMS Scylla clash during the Second Cod War
21st century [ edit ]
Damaged building in Lysychansk , 4 August 2014
Ongoing conflicts [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
If climate change is weighing on your mind this holiday season, especially after the signing of the Paris agreement, you're not alone.
There's an image that's been slowly circulating on the internet. It's of an older, bearded man, his smile tentative, his eyebrows furrowed. The caption reads, "When ur enjoying the warm weather in December, but deep down u know it's because of global warming."
It's been shared thousands of times, incorrect spelling notwithstanding. And it taps into a lot of talk about the weather getting warmer.
when ur enjoying the warm weather in december but deep down u know it's because of global warming <a href="https://t.co/KN52hwRdmz">pic.twitter.com/KN52hwRdmz</a> —@Dory
Toronto and Ottawa, for example, have just seen their warmest fall on record. Montreal has had record low snowfall. Fredericton and St. John's are likely to see temperatures pushing into the double digits for Christmas.
"There's no question — the Great White North, the land of ice and snow, the second coldest country in the world, the snowiest country in the world — we're losing our reputation as the winter people," said David Phillips, senior climatologist with Environment Canada.
We'll still be the Great White North, it just will be that winters will not be our dominant season. - David Phillips, Environment Canada
So far, this year's balmy November and December in many parts of the country is because of a super El Nino bringing warm air from the Pacific. It's a naturally-occurring event that takes place every few years. The pattern of ocean temperatures disrupts the typical flow of air in the atmosphere and relieves chilly Canadians with mild winters.
But El Nino alone doesn't explain the big spike in temperature, according to University of British Columbia climate scientist Simon Donner.
'A sea change'
"The reason that it's breaking temperature records is because you have the El Nino event on top of the fact that the planet is slowly warming," said Donner. "El Nino would mean a mild winter in a lot of Canada. El Nino plus global warming means a record-breaking warm winter."
A person walks across the Humber Bay Bridge, over looking Lake Ontario on Monday's cool and rainy start to winter in Toronto. (Nathan Denette/Canadian Press) And that is just a taste of things to come, he said.
"We're on a trajectory right now for 4 C or more of warming — certainly in the winters in this century," Donner said.
Environment Canada, which has been examining winters over the past 68 years, has noticed a similar progression. On average, it has found that winters are 3 C warmer — "a sea change," said Phillips.
Interview with Environment Canada's senior climatologist Dave Phillips 4:07
Canadians can expect to see certain trends emerge in the future, according to Phillips:
First, winters will warm more than summers.
Second, there will be greater warming in the interior of the country and less so on the coasts, which are moderated by the oceans.
Third, the speed of the changes will be dramatic."We've gone through slow motion change in the last 60 years," he said. But in the future "we may see doubling that change in half the time."
White Christmases, he added, will still occur but "it might something we have to dream about a little harder and even pray for it in years to come," he said.
"We'll still be the Great White North, it just will be that winters will not be our dominant season," Phillips said.
Donner describes things in starker terms.
"Last year was the warmest year in recorded history. 2015 is trumping that record. Global temperature records are the sort of things you set by very small amounts," he said.
"I like to think of the race for the warmest year as somewhat as a 100 metre sprint. It's usually a photo finish. But this thing is like Usain Bolt at the Beijing Olympics. It has just wiped out the field."
Persistently unusual weather
Despite the current warm temperatures, eastern Canadians remember very well the bitter winters of the past two years and the accompanying power outages, Arctic temperatures and towering stacks of snow in many places.
Global warming skeptics may be disheartened to know that those winters don't explain away climate change.
"It's fair to say that we've been experiencing some rather wild swings [and] inter-annual variability in temperature," said John Gyakum, chair of McGill University's atmospheric and oceanic sciences department.
"We may be experiencing more in the way of persistent anomalies or persistently unusual weather," warm or cold, Gyakum said.
A woman walks past a downed hydro pylon near St-Constant, Que. in January 1998 where hydro crews worked to re-establish power following the ice storm. (Robert Galbraith/Canadian Press) It's part of the paradox of global warming, he said. Despite overall trends that demonstrate a warming of the planet, last winter places like Montreal experienced the coldest temperatures on record.
This pattern of unpredictability has huge implications for not only the environment and businesses, but how Canadians spend their holiday seasons. The conditions necessary for winter activities such as ice fishing, skiing and skating may soon no longer be there, or will cost a lot more to produce and take part in.
Gyakum said it's likely North America could also see more El Ninos as a result, which can lead to more frequent ice storms and freezing rain. People, he said, will need to consider adapting to that sort of change in their daily lives.
Phillips, a self-described optimist, said Canadians have had a head start noting that we've already invented things like the snowblower and icewine to deal with our frozen lot.
"I really think that it's not going to be the bogeyman that people think it is. But I think that if we ignore it, then it will come back to bite us," he said.
"The more and the sooner we embrace and accept it as a change, the better off we will be."
The UFC's fourth event in Sweden will be its biggest yet as Stockholm's Tele2Arena plays host to UFC on FOX 14, the second stadium show in company history, on Saturday.
UFC 129 in April 2011 was the first stadium even. More than 55,000 fans filled Toronto's Rogers Centre. UFC on FOX 14 won't top that attendance mark, but more than 20,000 fans are expected to fill the European venue.
Stockholm native Alexander Gustafsson (16-2 MMA, 8-2 UFC) is the main attraction for locals as he meets Anthony Johnson (18-4 MMA, 9-4 UFC) in the five-round light-heavyweight headliner.
The stakes don't get much higher than this fight between “The Mauler” and “Rumble.” The winner earns No. 1 contender status in the 205-pound division and will challenge champion Jon Jones (21-1 MMA, 15-1 UFC) for the title this year.
For more on the numbers behind UFC on FOX 14, which includes two former Strikeforce champions, an “Ultimate Fighter” winner and more, check out 60 pre-fight facts about Saturday's event.
* * * *
Main event
Gustafsson competes in just his third bout in more than two years.
Gustafsson competes in a UFC main event for the fourth time in his career. He's 2-1 in previous bouts with the lone defeat coming in a title fight with Jones.
Gustafsson's six stoppage victories in UFC light-heavyweight competition are tied for the fourth most in divisional history behind Jones (nine), Chuck Liddell (nine) and Tito Ortiz (five).
Gustafsson earned five stoppage victories in UFC light-heavyweight competition faster than any fighter in divisional history. He accomplished the feat in just six bouts.
Gustafsson's 41-second knockout of Jared Hamman at UFC 105 stands as the second-fastest knockout finish by a debuting UFC light heavyweight in the modern era. The fastest was Ryan Jimmo's seven-second knockout of Anthony Perosh at UFC 149.
Gustafsson and Jones combined for a total of 244 significant strikes landed in their UFC 165 bout, the most ever in a UFC light-heavyweight bout.
Gustafsson lands 4.05 significant strikes per minute, the third highest output rate among active UFC light heavyweights.
Gustafsson defends takedowns at a rate of 86.4 percent, the second best defense in UFC light-heavyweight history behind Jones (94.6 percent).
Johnson competes in a UFC main event for the first time in his 14-fight tenure with the organization.
Johnson enters the event on a career-high eight-fight winning streak.
Johnson has never lost a fight that's gone to a decision.
Johnson has earned seven of his nine UFC victories by knockout.
Johnson is the only fighter in UFC history to earn four knockout victories in less than one minute each. He accomplished the feat against Antonio Rogerio Nogueira, Yoshiyuki Yoshida, Tommy Speer and Chad Reiner.
Johnson's 13-second knockout of Reiner at UFC Fight Night 10 stands as the third-fastest knockout in UFC welterweight history and the fastest knockout by a debuting 170-pound fighter.
Johnson's five first-round knockout victories in UFC welterweight competition stand as the most in divisional history. He hasn't competed in the weight class since October 2011.
Johnson owns a 57.7 percent takedown accuracy, the seventh best rate among active UFC fighters. Oppositely, Johnson has defended 85 percent of all opponent takedown attempts (17 of 20) in UFC competition.
Co-main event
Dan Henderson (30-12 MMA, 7-6 UFC), 44, is the oldest fighter on the current UFC roster.
Henderson returns to the UFC middleweight division for the first time since his UFC 100 knockout win over Michael Bisping in July 2009.
Henderson went 2-1 in his initial UFC middleweight stint, with the lone defeat coming to former champion Anderson Silva.
Henderson enters the event with just one victory in his past five fights. He defeated Mauricio Rua and suffered losses to Daniel Cormier, Vitor Belfort, Rashad Evans and Lyoto Machida.
Henderson, at 43, became the second-oldest fighter to earn a knockout victory under the UFC banner when he stopped Rua at UFC Fight Night 38. Randy Couture, who finished Gabriel Gonzaga at UFC 74, is the oldest (44).
Henderson is the only fighter in UFC/PRIDE/Strikeforce history to hold two titles simultaneously, once reigning as the PRIDE welterweight (183-pound) and middleweight (205-pound) champion.
Henderson has beaten 10 former UFC/PRIDE/Strikeforce champions throughout his MMA career. All five of his UFC fights since returning the organization in 2011 have come against former 205-pound champions.
Henderson's 23 victories in UFC/PRIDE/Strikeforce/WEC competition are the second most in the combined history of the four organizations behind Wanderlei Silva (27).
Henderson's 13 knockout wins in UFC/PRIDE/Strikeforce/WEC history are tied with Anderson Silva for the fourth most in the combined history of the four organizations behind Wanderlei Silva (19), Mirko Filipovic (16) and Rua (15).
Henderson has earned 18 total knockdowns in his UFC/PRIDE/Strikeforce career, which is tied with Filipovic and Anderson Silva for the second most in the combined history of the three promotions behind Wanderlei Silva (27).
Henderson has landed 87.5 percent of his takedowns from the clinch in UFC/PRIDE/Strikeforce competition. His 48 takedowns landed in the three promotions are the fourth most ever by a fighter competing at 183 pounds or heavier.
Henderson's 31 takedowns landed in his PRIDE career are the second most of any fighter in the now-defunct promotion's history behind Kazushi Sakuraba (40).
Henderson has suffered 13 knockdowns in UFC/PRIDE/Strikeforce/WEC competition, which are the most of any fighter in the combined history of the four organizations.
Gegard Mousasi (35-5-2 MMA, 2-2 UFC) has alternated wins and losses over his four-fight UFC career.
Mousasi competes in a non-headlining bout for the first time in his UFC career.
Mousasi enters the event on the heels of his first stoppage loss since August 2006. Ronaldo Souza submitted him at UFC Fight Night 50.
Mousasi has earned 30 of his 35 victories by stoppage. Of those finishes, 28 occurred in Round 1.
Mousasi has landed 15 of his 25 takedown attempts (60 percent) over his past 17 bouts.
Remaining main card
Phil Davis (13-2 MMA, 9-2 UFC) is 4-0 in UFC competition when fighting outside of the U.S.
Davis has completed at least one takedown against nine of the 11 opponents he has faced in his UFC career.
Davis' three submission victories in UFC light-heavyweight competition are tied for the third most in divisional history behind Jones (five) and Renato Sobral (four).
Davis' two anaconda choke submission victories are the most by any fighter in UFC history.
Davis defends significant strikes at a rate of 71.4 percent, the second best defense in light heavyweight history behind Ryan Bader (71.7 percent).
Davis absorbs just 1.29 significant strikes per minute, the lowest rate in UFC light heavyweight history.
Davis has never been knocked down in his 16-fight career.
Bader's (18-4 MMA, 11-4 UFC) three-fight UFC winning streak is tied with Patrick Cummins for the third-longest active streak in the light-heavyweight division behind champ Jones (12) and Fabio Maldonado (four).
Bader's 12 victories in UFC light-heavyweight competition are tied for the fourth most in divisional history behind Jones (14), Evans (13) and Liddell (13).
Bader has never lost a fight that has gone to a decision.
Bader's six knockdowns landed in UFC light-heavyweight competition are tied for the fifth most in divisional history behind Liddell (14), Machida (11), Rua (nine) and Quinton Jackson (eight).
Bader's three UFC knockout victories stemming from a single punch landed at distance are tied for the second most in 205-pound history behind Liddell (four).
Bader defends significant strikes at a rate of 71.7 percent, the best defense in UFC light-heavyweight history.
Bader absorbs just 1.33 significant strikes per minute, the second best rate in UFC light heavyweight history behind Davis (1.29).
Bader has landed 39 takedowns in UFC light heavyweight competition, the second most in divisional history behind Evans (50).
Bader's successful on 44.3 percent of his takedown attempts in UFC light-heavyweight competition, the third highest rate among active fighters in the division behind Jones (51.6 percent) and Evans (45.9 percent).
Bader is the owner of the fastest submission in modern UFC light heavyweight history, a 50-second tap-out of Vladimir Matyushenko at UFC on FOX 6.
Akira Corassani (12-5 MMA, 3-2 UFC) enters the event on the first two-fight losing streak of his career. Max Holloway and Dustin Poirier defeated him in that stretch.
Corassani has earned two of his three UFC victories by decision. His lone win that was not determined by the judges came as the result of a disqualification to his opponent due to an illegal blow.
All five of Corassani's UFC opponents have out-struck him. He tallied a smaller number of significant strikes than each opponent during those bouts.
Corassani has suffered all five of his career losses by knockout.
Sam Sicilia (13-5 MMA, 3-4 UFC) has alternated losses and wins over his past five UFC appearances. He suffered a defeat in his most recent UFC bout.
Preliminary card
Albert Tumenov (14-2 MMA, 2-1 UFC) has earned his past eight MMA victories by knockout. That includes both of his wins under the UFC banner.
Tumenov has landed four knockdowns over his past two UFC appearances.
Tumenov's knockout victory stemming from a kick to the head at the 1:03 mark of Round 1 at UFC Fight Night 54 stands as the fourth fastest finish of its kind in UFC history. Only Nikita Krylov, Gegard Gordeau and Jeremy Stephens have registered faster head-kick wins.
Kenny Robertson (14-3 MMA, 3-3 UFC) is the author of the only “Suloev stretch” submission in UFC history. He used the rare technique to finish Brock Jardine at UFC 157.
Andy Ogle (9-5 MMA, 1-4 UFC) enters the event on a career-worst three-fight losing streak. Overall, he's dropped four of his past five fights.
Nikita Krylov (17-4 MMA, 2-2 UFC) is 1-1 since he dropped to the UFC light-heavyweight division in March 2014.
Krylov has earned both of his UFC victories by first-round knockout.
Krylov's 25-second head-kick finish of Walt Harris at UFC on FOX 10 marked the sixth fastest knockout in UFC heavyweight history. It was also the fastest head-kick finish in UFC history, topping Gerard Gordeau's 26-second win at UFC 1.
Krylov has never fought to a decision in his 21-fight career. His longest professional bout to date is 11 minutes and 34 seconds.
Stanislav Nedkov (12-1 MMA, 1-1 UFC) returns to competition for the first time since February 2013. His 707-day layoff is the longest of his career.
Konstantin Erokhin (9-1 MMA, 0-0 UFC) makes his UFC debut on a nine-fight winning streak. He has earned all but one of those victories by first-round knockout.
Chris Beal (10-0 MMA, 2-0 UFC) drops to the UFC flyweight division despite winning his first 10 pro bouts and posting a 2-0 UFC record at bantamweight.
Beal is one of 12 fighters in UFC history to earn a knockout victory stemming from a flying knee. He accomplished the feat against Patrick Williams at UFC 172.
Neil Seery (14-10 MMA, 1-1 UFC), 35, is the oldest active fighter in the UFC flyweight division.
For more on UFC on FOX 14, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
FightMetric research analyst and live statistics producer Michael Carroll contributed to this story. Follow him on Twitter @MJCflipdascript.
So the trailer for “Wicked Single,” VH1's entry into the Southie reality show sweepstakes, is out and it is Wicked Bad.
First three seconds: “Boston is a city of (bleeping) champions,” says the voice-over as a scene of Fenway Park flashes on screen. Fail.
Next we hear a young lady expound on her philosophy of life: “Work haaaahd but pahhhty haaaaadahhhh.” Worst Boston accent ever. Makes Julianne Moore in “30 Rock” sound like a Wahlberg.
“When our group gets together, it's just total chaos,” says another swinging single as a group of generic 20-somethings drink and play pool in a nondescript bar while one guy exposes his flabby belly. They don't look like they are having an exceptionally fabulous time.
The show, brought to you by the creators of “Jersey Shore,” debuts on St. Patrick's Day. Natch. Because everyone in Boston is Irish, don't cha know???
Meanwhile, A&E's “Southie Rules,” which follows the adventures of the dim-bulb Niedzwiecki clan, made a less-than-auspicious start. After just two weeks, the show was switched from its 10 p.m. Tuesday time slot to the TV dead zone that is 10 p.m. on Saturday. Where, we predict, it will not rule …
Drop dimes to trackgals@boston herald.com or 617-619-6376. Follow ?@TrackGals, ?@GayleFee and @Laura Raposa on Twitter.
Joshua Mayers is the Seattle Sounders FC writer for The Seattle Times. Watch for his coverage of the team, Major League Soccer and soccer around the world.
September 28, 2010 at 2:04 PM
Comments (0) E-mail article Print Share
Posted by Joshua Mayers
Here's the release from the team. Seattle will have someone from the MLS emergency goalkeeper pool to back up Kasey Keller on Saturday against Toronto FC.
* * *
Keeper Terry Boss Called In by Puerto Rico
RENTON, WASH. - The Seattle Sounders FC announced today that the Puerto Rico National Team has called in goalkeeper Terry Boss for Caribbean Championship Stage One matches against Anguilla on Saturday and Monday versus Saint-Martin on Monday. Both games will be played in Bayamon, Puerto Rico.
Boss, 29, will miss Seattle's MLS game with Toronto FC on Saturday in Seattle at 12:30p.m. PT. To replace Boss, Sounders FC will use the MLS emergency goalkeeper pool to select a backup for starter Kasey Keller.
Boss has four previous caps with Puerto Rico. He will return to Seattle on Tuesday.
Boss has made three starts in all competitions, the most recent being at Monterrey on September 22 in a CONCACAF Champions League group stage match. He has appeared in one MLS match, as a second-half substitute in a 2-2 draw at Dallas on April 22.
It was revealed recently that left-hander John Lamb underwent disc surgery on his back in December.
CINCINNATI -- One of the young pitchers expected to compete for a spot in the Reds' rotation is unlikely to be 100 percent when Spring Training begins next week.
CINCINNATI -- One of the young pitchers expected to compete for a spot in the Reds' rotation is unlikely to be 100 percent when Spring Training begins next week.
It was revealed recently that left-hander John Lamb underwent disc surgery on his back in December.
"John Lamb is a little bit behind schedule," Reds manager Bryan Price said on Monday on MLB Network's High Heat. "So he'll be competing for a job, but [he] probably won't be ready until the middle of the month of April."
Video: Bryan Price phones in to High Heat
Lamb, 25, was one of three lefty pitchers to arrive on July 26 from the Royals in the trade for ace Johnny Cueto. He made his big league debut for Cincinnati in August.
In 10 Major League starts, Lamb went 1-5 with a 5.80 ERA after going 10-2 with a 2.67 ERA over 20 starts at the Triple-A level.
While right-handers Anthony DeSclafani and Raisel Iglesias are expected to be locks at the top of the rotation, there will be three open spots until the return of veteran Homer Bailey from Tommy John surgery.
Among the candidates for rotation spots besides Lamb are Jon Moscot, Michael Lorenzen, Cody Reed, Robert Stephenson, Keyvius Sampson, Brandon Finnegan and Jonathan Sanchez.
In a comedic context, the same play on words, additionally incorporating the name "Pete", is known to have been used as early as 1930 on the radio program "Empire Builders!" The episode of that program broadcast on December 29, 1930, featured a trio of singers dubbed "The Three Visiting Firemen: Pete, Re-Pete, and Three-Pete".[1]
The Oxford English Dictionary credits an Illinois high school senior, Sharif Ford, with the earliest published use of the word in the March 8, 1989 edition of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Ford's quote uses the term in a sporting context and serves to provide a clear etymology as well:
The Lincoln High Tigers say they want to "three-peat". "You know, kind of like repeat, except doing it for the third time", senior Sharif Ford said.
However, Riles & Co., the corporate entity of National Basketball Association (NBA) coach Pat Riley, submitted in November 1988 a trademark application for the use of three-peat on shirts, jackets and hats. At the time, the phrase was being used by members and fans of the Los Angeles Lakers basketball team, of whom Riley was the head coach, regarding the Lakers' quest that season to obtain what would have been a third successive NBA championship. According to Riley, it was Laker player Byron Scott who coined the term in reference to the team's goal for that season.
In 1989, Riles & Co. successfully registered the trademark under U.S. Registration Number 1552980. The Lakers did not win a third consecutive NBA championship in 1989, but the Chicago Bulls did in 1993, and Riles & Co. collected royalties from sports apparel makers who licensed the phrase for use on merchandise commemorating that accomplishment.
Riles & Co. subsequently obtained additional registrations expanding the trademark to cover many other kinds of merchandise in addition to apparel. The company then went on to reap additional profits by again licensing the phrase to merchandisers when the Bulls again won three consecutive NBA championships from 1996 through 1998, as well as when the New York Yankees won three straight World Series championships from 1998 through 2000 and when the Lakers won three straight NBA championships from 2000 through 2002.
The trademark registration for three-peat has been challenged over the years by those who argue that the term has become too generic in its usage for the trademark to continue to be applicable. However, such arguments have yet to succeed, with the registration continuing to be upheld by the United States Patent and Trademark Office as recently as 2001, in the case of Christopher Wade v. Riles & Co.
In 2005, a group of individuals attempted to trademark the phrase Three-Pete in anticipation of the (ultimately unsuccessful) attempt that year by the University of Southern California (U.S.C.) football team to win a third consecutive national championship. The change in spelling was a reference to the team's head coach, Pete Carroll. However, the Patent Office ruled that the change in spelling was not dissimilar enough from Riles & Co.'s three-peat, and denied the registration. Later that year, U.S.C. fan Kyle Bunch began selling his own "Three-Pete" T-shirts. He discontinued sales once he was notified that he was infringing upon the Riles & Co. trademark.
As of late 2007, the trademark "Three Peat" is still active for shirts, jackets, caps, etc., and for commemorative mugs, plates, etc., and also for posters, bumper sticker, etc. The similar "3 Peat" became a registered trademark of Riles & Co. for blankets and other bedding, as of June 2015. Some of the Riles & Co. trademarks are no longer in effect, e.g. keychains.
Renewed urban violence in France and continuing instability of the euro offer reminders that economic disparities and widening divisions can only be remedied through the difficult work of integration
Pascal Rossignol / Reuters French firemen inspect damage inside a leisure center in Amiens on Aug. 14, 2012, after gangs of youths set cars and buildings ablaze overnight
The rioting that rocked the French city of Amiens on Aug. 13 and 14 was a grim reminder that little has changed since 2005, when the exclusion and alienation of France's blighted housing projects exploded in violence that spread across the country. France, the world then discovered, was a seriously divided country. It still is. And despite billions spent on housing renovation and infrastructure improvement in some of France's worst neighborhoods, the eruption in Amiens this week was another demonstration that the gap between mainstream society and its blighted banlieues remains as large as ever.
But France and its discontents are also a microcosm for the instability in the euro zone. Like France, the 17-country collective is in reality a fractured grouping of have and have-not members whose economic, employment and wealth imbalances are increasingly untenable. And in both the French and euro-zone crises, resolutions requiring a degree of integration, compromise and sacrifice of individual interests to wider common cause are still being resisted even as calamity looms. Instead, moves to unite under a single roof and mutually respected rules — whether fiscal or social — are rejected as too messy, unpopular and scary.
Aversion to decisive integration is quite evident in the euro crisis. Even as the financial markets put pressure on the most indebted and economically febrile euro partners, the zone's leaders have shied away from the one thing investors want most: binding and enforceable rules on deficit and debt levels for all the nations using the common currency.
The accord produced at June's E.U. summit took some steps toward budgetary and banking integration across the euro zone. But that stopped well short of the far-reaching measures needed to resolve what critics like Paul Krugman argue is the currency's essential failing: the absence of a single economic area functioning under the same fiscal rules, capable of pooling collective reserves and debt, and overseen by a strong central bank ready to intervene in the face of economic or monetary troubles.
Why all the aversion to integrate — even as the euro's very existence still appears imperiled? Wealthier and reform-strengthened states like Germany and Finland don't want to jeopardize their finances by conjoining them with partners like Greece and Italy — whose history of reckless spending, nonchalance with escalating debt and horror of reform helped create the crisis in the first place. Why trust them to obey new rules when they flaunted existing regulations, higher-minded and deeper-pocketed members ask?
Of course, all euro nations — including Germany — violated deficit and debt limits as governments put national priorities over mutually beneficial strictures. Crisis or not, none are thus far willing to bow to the crisis by relinquishing spending power they may want to abuse once calm has returned. Plus, nationalism gets in the way.
Countries with generous welfare states and weighty tax structures like France and the Netherlands don't want to be told how they can and can't raise and spend public money by Brussels — even if it's for their own fiscal good. In the meantime, if spending ceilings were to impose de facto shrinkage of big welfare states, affected nations would doubtless call for an increase in minimal levels of state assistance and taxation to prevent what France has called “social dumping” by partners like Ireland. Despite the payoff of a far stronger and more stable euro zone, no one wants to surrender the autonomy serious integration would involve.
A similarly dissonant dynamic is evidenced whenever efforts are made to solve the growing divide between mainstream French society and its riot-prone suburban housing projects. French leaders demand that inhabitants of those areas adapt to and integrate into French society and culture to enjoy its benefits — a rather revealing exigence given that most project residents are French born and raised. Indeed, suggestions of willful segregation typically spark counterclaims that France actively inhibits their attempts to enter the nation's mainstream. Banlieue residents contend that good schools, functioning public services, comfortable housing, and above all jobs, are found only in affluent city centers and are inaccessible and unaffordable where they live.
No one in France contests that a more widespread affluence would quell the eruptions of violence like the one that exploded in Amiens. But that would involve more faces from the ghetto turning up in predominantly white work places — and an educational and behavioral effort by defiant and angry project youths to qualify for and land good jobs and living arrangements. Too much change, compromise and potential loss are involved on both sides of the socioeconomic divide for that to happen, so France remains trapped in a ritual of mutual accusation of just who's preventing the needed surge of integration.
Employment is, of course, the key to bridging France's gap — and reversing Europe's deepening economic slump and euro crisis. But the job outlook in both scenarios is bleak. Even before the current economic crunch set in, jobless rates in French projects flirted with 25% for all adults and nearly 50% for younger people. Those notoriously high figures for French banlieues are now rivaled by national averages in Spain (24.6%) and Greece's (23.1%); youth unemployment rates in both countries are similarly estimated at around 50%.
That has left Europe's southern flank looking to northern euro partners — like Germany (5.4% unemployment), Finland (7.5%) and the Netherlands (5.3%) — for help out of their deepening crisis in same the way French project dwellers have long appealed to mainstream society. In both cases, responses have been similar: short-term handouts to buy time dished out with stern instructions for the afflicted to lift themselves up by their own bootstraps.
But tough love is only effective when it's practiced as well as it is preached. To end Europe's interminable debt crisis and economic spiral, all 17 currency members will have to give till it hurts — and then some. Stronger nations will have to pool their debt and reserves with debt-swamped countries like Greece, Spain and Italy to give them the breathing room they need to recover and rebound. In exchange for the higher borrowing costs and greater exposure to (theoretical) default that will involve fitter nations like Germany, Finland and even France, all euro partners will have to surrender considerable budgetary and fiscal autonomy in submitting to rules and enforcement on spending limits required to turn the euro zone into a real, united European economy. The only way out of the current crisis — and future prosperity — is through mutual strength and a far closer euro union.
In the same way, to end its regular fits of urban upheaval, France must end the geographical, occupational and economic isolation of its projects by welcoming a growing number of their residents as students, employees and neighbors within mainstream French society. Simply renovating blighted housing blocks and trying to spruce up shoddy public services in suburbs are not an alternative to true integration of banlieue residents. The denizens of the projects must want to buy into the idea of France and commit to the investment, with all privileges and hardships it entails.
In seeking to end divisions plaguing both France and the euro zone, all actors must resolve themselves to surrendering significant aspects of the familiar but dysfunctional status quo to create the possibility of receiving anything lasting in return. That's a scary leap of faith that will provoke considerable political and public resistance. But it's also an unnerving jump promising less trauma in the long term than sticking with unworkable arrangement that have produced so much instability and suffering thus far.
The Warhammer World Just Got bigger with Man O' War: Corsair Update 0.2!
Introducing the new update! Man O' War: Corsair Update 0.2 will introduce new mechanics as well as expand the open world experience of the sailing the Great Western Ocean.
Check out the trailer here!
Khorne!
Introducing the first of our new fleets. Khorne sails into Warhammer's Great Western Ocean, and the world will never be the same again. There are three new ships to face off against;
The Ironshark has a huge mechanical shark head mounted on its bow,
The Bloodship is a deadly war machine with giant pincers snapping open and shut,
The Deathgalley sails into battle alongside the other ships and is a deadly support vessel for Khorne.
Beastmen
In Man O' War: Corsair Update 0.2, sailing in these vessels along with the more depraved sailors are the fearsome Beastmen, ready to face the unwary in battle.
Port Attacks.
Every port now has tower defences, containing gun batteries, some ports such as Erengrad and Marienburg have formidable defences that only the foolish or brave would dare attack. Due to a ship's cannon spread, most of your cannonballs will likely miss the narrow target of the towers. So if you wish to become a destroyer of ports then perhaps a more specialised ship like a Hellhammer would be suitable, or any ship that fires one massive projectile.
If you successfully defeat a port you'll need to dock with it, then you'll have a choice to:
Loot (Grabbing what you can from the ports stores)
Raze (Destroying the port and gaining infamy and losing favour with that race)
Cannibalize (Breaking up the port to repair your ship)
We are pushing 32 new ports into this update much, much more than we originally planned, including one extra Kislevite Port, seven Orc Ports, ten Pirate/Smugglers Ports and thirteen Bretonnian Ports.
Orc Ports.
Orc ports are floating wrecks and debris strapped together occupying the deep sea. They spawn defence fleets and raiding parties. You will be able to Loot, Raze and Cannibalize Orc Ports.
Pirate / Smuggler Ports.
If you're tired of working with the Empire and Kislev you can now turn your back on them and start the path to becoming a Pirate! Of course this will take time, you'll need to attack enemies of the Pirates, and eventually you win favour with them and be able to dock in pirate ports, trade and get new missions. You will also be able to to Loot, Raze and Cannibalize Pirate Ports if you decide the Pirate life is not for you.
Bretonnian Ports.
The open world of Man O' War: Corsair is now significantly bigger, not only is Bretonnia open for business but all 3 Bretonnia ships are purchasable and new quests are available in their ports.
The Dragon's Maw.
If you're venturing to L'Anguille, before you see it's a legendary lighthouse you may skirt the edges of the Dragon's Maw. The Maw is a massive expanse of rock formations, littered with the occasional shipwreck. It's the perfect place to lure an adversary if they outgun you. A skilled sailor can weave in and out of the rocks using them as cover.
The Black Leviathan.
The biggest fish in the Old World is now in the Great Western Ocean. It is so large that it can swallow most ships whole. The best tactic when faced with the Black Leviathan is to keep it at range and drive it away with cannon fire.
Improved fast travel
We now allow the player to travel x4 speed.
One more thing
Having listened to the community we have developed the Captain's Cabin. The first part is in update 0.2 and will include a waypoint system to allow you take a break from the wheel on long journeys, walk around your ship and do some target practice with the new small arms target practice system.
Future updates of the Captain's Cabin will enable players to micro manage the ship's performance and crew's morale by assign work such as cleaning the barking irons! This will work hand in hand with specialist crew such as Ship's Cook, Master at Arms and Trader.
Thanks for all the feedback and support on the forums, we are unable to name check everyone who has made a suggestion but we have read them all, so if you see your ideas creep into an update you will have helped shaped the game!
The Steam page for ‘Man O' War Corsair' can be found here – MOW on Steam
The GOG page for ‘Man O' War Corsair' can be found here – MOW on GOG
‘Man O' War: Corsair' press assets are available here – presskit.manowarcorsair.com
Full list of changes;
– Extended world bounds to include Bretonnia
– Added port defences for all ports
– Added ability to Loot, Raze and Cannibalise ports
– Added Orc ports
– Added Pirate ports
– Added new Kislevite Port
– Added Black Leviathan encounters
– Added Khorne encounters
– Added quests around Bretonnia
– Added more music
– Added ability to rebind keys (NB: tutorial UI not yet updated to reflect changed keys – coming soon)
– Changed how ships and characters are streamed to prevent hitching
– Game Time can be increased to x4 while out of combat.
– Game Time no longer pauses on the map screen.
– Right-clicking on the map (or pressing control) will set a waypoint at the mouse position for the First Mate to steer to whenever the captain is not at the wheel.
– Clicking on ships and ports on the map shows additional info
– Camera is now stabilised whilst using spyglass or zoom scope
– Mouse speed whilst zoomed is now the same on both axes
– Sea monsters now drop loot instead of directly rewarding gold.
– Fixed an error with nulls in cutscenes
– Boarding: Headshots now do additional damage.
– Boarding: Crew spread out better whilst fighting, colliders improved.
– Peasants no longer sell blank treasure maps.
– Can transfer cargo between ships in warehouse storage
*Note: Due to complaints again, I switch back and forth between Oloro, Ageless Ascetic and Sen Triplets. So I don't want to focus the deck around my commander.
This deck is a little pet of mine, but I will be getting a new job soon and I want to treat the deck to an upgrade. So I'm taking suggestions on cards that need to be put in and taken out. After I get the deck solidified, I'll be getting it foil, promo, Japanese... the whole shibang. It's meant to win only if you have the skill to play...or you are a maniac like me. Basically its card draw and control till you hit Doomsday or the Etherium Sculpter/Magus of the Future/Sensei's Divining Top combo. No matter what though, you're using only Laboratory Maniac to win. Why did I do this? Because my LGS HATES combo and I wanted to tame the beast into an awesome, under-powered deck that they couldn't complain about. Now that I'm moving, I want to upgrade the deck, but have no where to start from but here. Thanks for the help!
Having to deal with clogged drains is not something that anyone looks forward to. However, it is also a situation that you need to take control of before it becomes worse messing up your entire plumbing system. So here are some things you can do to prevent these from occurring.
Fix in screens
The reason most of the time for blocked drains Gold Coast is because of the garbage that is consciously or unconsciously sent down them. Once these end up sticking on to the walls of the pipes and other parts throughout the pipe, they prevent the free flow of water. And that is the reason why you end up having to have ugly drain encounters. Therefore, to prevent this fitting in a screen on the mouth of the opening in the sink that connects to the pipe, would help a lot.
Don't send the grease down
When it comes to your heart there is a reason that fat is not necessarily recommended as it clogs up the walls of your blood vessels causing cholesterol. This is the same that happens in your sink. When you send down all that grease and fat, it ends up clogging on the walls of the drain. And when that happens overtime there ends up being no space in the walls for the water to flow causing blockages and whatnot. Therefore, make sure that you avoid this practice. Of course, it wouldn't be a big deal to simply call in the assistance of a great plumber, but why do so when you can prevent things beforehand!
Don't use water at high pressure
While you might be in a hurry and want to get work done fast, you might use the water at high pressure. However, on the whole to the system this is definitely not the best thing to do. Water flowing at high pressure is very strong in force and could damage different parts of the system, especially those that have been loosely attached for different reasons. therefore, to prevent things from falling off or coming apart make sure that you avoid opening the tap too fast with water flowing at high speed.
Avoid the hard water
Hard water is not only bad for your skin but for your drainage system as well. this water contains a lot of magnesium, calcium and whatnot that could build in over time inside your pipes. Therefore, to prevent this from occurring now there are water softeners. So, make sure install them to your system too. Take the above tips in to account and avoid having to deal with messy drains!
The Federal Mafia exposes every facet of the government's illegal enforcement of the income tax – and will convince you that Organized Crime in America begins with The Federal Government – which is why the federal government has enjoined me from selling the book, so now I'm posting it for FREE! The government doesn't want you to know what's in this book, so now you can download it for FREE! Just right-click the button below, to save it on your computer. Please share it with everyone you know who will read it.
Right-click the link above to download the entire book for FREE
Note: Its in acrobat format
.
Click above to read this previously BANNED BOOK For FREE! Also Click Here to Get all my other materials for FREE Note: The Federal Mafia by Irwin Schiff, sold on this site for $42 plus shipping but now you can download it and read it for FREE.
Irwin's graciously offering you this book for free because he's been banned from selling it since the government doesn't want you to learn what's in this book. So enjoy! When you read this book, you may want a vintage copy to read offline or to give as a gift to friends, so check Ebay and Amazon. It's very likely to become a collector's item since it's the first book we know of, to be banned in America.
The Federal Mafia , first published in 1980, has sold over 90, 000 copies. It contains procedures for protecting yourself from the illegally enforced "income tax". Even though I cannot sell the book, you can now download it for FREE. Just click the orange "Federal Mafia" link at left. Look on Amazon or Ebay for this book "Schiff's book will knock your socks off"
Ray Briem -- KABC, Los Angeles · "A scathing indictment,"
—David Gold, KLIF, Dallas · "Electrifying,"
—Bob Grant, WABC, New York City · "Irrefutable - an expose to end all exposes"
—Irv Homer, WWDB, Philadelphia · "Detailed.. Compelling. . .Highly persuasive,"
—West Coast Review of Books · "Makes a strong case"
—The Orange County Register, Santa Ana, Ca.
Given the widespread dissatisfaction with the pace and character of China's economic modernization, and the perception that it is neoliberalism at work, these ideas of Schmitt seem beyond wise; they seem prophetic. For the left, he explains, without appeal to Marxism, why the distinction between economy and politics is false and pernicious, and how liberalism functions as an ideology, ignoring or explaining away phenomena central to political life. His idea of sovereignty, that it is established by fiat and is supported by a hidden ideology, also helps the left make sense of the strange hold free-market ideas have on people today and gives them hope that something—a disaster? a coup? a revolution?—might reestablish the Chinese state on foundations that are neither Confucian, Maoist, nor capitalist. (This is where the mystique comes in.)
Students of a more conservative bent actually agree with much of the left's critique of the new state capitalism and the social dislocations it has caused, though they are mainly concerned with maintaining “harmony” and have no fantasies (only nightmares) about China going through yet another revolutionary transformation. Their reading of history convinces them that China's enduring challenges have always been to maintain territorial unity, keep social peace, and defend national interests against other states—challenges heightened today by global market forces and a liberal ideology that idealizes individual rights, social pluralism, and international law. Like Schmitt, they can't make up their minds whether liberal ideas are hopelessly naïve and don't make sense of the world we live in, or whether they are changing the world in ways that are detrimental to society and international order. These students are particularly interested in Schmitt's prescient postwar writings about how globalization would intensify rather than diminish international conflict (this was in 1950) and how terrorism would spread as an effective response to globalization (this was in 1963). Schmitt's conclusion—that, given the naturally adversarial nature of politics, we would all be better off with a system of geographical spheres of influence dominated by a few great powers—sits particularly well with many of the young Chinese I met.
Schmitt's political doctrine is brutal modern statism, which poses some problems in China. Though he was a jurist with a lot to say about constitutions and the rule of law, nothing in his thinking recognizes natural limits to state authority or even explains the aims of the state beyond keeping itself together and besting its adversaries. The Chinese tradition of political thought that begins with Confucius, though in a way statist, is altogether different: Its aim is to build a just social hierarchy where every person has a station and is bound to others by clear obligations, including the ruler, who is there to serve. Central to the functioning of such a state are the “gentlemen” (or “gentry” in some Confucius translations), men of character and conscience trained to serve the ruler by making him a better one—more rational and concerned with the people's good. Though the Chinese students I met clearly wanted to épater their teachers and me by constantly referring to Schmitt, the truth is that they want a good society, not just a strong one.
Enter Leo Strauss, again. The most controversial aspect of Strauss's thought in the United States over the past decade, given the role some of his devotees played in concocting the latest Iraq war, is what he had to say about the “gentleman.” Taking a cue from Aristotle, Strauss distinguished between philosophers, on the one hand, and practical men who embody civic virtue and are devoted to the public good, on the other: While knowing what constitutes the good society requires philosophy, he taught, bringing it about and maintaining it requires gentlemen. Aristocracies recognize this need, democracies don't—which is why the education of gentlemen is difficult in democratic societies and may need to take place in secret. Much was made of this gentlemanly idea in Straussian circles after his death, and as young Straussians became part of the Republican foreign policy apparat, beginning in the Reagan administration, many began seeing themselves as members of an enlightened class guiding America through the “crisis of the West.” (This episode still awaits its satirist.) In this sense there was indeed a connection between Straussianism and the Iraq war.
But for the young Chinese I met, the distinction between sages and statesmen and the idea of an elite class educated to serve the public good make perfect sense because they are already rooted in the Chinese political tradition. What makes Strauss additionally appealing to them, apart from the grand tapestry of Western political theory he lays before them, is that he makes this ideal philosophically respectable without reference to Confucius or religion or Chinese history. He provides a bridge between their ancient tradition and our own. No one I met talked about a post-Communist China, for obvious reasons. But students did speak openly about the need for a new gentry class to direct China's affairs, to strengthen the state by making it wiser and more just. None of them seemed particularly eager to join the Party, which they said co-opted even the most independent thinkers. For the moment, they seem content to study ancient languages, get their Ph.D.s, and take teaching jobs where they evidently hope to produce philosophers and gentlemen. They are not in a hurry. Rome wasn't built in a day.
Mark Lilla is a professor of the humanities at Columbia University. This article ran in the December 30, 2010, issue of the magazine.
Click here to subscribe to TNR and follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Pawlenty Steals From Jobs So He Can Claim He Tuned Down ObamaCare
Ever wonder where your governor's heart is? In Minnesota, it's not with jobs; it's with political ambitions. Last week, MN Gov. Tim Pawlenty (R) issued an executive order that directs state agencies to opt out of discretionary aspects of the new healthcare reform law.
This means that Minnesota will forego millions in early funding.
Hotline OnCall reports Pawlenty saying:
“It's really straight forward in this sense: I don't like Obama-care, I think it's misguided policy at a level that's deeply concerning to me and certainly to others, so I want to do what I can to stop its implementation.”
A note to Republicans: You don't like being called “teabaggers” and insist that we call you “Tea Partiers” so maybe you should apply the same rules to “ObamaCare”, which you intend as a slur, but which is actually a huge compliment. Yes, the President cares. Please explain why this is a bad thing the next time you have the guts to be interviewed anywhere other than Fox News. In the meantime, try “the healthcare law”. It's accurate and makes you sound a bit less frat bratish.
Pawlenty makes a lot of noise about being a fiscal conservative, but Hotline further reports:
“Pawlenty's motives may be called into question, too, for deciding to accept $260M in federal funds for medical assistance aid. On Tuesday, Pawlenty sent a letter to HHS Sec. Kathleen Sebelius requesting funding for Medicaid expansion. That money comes from jobs legislation, rather than from health care legislation, and Pawlenty has insisted there is no inconsistency to his dual positions.”
In other words, he's diverting money from jobs legislation to pay for Medicaid expenses because he turned down the early funding from the healthcare legislation. Minnesotans, I hope you don't need jobs, because your governor is putting his career ahead of your needs. Perhaps since Minnesota's unemployment rate is a relatively lower 6.8 percent, Pawlenty feels he can get away with this, but there are still 6.8 percent of his constituents who are looking for work. And 6.8 percent of people looking for work is not a comfy number. Has Pawlenty forgotten that one in six U.S. factory jobs have disappeared between 2000 and 2007? This isn't the time to be messing around with money meant for jobs legislation. We are in a recession.
This money also came from the stimulus bill Pawlenty labeled as “reckless”. But I guess when no one is looking, it's okay to dip into the stimulus that he railed against in order to put on a show about turning down parts of “ObamaCare”. Perhaps the relentless pressure from the state's biggest private employer, the Mayo Clinic, finally caused Pawlenty to cave.
And it gets worse, because the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office released a letter last week saying that Obama's healthcare reform legislation would reduce the projected budget deficit by $30 billion in 2020, while repealing it would increase the deficit by an estimated $455 billion. Which means that this “Big Show about ObamaCare” isn't worth the air they expel when ranting about the healthcare law, because the healthcare law IS the fiscally conservative alternative to an ongoing problem.
Pawlenty's putting on a charade of being “fiscally conservative” so he can run as an ideologically pure Republican in 2012 at the expense of job legislation that would benefit his state. He is doing this by taking money from the stimulus he railed against. So he's robbing Peter to pay Paul and then labeling it fiscally conservative. In doing so, he has exposed himself as a cynical hypocrite and admitted that both the stimulus and the healthcare law were necessary.
It's easy to put on a show of saying no, but governing is another matter. Would anyone really want someone this disingenuous about his own beliefs anywhere near the White House?
Pawlenty has now joined other stimulus critics Bobby Jindal (R ) and Rick Perry (R) in railing against the stimulus and healthcare reform but being the first in line to hold their hand out for those big, fat, federal government checks.
How does it feel to admit Obama was right, boys? And that you were too busy putting on a show to actually stand by your supposed convictions? These Bushian fiscal policies are disingenuous and disrespectful of the people's intelligence. Clearly, Republicans don't mean the things they say they stand for. So the question becomes, just exactly what do Republicans stand for, other than “no” and “gimme”?
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Rafael Nadal may be set to overtake Novak Djokovic and regain the world number one spot, but he was beaten by his rival in the China Open final.
An inspired Djokovic won 6-3 6-4 against his Spanish opponent, who will move to the top of the men's rankings on Monday after reaching the final.
The Serb, who broke in each set on his way to winning, said: "I needed this.
"I wanted to win against Nadal, who has been the best player so far in 2013. It's important for my confidence."
Djokovic, who won the China Open for a fourth time, started strongly and set the tone for the match by breaking Nadal's first service game as he raced into a 3-0 lead.
Nadal in focus Nadal will become world number one again on Monday for the first time since July 2011
The Spaniard has won the French Open and US Open in 2013
He has won 65 of his 69 matches this year
The break proved crucial as the Serb produced some impressive tennis, with the timing and depth of his strokes not allowing Nadal the chance to get his game going.
Djokovic dragged Nadal out wide with his serve and struck a powerful forehand into open space to wrap up the opening set after 35 minutes.
The start of the second set saw Djokovic immediately break the Spaniard again and he continued to hold the initiative in commanding style.
He took the following game to love and, as Nadal struggled to put pressure on his serve, went on to secure an emphatic win.
Djokovic added: "It's been an incredible week again at the China Open and I still haven't lost a match here - I just love the conditions, the court and the atmosphere that goes around the tournament.
"I managed to stay tough and not drop my concentration, which I think [happened] in both Montreal and at the US Open in the important moments.
"I've learnt my lesson from a few very tough and close matches that I lost against Rafa on hard courts, especially the last one in the US Open final."
Nadal, who will return to the top of the rankings for the first time since July 2011, failed to engineer a break point as his run of 21 matches unbeaten came to an end in Beijing.
He said: "I couldn't see a way to stop him and he was too strong for me.
"I didn't play my best match. It was difficult to create spin on this ball and he was able to hit all the balls where he wanted.
"When that's happening against a player like Novak, you are dead - you don't have a chance."
Over the last year, Nelly Furtado has aligned herself with the pop auteurs of today, recording and performing with Dev Hynes and teasing at a remix with fellow Canadian Kaytranada. It's been five years since her last album, The Spirit Indestructible, and just two months after releasing the pulsing single "Islands Of Me," Nelly is officially back with "Pipe Dreams." It's a song to vibe out to, courtesy of the grooviest organ ever, and gives an idea of what to expect from her upcoming album The Ride, out March 3, 2017.
ADVERTISEMENT
Don't sell me no pipe dreams, I want to live in a kaleidoscope , Nelly sings about the false hope of dreaming even when you want to live in a fantasy. "A lot of [The Ride] touches on that, in terms of sanity versus reality. The comedown, the hangover after the rush, and how you put the pieces back together, and how you make amends with the realer parts of life," she told The FADER.
One of the most understudied and underestimated impacts of Islamophobia is the ingestion of problematic notions about the religion by Muslims themselves, particularly those of the younger generation who are experiencing multiple attacks against their faith. Internalized racism involves ingesting, often subconsciously, acceptance of the dominant society's stereotypes of one's group. The harms of internalizing oppression go far beyond legitimizing discriminatory practices to neutral observers; they destroy the first line of resistance to bigotry. Colonized mindsets and internalized racism are often subconscious, their messages primarily subliminal. The most susceptible group to these subliminal messages are young children whose cognitive limitations do not allow them to consciously reflect on those negative messages.
It is very powerful to experience validation of your struggles and experiences. And the opposite, ie. having them invalidated or undermined, is also powerful. Muslim adolescents living as minorities have to deal with a dangerously high level of cognitive dissonance when attempting to formulate a cohesive identity. At school, they often feel as though they betray the “Islamic” part of themselves by engaging in things they know are displeasing to God. At home, they feel as though they betray the “American” part of themselves by doing things their classmates would laugh about. The more they act in opposition to their values, the deeper the struggle becomes. Constructing a strong identity based on deep conviction and confidence can lead to a healthier young Muslim individual that feels valued and responsible for contributing to society as a whole.
In racism-related clinical interventions, young people are taught to seek same-race role models as a means of reframing the self-blame experience. The need for contemporary Muslim philanthropists, sports heroes, and champions of peace and justice that have excelled while staying true to their convictions and identity offers a reassuring narrative capable of modifying perceptive attributions that promote internalized Islamophobia. That is why it is important for society as a whole to embrace the Muhammad Ali's of the world in their full Muslimness and Americanness. We cannot continue to speak of Muslims only as foes or friends in the war on terror. Confidence in their identity allows them to not be stifled by voices of bigotry, or manipulated by voices of extremism.
See the full study on young American Muslims internalizing Islamophobia here: https://yaqeeninstitute.org/omar-suleiman/internalized-islamophobia/
Sharing is the Root of all Contention
Software Mercenary Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 28, 2015
And contention is the root of all discontent.
On Ending Collective Code Ownership
So I was looking at one of many e-mails from programming recruiters, and due to its relation to C++ game development, I took an interest.
I'm rarely willing to respond to these recruiters because everywhere I go, I keep running into the same organizationally-imposed engineering problem. I'm not yet desperate enough for cash to take the bait, but I ultimately responded to the e-mail because I wanted to use the dialogue as an opportunity to articulate my recent understanding of this problem.
Over the past few days, I have come to understand that the most pernicious difficulties engineers face have one primarily cause — unnecessary organizationally-imposed contention.
I will try to explain.
In modern corporate ideology, the more ownership and responsibility is shared, the better things are supposed to be. But as Herb Sutter wryly pointed out, sharing is the root of all contention. Of course, Herb was talking merely about the hazardous technical aspects of sharing state among concurrent processes… but I think the wisdom in his statement may echo much further than he may have intended.
Undemocratic socialism — that is, the kind of authoritarian socialism you find in corporations that follow this lazy share-everything ideology, doesn't have positive effects. For those of you who have lived in these miniature dystopias for any length of time, you know it breeds dead-locks, bickering, politics, resentment, misery, project risk, and turnover — while at the same time minimizing team output by at least an order of magnitude.
So being the hopeless fool that I am, I decided to respond to the solicitation above with a suggested approach that would drive a stake in the heart of this nonsense as deeply as one man can, at least in his own corner of the engineering world. Here is the full text of the e-mail -
Hi!
I find this type of position interesting as a lead engineer.
However, I am looking for some specific organizational capabilities for this position. I have found needless contention to be at the root of most engineering and organizational problems, so I strongly advocate an organizational approach that minimizes it. Here is an outline of the 5 disciplines that I advocate to minimize engineering and organizational contention among engineers -
1) Do not adhere to collective code ownership, but rather delegate ownership of individual code modules according to engineer's interest, expertise, and availability. If the scope of the delegated module grows, the owning engineer may in turn delegate sub-modules to other engineers as needed. Delegated code ownership minimizes engineering contention by removing unnecessary sharing of code and disambiguating engineering responsibilities.
2) I adhere to a modular approach to C++ programming that I would ask the team follow — https://github.com/bryanedds/das [EDIT: this is how you achieve the same type of modularity in F#]. This approach minimizes engineering contention by allowing engineers to collaborate mostly only at the boundaries of their code's contracts rather than inside implementation details. In practice, object-orientation does not achieve this, but rather ends up exploding engineering contention instead.
3) I require the team members to test their own code via interfaces they provide to the rest of the team according to the level of abstraction — from unit tests at the bottom, to integration tests in the middle, to smoke and compliance tests at the top.
4) I strongly advocate for closed, private spaces for each engineer, as that reduces unnecessary social contention. If an engineer is not happy where they are placed, they can be relocated somewhere more desirable to them, thus reducing cultural contention.
5) I ask team members to understand the advantages of minimized engineering and organizational contention, and ask them to bring other problems caused by needless contention to my attention.
If this approach is acceptable in the context of this position, I am very excited to talk further about it!
Now, who wants to bet that any of that will fly? Anyone? Anyone at all?
I wouldn't. And the reason I wouldn't is because the ideology of undemocratic socialism is so deeply embedded in corporate America, that I'd be lucky if my response were considered anything other than a joke.
But this is no joke. The disastrous consequences of the American corporate ideology underlies pretty much all the misery engineers experience on a daily basis - the fubar'd code bases that antagonize us endlessly, the broken software that is shoveled out to the consuming public, and the skyrocketing costs of development.
When I don't get a response, I'll move on just as if I never wrote the e-mail. But maybe this medium article will have some impact, and get some engineers thinking that maybe, just maybe, we've been moving in some wrong directions for the past 20 years.
At any rate, here's more cute cuddlies ‘sharing' together :)
Which can only end in bloodshed.
ADDENDUM:
A reader karlhungus gave a thoughtful response at reddit to this article as follows -
“At least one of the reasons for collective code ownership i understood was to reduce risk wrt losing team members. I always thought it increased enjoyment of people working on it, because it people got to work on different domains. The notion of staying in one area seems like you'd loose these good things.
“I've worked in cube farms, separate offices, and the current “pod” environments. I'm very much in favor of the current pod model (teams work in open rooms, with lots of separate spaces people can go to work alone if they prefer that). Doesn't the ability to choose which works for you seem superior to everyone in offices?”
I took the opportunity to reply with additional detail:
“I didn't go into full detail, but in order to reduce the bus factor, in addition to each module having an owner, you also have a code steward. In addition to having the steward help the owner review the code, it's also the steward's responsibility to pitch in where the owner needs some temporary help, be the first to be delegated any newly hatched sub-module, or even be able to replace the owner should he, well, get hit by a bus.
“If a person enjoys working in multiple domains, there's nothing keep them from getting ownership over various modules. But not all engineers can or should be treated like plug-compatible components.
“If certain individuals would prefer to work in a more open environment, that should be their option. But again, that's not how everyone works best, so forcing an open environment on everyone is a bad practice due to the social contention it creates among those who don't like it, in my experience.
“Minimizing contention in the work place does have trade-offs, of course, but on balance, I think it's an order of magnitude better than the contention-maximizing models that most companies have in place. To the point where I simply won't work for those types of companies.”
Thanks deeply, Karl, for the fruitful discussion!
ADDENDUM 2:
Thanks Reddit user hu6Bi5To for more interesting discussion!
“I've seen the code-owners model degenerate into chaos and conflict more often than collective code ownership.
“Why?
“Well, the ultimate answer is that there's no silver bullet and different things work for different people, but some specific problems with code-owners revolve around the fact that some modules are more prestigious than others, there is competition to own certain modules. Also, it's quite common for a change to cross modules, unless by some miracle your team structure matches every eventuality perfectly; in this case the implementation can differ massively depending on which owner is the primary owner of the change, they will prioritise their own needs first. In passive-aggressive cultures (it happens) this can break down massively, Person A wanting to retain ownership of component X making changes in such a way that Person B owning component Z has to constantly react to, falling behind the component Z schedule.
“TLDR — collective code-ownership involves a lot of contention, but code ownership is massively political.”
My response:
“My experience is that collective code ownership falls into chaos 100% of the time, and that the conflict which would otherwise happen at the boundaries of modules instead moves upward into the organization. Which is probably the worst thing you can do.
“What you end up with is a code base of near-zero quality because no one is long vested in taking care of any of it, a bunch of disenfranchised engineers being treated like interchangable code monkeys, systematic brain drain of your best engineers because no one has any pride of ownership, software architects who act more like politicians than engineers since they know none of the invariants they implement will go unmangled, turnover that rivals that of a fast-food chain, and product releases that are of low to middling quality.
“With code ownership, there is still going to be some conflict, but it's contained explicitly, minimized, and doesn't escalate up to the organizational level.
“And in your case, if the team lead see malicious acts like those undertaken by your Person A, then Person A can be moved to a less important module, and if continues to act maliciously, ultimately removed from the organization.
“Humans are often political, the best you can do is make it explicit where it's unavoidable and work to minimize it. I would venture to guess that you saw more politics in ownership not because there is more, but because it is less hidden than in collectivization. Like bad code, politics is best made explicit such than it can perhaps be dealt with directly. In collective code ownership, it is so hidden that there is no hope to address it.
“In my analysis, reducing engineering and organizational contention is the best possible way to minimize politics. If there were a way to get rid of politics entirely in software engineering, I would advocate that.
“TLDR — there's not less politics in collective code ownership, it's just that it's more indirect. Code ownership makes it more explicit, thus allowing it to be addressed directly.”
TOM FITTON: Does Bruce Ohr Hold The Key To Proving Collusion Between FBI, DOJ, DNC & Hillary Clinton? (VIDEO)
Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton joined One America News Wednesday to discuss the significance of Justice Department official Bruce Ohr in the Fusion GPS dossier scandal.
“The fact that the Senate Intelligence Committee is brining in Bruce Ohr, this Justice Department official involved with Fusion GPS and the Clinton dossier, shows you where the collusion scandal is,” Fitton told OANN‘s John Hines.
“It's with the Clinton campaign, the DNC, the FBI, the Justice Department,” listed Fitton before asking, “how did they use this dossier?”
“How did they use this dossier? Was Mueller using this dossier? Was it used to justify to a court to get warrants to spy on Trump and his team?”
“That's the collusion,” added Fitton.
“Bruce Ohr is the first indication that we have that the Justice Department was involved in this dossier that's been so controversial.”
Why did Ohr visit with Fusion GPS then asked Fitton? This may have the key to proving the Justice Department, FBI, DNC & Clinton campaign colluded to smear Donald Trump with unverified information.
Video credit: Judicial Watch
Fox Business Network reported Monday afternoon that demoted Justice Department official Bruce Ohr unexpectedly ditched his hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee.
“Demoted Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr was set to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee today. The testimony never happened,” reported the news network.
Demoted Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr was set to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee today. The testimony never happened. pic.twitter.com/9vNRe5qukk — FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 18, 2017
Asked if he was surprised by the news, Fitton replied, “unfortunately it's par for the course from the Justice Department and FBI in terms of cooperating with Congress,”
“You may remember Andy McCabe had to reschedule his interviews last week and to have this key official not show up is just incredible.”
.@JudicialWatch President @TomFitton on Ohr hearing: "To have this key official not show up is just incredible." pic.twitter.com/CAq1TKoiTU — FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 18, 2017
Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson recently admitted in a court document that his firm hired Nellie Ohr, the wife of Bruce Ohr to investigate then-candidate Donald Trump.
News of Ohr ditching his hearing comes amid GOP Rep. Jim Jordan revealing to Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro Saturday evening that the House Judiciary Committee will subpoena FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, counterintelligence agent Peter Strzok, lawyer Lisa Page, and demoted Justice Department official Bruce Ohr along with his wife and former Fusion GPS employee Nellie Ohr “in their ongoing inquiry into claims of bias against President Donald Trump.”
CLOSE Two Americans - one U.S. service member and one civilian died Wednesday as a result of wounds sustained in an attack near a coalition base in Kabul, Afghanistan according to the U.S. military. USA TODAY
Reporting from Afghanistan (Photo11: USA TODAY)
Two Americans — one U.S. servicemember and one civilian — died Wednesday after an attack near a coalition base in Kabul, Afghanistan, according to the U.S. military.
The incident occurred at Camp Morehead, an ammunition supply point outside Kabul. U.S. personnel were visiting the site as part of their train, advise and assist mission, said a U.S. defense official, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the incident. The gunman opened fire at an entry point and was killed.
The U.S. Department of Defense Policy has not released the names of the Americans killed, pending next-of-kin notification.
"Anytime we lose a member of our team, it is deeply painful" said Gen. John W. Nicholson, commander of U.S. Forces-Afghanistan and Resolute Support. "Our sympathies go out to the families, loved ones, and the units of those involved in this incident."
The attack also wounded others but none with life threatening wounds, the U.S. defense official said.
August was the last time an American was killed in Afghanistan. That attack with an homemade bomb occurred in southern Afghanistan killed Staff Sgt. Matthew Thompson, a Green Beret, who was accompanying Afghan troops fighting resurgent Taliban forces in Helmand province. In May, two gunmen dressed in Afghan uniforms killed two Romanian soldiers in southern Afghanistan.
Contributing: Tom Vanden Brook
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eRnBmf
As most of you know already, the Team Dignitas League of Legends squad is currently staying in Korea where they will be playing in the Azubu The Champions Summer 2012 tournament. We'll be bringing you all the latest updates from our team in Korea so be sure to check back regularly.
As our team is now in Korea for almost a week we've decided to ask them about their first impression of Korea. Besides of the pig intestines﻿ meal (that only Scarra seemed to enjoy) the team is doing very well and have settled in already.
Let's have a look at what the team has to say.
Scarra: "Korea has been a very interesting experience so far. The rooms themselves are unusual with open showers and our gaming room is just an apartment room with 5 computers and desks inside. The food has been great with a multitude of flavors from spicy to chewy. I got the team to try pig intestines and everyone hated it but me lol.
CLG lives next to us, and we hang out quite a bit. Recently, CLG just qualified from the prelims into the ro16 at the same time that hotshot had his birthday, so we've been going out to celebrate quite a bit. We are starting to organize scrims against teams and hope to practice a lot in the upcoming weeks."
Crumbzz: "I like Korea. The conditions may not be optimal but we can get around since we have some friends and people that speak korean to help us out. I like the food for the most part and are not sick and not kidnapped yet. The living conditions are normal, nothing too fancy but I dont care about that, we're not here to sleep.
The only complaint I have been the gaming room, I don't care that it's small and what not but the chair is killing me, need to use a pillow on my ass and my back hurts from the pose after a while. 7.5/10"
I Will Dominate: "Korea is an extremely interesting place. Unfortunately we havent been able to experience much of the culture, as we are still setting up our gaming room and getting settled in.
So far we have had mostly good food with the exception of one adventure we had with pig intestines. Overall we have had a relatively smooth transition into the gaming house and are looking forward to the OGN tournament."
L0CUST: "Our place is alright. There are lots of shops everywhere, but not knowing the language makes going places difficult. Luckily we have some friends over here that have been helping us get around, and It's nice to be living next door to CLGna since they lived here for the last OGN League.
Living in Korea will be a good experience and it will make the team much stronger, which is our main goal with the season two championship not too far away.﻿"
Imaqtpie: "I love korea because the food is delicious and the weather is nice. The only problem so far is the hotels, they could use some improvement.﻿"
Time Warner Cable customers frustrated with the ongoing CBS blackout — and the Eye's blockade of the operator's broadband users from watching full episodes at CBS.com — may have turned to piracy in greater numbers to watch the latest episode of Stephen King's “Under the Dome.”
About 14.6% of illegal copies of this Monday's “Under the Dome” were downloaded in New York, L.A. and Dallas, up from 10.9% for last week's episode, according to the blog site TorrentFreak. In Gotham, the rate of illegal downloads of “Under the Dome” more than doubled (from 1.3% of all U.S. downloads last week to 3% for Monday's ep).
SEE ALSO: Comcast Developing Anti-Piracy Alternative to ‘Six Strikes'
The data is not conclusive, TorrentFreak acknowledged, noting that it is unable to track which pirates are Time Warner Cable broadband customers and that additional research would be need to determine the long-term effect of CBS-TW Cable blackout on piracy.
At around 5 p.m. Eastern on Aug. 2, Time Warner Cable removed CBS stations in Gotham, L.A., Dallas-Ft. Worth and a few other smaller markets, after the companies could not agree on retransmission terms despite weeks of negotiations and deadline extensions. The operator also removed Showtime and other CBS-owned cablers. Since then the companies have waged a PR battle, each accusing the other side of not negotiation in good faith.
Related Jo Ann Ross on Innovation in Measurement & Ad Formats Appeals Court Upholds Ruling in Favor of AT&T-Time Warner Merger
Meanwhile, TV ratings for “Under the Dome” may have taken a hit from the blackout, with noticeable audience drops in L.A. and Dallas for the Aug. 5 airing. Monday's episode averaged a 2.5 rating/7 share in adults 18-49 and 10.2 million viewers overall — down about 10% from last week and the show's lowest same-night result to date. At the same time, the ratings decline may have largely been attributable to competish from season finale of ABC's “The Bachelorette.”
Previously, CBS said it expected the Time Warner Cable blackout would have a 1% impact on national ratings.
CBS has a licensing pact for “Under the Dome” with Amazon.com, under which episodes are available four days after telecast on the Internet retailer's Prime Instant Video service. But evidently, four days is too long to wait for some.
SEE ALSO: Time Warner's Bewkes: Piracy of HBO ‘Game of Thrones' Is ‘Better Than an Emmy'
DJ Shadow believes in following your instincts at all costs, steering clear of crowd-pleasing even if it makes life more difficult. Twenty years on from his seminal album Endtroducing…, the production pioneer talks us through the mentality that's shaped a singular career.
Share this...
Linkedin
It might be difficult to imagine now but Josh Davis was an innovator long before the world embraced him as DJ Shadow. As a middle-class suburban kid in Davis, California, he learned how to mould genre-bending beats while still in school, even co-founding the underground label Solesides by the time he got to university.
Today, Shadow's name is inextricably tied to 1996's Endtroducing…, his first and most famous album. Sounding like nothing else that had come before it, the record turned a chaotic array of source material into a postmodern masterpiece – setting the benchmark by which his four albums since are inevitably judged.
But it's the trickle of low-profile releases and collaborations in-between LPs – as well as the music he showcases on his own label, Liquid Amber – that reveals the bigger picture: someone who's constantly exploring the possibilities of music for its own sake.
The only time Shadow even entertained the idea of homogeneity was on his last album: 2011's The Less You Know, The Better. It was intended as a parting gift to listeners who may have felt alienated by the more extreme elements of his catalogue. But that didn't work, he says now. Nobody heard the damn thing.
So this time, for new album The Mountain Will Fall, Davis took his first DJ gig in 10 years and began immersing himself in the minutiae of what it means to make contemporary music. Now that he's come out the other side of that process, Shadow explained some of the most important insights gleaned from the very outset of his journey.
Always fear boredom
“One of the many reasons I could never make Endtroducing Junior or whatever is that if I ever start making a track and I feel like I'm treading familiar ground, I just shut down creatively. I can't continue. So that's why with every album I always try to mix it up, whether it's making music on a new platform or reaching out to a different type of artist.
“That's also why I don't make albums every year or two years: I feel like I need to live and experience things and learn from my peers, not only from the present but the past – things I never listened to before – to have something to say or even just to know what to say. To me, a career is this ever-expanding geometric shape and I'm always trying to add a new plane to it. I don't want to go over the same portion I've already done.”
Learn to manage expectations
“It's really difficult for me to externalise or anticipate people's reactions. And I think on a certain level I probably shouldn't try to do that, especially during the music making. I thought everybody would hate ‘Organ Donor'. I thought [Mo Wax's James] Lavelle would ask me to take it off the record.
“The only reason I felt that way is because I made it really quickly and it felt fun. It wasn't difficult the way most of my songs are, so I thought he would just hate it. But I hear music all the time that I think will be a hit and then isn't. I hear music I think is terrible and it becomes a massive success, so I definitely do not have that skillset to be able to anticipate – not only in my music but in other people's – what's going to work or not work.
“I've had more knock-backs than success, definitely. If you've been making music as long as I have, you have to put aside any distant memories of selling 40,000 copies in a week – of a 12-inch! Now you're like, ‘Five thousand people were willing to download it for free – yay! We're makin' moves!' You definitely have this massively re-calibrated notion of what success is. But that shouldn't be why you're doing it in the first place anyway.”
Recognise what getting ‘in the zone' really means
“To me, good music always has a certain amount of sacrifice connected to it. In all honesty, any second-guessing I do isn't about, ‘Will people like it?' or ‘Will this person I admire think I'm cool?' It's more about feeling like I'm in touch with my ability to make emotionally resonant music, so I have to allow myself the space to tap into that frequency. That means if I have a day where I look at my phone and it's like, ‘Right, got a call with my lawyer at nine, then an hour to work on music, then a haircut, then more music' – those days don't work out for me in terms of creativity. I need a clean slate.
“It's taken 25 years of making music to become efficient at knowing what the right circumstances are for me to tap into a certain subconscious frequency. That's not to say I have some gift or anything. But from listening to spiritual jazz – the only genre that talks about things like ‘God frequencies' – it's been rewarding for me to experience that music and learn about that because I never knew what to call that connection I was trying to make.
“Everyone calls it ‘the zone' but you can be in the zone and still not tap into the frequency. There's more to it than that. It has to do with a state of mind, a clarity and a willingness to lay yourself out there, to go to places that you maybe don't want to go on a regular basis.”
Appreciate the moment
“The one thing I wish I'd done a little bit more is to be aware of the moment when you're ‘that dude'. What I mean by that is I had no idea when I was ‘that dude'. I was getting all these offers submitted to me; all these people from Hollywood were calling me up. I didn't realise the currency I had in that moment just after Endtroducing… came out. There were any number of opportunities. I was literally offered to remix the Star Wars theme. And sure, some of them sounded like shit ideas and still do. I turned down 99 per cent of them. But I thought, having never gone through it before, that once you were the dude then you always would be. I quickly realised, ‘Oh wait, I'm not the dude anymore. He's the dude.' It's the next person to come along where all of a sudden everyone wants a piece of them.
“And I guess while I don't regret any of my decisions, I wish I had been more aware of what I was experiencing. Rather than possibly consider some of those things that were thrown my way, instead what I did was kind of let James [Lavelle] and Steve Finan, who was the other half of Mo' Wax, navigate me towards committing exclusively to UNKLE directly after Endtroducing…
“Again, I don't regret it; don't begrudge them. Nothing like that. It's just that by choosing to do that, I didn't realise what I was inherently choosing not to do. I wouldn't change it but [if I could go back] I would tell myself, ‘Just be aware and try to enjoy it more.' Because I don't tend to enjoy the very rare successes that come along. Most of it is varying degrees of disappointment. The odd occasion you do have genuine success, it's kind of hard to trust it. I didn't feel like I was allowed to enjoy it at the time.”
Be careful how you balance craft and career
“I'm very much a pragmatist. I do free shows all the time but I can't do that if I don't also do shows that pay me money. Because I have bills. I have two children. I have a lawyer. I have a manager, a publicist. I have a business manager. I have digital management. There's literally a machine that needs to be fed on a monthly basis. Somehow I've figured out a way in my mind to be creative and true and inherently sound and to be able to protect what it is that I do…
“I did a big car advertisement last year and it was something that at various other times I've turned down. But I accepted it because I knew it would basically fund the ability for me to make an album. It meant that I didn't have to hit up anyone for an advance. It meant that I didn't have to stay on the road for another six months and try to save up money. It meant that I could get off the road and have nine months without worrying about paying the bills.
“It's a treacherous ride down the river and you have to constantly navigate any number of dangers. It's definitely not for the faint of heart, for sure. I'm not saying I'm anything special or anything but when you do sit back once in awhile, you just have to exhale and feel good about the decisions you've made. And I do feel good about the decisions I've made.”
A profile of DJ Shadow appears in Huck 56 – The Independence Issue. Buy it in the Huck Shop now or subscribe to make sure you never miss another issue.
The Mountain Will Fall is out on Mass Appeal.
Enjoyed this article? Like Huck on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
Generally a good direction--am a fan of simple, meaningful symbols that fill a space, such as Music and Weather. It's better -- more iconic, less illustrative.
Since its unveiling at the Worldwide Developers Conference keynote, Apple's new user interface for iOS 7 has proven somewhat controversial with pundits and fans debating whether the direction is a good or bad one. Earlier this week, it was reported that Jony Ive had put Apple's marketing team in charge of the look and color palette for the iOS 7 icons, bringing new blood and a fresh perspective to the operating system.Network World spoke to original Macintosh icon designer Susan Kare and was able to get her thoughts on the new design:Kare's thoughts somewhat echo Jony Ive's comments made during the iOS 7 introduction video , in which he noted that simplicity, clarity and efficiency are some of the goals behind iOS 7.Kare created many of the original interface elements for the Apple Macintosh in the mid-1980s, including the Chicago sans-serif typeface and the "Happy Mac" symbol that greeted early Mac users at startup. She now works as an independent artist
Whether assessing the local climate, calculating the cost of living or understanding how easily you can make friends abroad, choosing a new country to live in comes with plenty of considerations. But when all is said and done, expats in certain countries end up happier than those in others.
To find out where expats were happiest these days, online network InterNations recently conducted a survey of 14,000 expats across 160 countries. The organization asked participants to weigh in on family life, work life, personal finance and ease of settling in to the community.
The countries where residents were happiest spanned the globe, with different factors contributing to each country's ranking: Ecuador scored high on affordability; career opportunities contributed to expats' satisfaction in Luxembourg and Switzerland; and overall friendliness helped Mexico and the US rise to the top.
But what's it really like to live in these expat hot spots? We interviewed people from each country's most populous city to find out.
Guayaquil, Ecuador
Ranking highest in overall satisfaction across a number of factors, Ecuador earned particularly strong marks for its low cost of living and the ease with which newcomers make friends. While plenty of expats settle in the cosmopolitan capital of Quito and in old world Cuenca, many are moving to Guayaquil, the nation's financial centre. Residents said an improving downtown area and rising career opportunities are among the draws.
“Just as New York is considered the financial and business centre and Los Angeles the arts and entertainment mecca of the US, the financial engine of Guayaquil contrasts with the cultural highlights of Quito,” explained Park Wilson, originally from the US, on his expat blog Viva Tropical. “For native Ecuadorians, this contrast can be summed up in a local saying: ‘the money is made in Guayaquil and spent in Quito.'”
But Guayaquil is becoming a cultural hub in its own right. The Malecón 2000 revitalization project, anchored by a 4km stretch of boardwalk, has upgraded the waterfront neighbourhood with a proliferation of restaurants, trendy boutiques and upscale condos. Cerro San Ana, which sits atop a prominent hill (and takes 444 steps to climb), has a bohemian vibe, with artisan shops and great views of the Guayas River.
Luxembourg City, Luxembourg
Career-minded expats find plenty of opportunities in this tiny European country, which ranked second in the survey. According to the results, nearly two-thirds of the expats surveyed in Luxembourg moved there for a job. In fact, expats make up nearly 40% of the population. The large number ensures newcomers have an easy time connecting with fellow foreigners, and also gives the city an international flair
“When I came here for the first time, I was in the main playground of the city, Parc Merl, and it was full of mommies and kids,” said Rute Vendeirinho, a writer who moved from Lisbon in 2012 and blogs about her experiences at her site Expat Mum in Luxembourg. “I was amazed with how many different languages we could hear in that same playground. Everyone was speaking a different language, but everyone was just playing together.”
Connecting with other expats is easy, she said, adding that fellow expats are always willing to help out with information on housing, taxes, schools and other issues. “You only feel alone here if you want,” she said.
While living close to the city centre is popular for singles and couples without kids, it doesn't come cheap – a small bedroom in a shared apartment can easily go for 1,000 euros. But downtown Luxembourg can also get a little sleepy after the workday, so those looking for livelier evenings should check out Clausen, just northeast of downtown. “Clausen is where the high-techies work hard and play hard – Microsoft, Skype and Amazon are here, as well as the hopping nightlife,” said Mike McQuaide, who moved from the US two years ago and writes about his expat experience at An American in Luxembourg.
Those with families generally prefer to live in the city's suburbs, especially because a well-developed bus and train system makes commuting easy. The neighbourhoods of Belair and Merl, both on the west side of the city centre, are popular with expats because of their proximity to the International School. Farther afield to the southwest, Bertrange and Strassen offer more affordable housing options.
Mexico City, Mexico
Mexico makes foreigners feel right at home. The country ranked first in ease of settling in and friendly locals – in fact, 91% of expats reported feeling content in the country, even despite headlines touting its dangers. While personal safety is a concern, Mexico City has seen a drop in crime since 2011, even as crime in other parts of the country has risen. In general, expats find the welcoming nature of locals and the community-oriented culture enough to offset the risks.
“When I first arrived here, I found an amazing sense of family set into the everyday lifestyle,” said Justin Ermini, who moved from the United States to Mexico City two years ago and now works as a chef at Anatol Restaurant. “On Saturdays and Sundays the parks are filled with children playing, families having long lunches together, [and] late family walks after dinner.”
Both the nation's largest city and its capital, Mexico City – or DF, as it's often called, short for Distrito Federal (Federal District) – has diverse neighbourhoods that range from fast-paced to laid-back. “You can be in Polanco living with all the amenities and dining and shopping of any luxury city,” Ermini said. “Coyoacán offers an artsy, hippy-like community feel and Roma is like the new Brooklyn, with speakeasy places, small boutiques and vintage stores.”
About 24km south of the city centre, Xochimilco captures some of the region's more historic aspects, including its Aztec-era floating gardens, a traditional market and colonial-era houses and churches.
Zurich, Switzerland
Much like Luxembourg, Switzerland attracts expats interested in the country's banking industry and financial markets. Zurich, in particular, draws a diverse mix of Swiss German, Swiss French and Swiss Italians, along with other nationalities – and almost everyone speaks English.
“The city has a very high standard of living, so most expats are very comfortable here,” said Gayle Cotton, a former Zurich expat who visits frequently and is the author of the book Say Anything to Anyone, Anywhere! 5 Keys to Successful Cross-Cultural Communication.“In addition, there is a great support system for parents with children, and the schools and medical treatment are excellent.”
Residing in downtown Zurich is expensive, so most expats live in the neighbourhoods near Lake Zurich, such as Kilchberg, Thalwil, Horgen, Zolikon and Meilin. “Commuting to the city is easy with the efficient public transportation of trains, tram and buses,” Cotton said. While making friends here can be challenging due to the formality of the business community and the private nature of Swiss Germans, in particular, the friendships that expats do make can last a lifetime.
New York City, United States
The US ranked fifth overall on the list of the best countries for expats, thanks in part to its citizens' friendliness and the abundance of entertainment options. Most expats reported finding plenty of career opportunities and felt they were able to fit in easily. And New York City – with its diverse population and countless cultural opportunities – is a big draw.
“New York is very energetic and very exciting,” said Mish Slade, a former resident who moved to the city from London in 2012 and writes the Making It Anywhere blog. “There's a particular feeling you get that's unlike anywhere else.” Residents have a get-stuff-done attitude that translates into working hard and also finding adventurous recreational opportunities. “It's a lot more of a let's-make-cool-stuff-happen attitude than a lot of the other cities we've lived in, which have a more let's-see-if-cool-stuff-happens vibe,” Slade said.
The cost of housing does give many potential expats pause, as the city is the most expensive place to live in the US. Yet residents find they can save money on food (“eating out can be really cheap and really good!” Slade said), and by skipping the costs of owning a car in favour of the efficient, easy and affordable subway.
Though New York is fast-paced, those looking for a less frenetic neighbourhood feel might head to the Upper West Side or Park Slope in Brooklyn. Among the eight neighbourhoods she has lived in, Slade preferred the East Village. “In terms of food and location, the East Village is superb – it's easy to get anywhere useful from there,” she said. The West Village, meanwhile, is packed with restaurants and boutiques and maintains a laid-back neighbourhood feel.
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has reportedly shut down several of his companies since the election, including four apparently tied to a possible Saudi Arabia business venture.
Corporate registrations in Delaware show that Trump closed down the businesses days after the election, The Associated Press reported Friday.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Trump Organization's general counsel, Alan Garten, described the business closures as routine "housecleaning," according to the AP. Garten said Trump has no existing business venture in Saudi Arabia.
The president-elect has been under heavy pressure to demonstrate that his business interests will not interfere with his job leading the country.
Trump has pledged to leave his business empire "in total," scheduling a press conference for Dec. 15 with his adult children to explain his plan.
He previously indicated he would turn over control of his company to his children, who remain close advisers on his presidential transition team.
That has led to continued questions about potential conflicts of interest as Trump is poised to enter office next month.
The AP reported Friday that Trump has filed to dissolve at least nine companies since the election.
The Constitution of the First Distributed Republic
To achieve a libertarian society, there must be the constitution of an organization which is able to produce justice and security for its members. The constitution of a republic, or any society, is not based on contract but on agreement – the institution of a contract assumes a neutral arbitrator to whom the contract acts as a witness, and a sovereign society being its own arbitrator, no arbitration ever takes place. The First Distributed Republic is an agreement between libertarians to protect each other's property everywhere in the world, in any state.
I will explain the meaning of the terms constitution and distributed republic. A private society, such as a corporation or a partnership, is constituted by a contract between shareholders and partners over the terms of their association. For example, a partnership contract determines in what share the partners divide earnings, how new partners are made, and under what terms the partnership is to be dissolved.
The constitution of a modern republic is similar. It defines how the processes of legislation and executive direction work, and how new territories are admitted into the republic, or how a territory is allowed to leave (should such a possibility even exist). There is, however, one major difference in the constitution of a partnership and the constitution of a republic. While a partnership contract can be taken to a sovereign's court for enforcement in the case of a dispute (even though often simple arbitration will suffice), the republic is the sovereign itself, and its constitution is not backed by anything more than the agreement of the different parts of society.
So, while the agreement holds, the sovereign organization appears united, once a serious dispute occurs, the different subgroups within the state must decide on their own how to act, and what power they have to use against the other members. Such a crisis occurred in Chile during the presidency of Salvador Allende, who was declared an outlaw president who refused to enforce the constitution (the mandate of the presidency) by the congress, yet whose impeachment only had a simple majority instead of the necessary supermajority as defined by the constitution. The military forces commanded by Augusto Pinochet decided to side with the congress and remove the president, and the legality of this operation has and will forever be in dispute. Another similar event occurred in post-WWII France when, unable to handle the escalating conflict in colonial Algeria, the government of the Fourth Republic was threatened with a military coup by paratrooper units unless its war hero Charles de Gaulle returned to become president. Charles de Gaulle took office as the president with a whole new constitution, the Fifth Republic, that granted the office new powers.
Because the constitution of a sovereign power is backed by nothing more than agreement, any written constitution is utterly meaningless. A written contract only has force when a neutral arbitrator considers it to be the witness of an agreement between its signatories. Disputes within a sovereign power are never settled by a neutral arbitrator, but by the willingness of its members to act to preserve a state of affair. When these members act to create a new state of affair, the constitution of the society has changed completely, regardless of any paper agreements. This is how, for example, the constitution of the United States of America has amendments that are redefined by the courts over time, such as the amendment guaranteeing well-regulated militias with the right to bear arms (the signatory states have long stopped keeping their own independent militias). This is also why a country with no written constitution, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, can have very strong traditions and institutions established in precedent. It is also interesting to consider that the UK, while claiming to be a monarchy in name, has a republican constitution in fact where the monarch has no authority to appoint and remove the commanders of any of the bureaucracies and commissions of the state. This authority rests in the prime minister, whose legitimacy comes from parliamentary elections.
Any sovereign society must have a constitution, otherwise it is nothing more united than a loose confederation or alliance, consisting of many sovereignties. This constitution, however, does not have to be explicit or signed. It must only be acted out.
Having defined what a constitution is, I define what a distributed republic is. A modern sovereign republic is typically associated with a state, that is to say a land area it claims full dominion over, including anything within it. It is often claimed that the state is sovereign interchangeably with the republic being sovereign. However, even within the state, there are areas and people that are not subject to the dominion or sovereignty of the republic, namely diplomatic outposts of other sovereign republics. These are often called embassies and are considered to be sovereign territory off-limits to the agents of the state and/or republic. Diplomats will also enjoy diplomatic immunity from being pulled over in their vehicles, the vehicles will enjoy diplomatic immunity and such strange contraptions as diplomatic bags will also be off-limits to agents of the state. All of these properties are sovereign properties within the state where the state's sovereignty does not extend.
How is this possible? How can the state be terrified of violating the property of such hapless, isolated houses and cars? Because the diplomats, houses and cars are protected by the sovereignty of another republic, associated with a foreign state, within which there exists diplomats and embassies belonging to the former, and which are vulnerable to retaliation should the sovereignty of the latter's domains be violated. Because of this balance of power, the sovereignty of the “encircled” people and properties is respected.
Libertarians do not believe in the need for a state in order to defend themselves. Their stateless society has therefore no need to establish for itself a land area in order to declare its sovereignty. All that it needs in order to achieve sovereignty is for the world's other republics to feel vulnerable to its force. Once a libertarian republic has achieved sovereignty, that is to say that other sovereign powers refrain from violating the property of its citizens out of fear of retaliation, then all the property of all of its citizens achieves “diplomatic immunity”, becoming immune from persecution by the state's agents. Within a state such as the USA, for example, the houses, businesses and vehicles of the members of the libertarian republic are off-limits to the state's agents, and are pockets of sovereignty within the state. This republic is said to be distributed across the property of all of its members, and its boundaries fluctuate depending upon the acquisitions and sales of property, and the addition of citizens and their property. Over time, these citizens may even acquire ownership of small states, starting with villages, counties and towns.
Therefore, for a distributed republic to exist, two conditions must be met;
A libertarian society must have a constitution organizing enough power to threaten the established sovereigns, Diplomatic relations must be established with these sovereigns where they agree to respect the property boundaries of the citizens of the distributed republic, wherever they may be at any time.
I will outline how such a society could be constituted, and how it could achieve the force necessary to obtain sovereignty and diplomatic recognition of other sovereigns, in an upcoming post.
Advertisements
There was never much of a doubt that Fallout 4 would be an absolutely massive game that will surely end up taking a lot of your time. But now, the game's lead producer has said he's played the post-apocalyptic RPG for 400 hours already and still has not seen everything it has to offer.
In an interview with OXM (via gamespresso), Jeff Gardiner said, "I've played the game for probably 400 hours, and I'm still finding stuff that I haven't seen."
Gardiner went to say that this is partly the result of the game's crafting system, which sounds fairly extensive and intricate. He also talked about how players will need to scavenge for very specific items.
"It's all common sense visual stuff. If it doesn't connect to the generator, the power doesn't work. You can actually flag stuff to say, 'I'm looking for this stuff because I want to make this' which means that when you're scavenging anything that fulfills the requirement gets flagged in the world," Gardiner explained. "When you connect stuff to the computer terminal you have a lot of control and sort of fine tuning. If you've got something that plays music, you can actually define how it's playing music."
Fallout 4 launches on November 10 for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC. Recently, Bethesda explained why it has turned down every offer so far to make a Fallout movie and revealed that Fallout 4 was "basically done" before it even announced the project. Bethesda and Sony also recently announced that people who preorder Fallout 4 on PlayStation 4 will receive a special theme.
The Seahawks made a practice squad roster move before the start of Friday's practice at Renton's Virginia Mason Athletic Center, signing 2016 preseason standout rookie running back Troymaine Pope. To make room on Seattle's 10-man practice squad, running back George Farmer was released.
Pope, who originally signed with the Seahawks as an undrafted rookie free agent out of Jacksonville State after the start of training camp this past summer, was waived before the beginning of the regular season on the team's roster cutdown to 53 players. He played in all four of Seattle's exhibition games, carrying 24 times for 162 yards, averaging 6.8 yards per touch and scoring two touchdowns, including an 86-yard rushing effort in the Seahawks' second preseason game against the Minnesota Vikings and adding 52 more yards on the ground in Seattle's final preseason matchup against the Oakland Raiders.
[embedcode:1501]
Pope said the Seahawks hoped to add him to the practice squad after his release, but he was claimed by the Jets, who added him to their 53-man active roster. Pope saw action in one game this season for New York, rushing one time for one yard. He was waived earlier this week, which led to his return to the Pacific Northwest.
"I was just like, ‘I know where I'm going, I'm coming back to Seattle' because I'm more familiar with the atmosphere, the players, and the playbook," the 5-foot-8, 205-pound Pope told reporters on Friday. "I'd just hate to go to a new situation, and this is where I wanted to be, where I'm comfortable at, where I've got friends and brothers in the backfield I could trust.”
Pope said he “didn't know what to think” when he was initially released by the Seahawks this past September. At the time, he said he “really just wanted to get the money” so that he could take care of his 3-year-old daughter, Cassidy.
“Even when I was getting recruited I wasn't always the standout guy, flashy,” Pope said of how he felt following his release after putting together an impressive preseason. "I always made plays, but at the end of the day there was always somebody who was ahead of me, or ‘I'm going to choose him instead of him.' And it's like I'm so used to it I was kind of numb to the situation.
Is the Marvel Universe big enough for three different versions of Thor? The publisher certainly seems to think so as yet another God of Thunder will be joining the Odinson and Jane Foster this summer...
Today's issue of The Unworthy Thor #5 ends with the introduction of a brand-new Thor who calls himself the "War Thor." For reasons revealed in the comic itself, the Odinson no longer requires the Ultimate Thor's Mjolnir (which has survived the events of Secret Wars), so someone else takes it and becomes the version of the character you see below. That means we now have three Thors!
The identity of this "Ultimate" Thor promises to be very interesting and appears to be a mystery which Marvel will tease us with for a while (as they did with Jane Foster). The hero - villain? - will be introduced in The Mighty Thor #20 in June and he looks extremely formidable. Given the white beard and the fact one eye is blacked out, I'm going to place my money on this being Odin! Thoughts?
THE SAGA OF THE ALL-NEW ULTIMATE THOR STARTS HERE! • The Ultimate Thor died defending the Multiverse, but his hammer remains. Who will hold the hammer now? • War is coming to the Ten Realms. Can the new Ultimate Thor keep back the bloody tide?
Kristen Shilton TSN Toronto Maple Leafs Reporter Follow|Archive
With anticipation building feverishly towards a new Maple Leafs season, and expectations suddenly sky-high, the team will kick things off with the opening of training camp on Friday in Niagara Falls. After a weekend away, Toronto will play the first of eight preseason games on Monday in Ottawa, and eventually finalize a roster for the season opener on Oct. 4.
As the next two weeks roll on into a new year, here are five storylines to monitor that could play a factor in the Leafs' 2017-18 campaign.
1. Where does Patrick Marleau fit best as a Maple Leaf?
Bringing in the 37-year-old Marleau as a free-agent winger on a three-year, $18.75 million contract in July was about as splashy a signing as this Leafs regime has made. Now, where is he going to play? Mike Babcock claimed at Thursday's media day that in wooing Marleau to Toronto he didn't get specific about who would be his centre, be it Nazem Kadri, Tyler Bozak or Auston Matthews. While it would be far-fetched to think that after 19 seasons with one organization (the San Jose Sharks), Marleau would move his family across the continent with no assurances regarding linemates or useage on the ice, chemistry is never guaranteed, and Babcock may have to flirt with a few combinations before he finds the right one, for both Marleau and the team. Marleau has put up 25 and 27 goals in his last two seasons, and would benefit from skating with strong playmakers like Matthews and William Nylander. But Zach Hyman spent all 88 games last season super glued to Matthews' left side, and even a tried and true scoring winger like Marleau may not be enough to pry them apart. Transitioning to a shutdown line with Kadri would be a departure after years of playing with Logan Couture, but Babcock has used Marleau in a checking-line role before with Team Canada. The good thing about Marleau, especially given his age (he turns 38 on Friday), is that he's well-rounded, and that versatility will help the Leafs as they sift through a crowded forward group.
2. Did the defence really get better?
Replacing Matt Hunwick with Ron Hainsey is the only major free-agent move the Leafs made to bolster their blueline in the off-season, which on the surface is not enough to say this group is better than it was a year ago, when Toronto gave up the seventh-most goals-against in the NHL at 5-on-5 (and the most by any team that made the playoffs). Even if Hainsey, coming off a Stanley Cup win in Pittsburgh last spring, finds the instant chemistry with Morgan Rielly that the team is hoping for and the two end up a solid top pairing, there are still questions about who will round out that six-man group beyond Rielly, Hainsey, Jake Gardiner and Nikita Zaitsev. Martin Marincin's play in the defensive zone was consistently sub-par last year, to the point he was eventually benched at the end of the season. Connor Carrick is a burgeoning young talent, but at times seemed a beat behind in the d-zone, especially in the postseason. Swedish signees Calle Rosen and Andreas Borgman will both push those two for bottom-six and seven defenceman spots, as will rookie Travis Dermott. An injection of new, youthful players could mean growing pains early on, but might pay dividends in the long run of the season.
3. How much should Frederik Andersen be used in the regular season?
Putting a career-best 66 starts under his belt – and the Leafs on his back at times – last season, Andersen proved he was not just unequivocally a number one goalie but also the team's most valuable player. The question now is how he'll handle the encore. Babcock estimated Andersen's start total as around 60 (but only because he heard another coach asked a question about his goaltending and wanted to use the same answer), and was effusive in his praise of the goalie on Thursday, proclaiming him to be in the best shape of his life. Even if the defence isn't drastically better than it was last year, Andersen faced the second-most shots-against in the league then and still propelled his team to the playoffs. Granted, Andersen got a lot of help from the Leafs' firepower up front, but his steadiness sent ripples of confidence throughout the team. Only Cam Talbot of the Edmonton Oilers started more games (73) than Andersen last year and how much Andersen is deployed will depend, at least in part, on how well returning backup Curtis McElhinney plays out of the gate. McElhinney previously only saw time on back-to-backs and when Andersen was injured, but if the Leafs' goal is increasingly longer playoff runs, managing Andersen properly in the regular season and getting him enough rest should be a top priority.
4. How will the kids fare in Year 2?
A quick look back on the 2016-17 season reveals in no uncertain terms that the Leafs rookie contingency of Matthews, Mitch Marner, Nylander, Connor Brown and company had about as good a freshman year as anyone could have hoped for. The Leafs reaped the rewards of that in the standings, and with at least six, and possibly seven, of those first years expected to be returning in prominent roles for Toronto, how they respond to tighter competition will be a major factor in how the season unfolds. Babcock noted Thursday that guarding against complacency after one good year will be crucial for those rookies in avoiding a sophomore slump, but they have little frame of reference for knowing how the competition will pick up from here as this will be a Leafs team that has lost the element of surprise it had several months ago. The expectations for that former rookie group have grown along with their confidence, but there's a reason the second season is traditionally hardest – the newness of being an NHL player starts to evaporate, and sometimes leaves uncertainty in its place. Avoiding that will be paramount for the team's success.
5. Is Lamoriello just getting started in Toronto?
Taking after his players (or perhaps his players take after him), general manager Lou Lamoriello deflected all personal questions on Thursday about the state of his contract to keep focus trained on the team. Lamoriello's three-year deal expires after this season, during which he'll turn 75 years old. Along with Brendan Shanahan and Babcock, Lamoriello has been the architect of what the Leafs have become to this point, putting a beleaguered franchise on the path to success it's been sputtering towards for decades. But this is only the beginning for the Maple Leafs – does Lamoriello feel the same way about his time with them? The Leafs employ two assistant general managers in Mark Hunter and Kyle Dubas, who also handle the team's pro scouting department and managing the AHL affiliate Toronto Marlies respectively. Dubas was hired by the Leafs in 2014 when he was just 28 years old as an apparent general-manager-in-waiting before Lamoriello arrived the following year. Dubas is a smart and creative hockey mind with good experience stored up now, qualities that have other teams coveting him for their own front offices. What does it mean for his future if Lamoriello signs another long-term contract? Would the Leafs ultimately come to regret losing him in the long run? And, could Lamoriello transition into another role eventually? He wouldn't say on Thursday, but with his fingerprints all over this Leafs blueprint, it's not hard to imagine he'd like to see it through a little further.
SF investigators seek cause of fire that left 58 people homeless
Crews douse the embers of a fire a day after it destroyed a building at Mission and 29th streets. Three people had minor injuries. Crews douse the embers of a fire a day after it destroyed a building at Mission and 29th streets. Three people had minor injuries. Photo: Gabrielle Lurie, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Gabrielle Lurie, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 45 Caption Close SF investigators seek cause of fire that left 58 people homeless 1 / 45 Back to Gallery
Fire investigators on Sunday methodically poked through the smoldering remains of six buildings on the edge of San Francisco's Bernal Heights neighborhood that were gutted over the weekend by a huge fire that left 58 people without homes.
The team of inspectors hoped to pinpoint the origin, path and cause of the fire that kicked up into the unwieldy inferno Saturday afternoon and took firefighters almost four hours to get under control. Remarkably, no one was killed and only three people suffered minor injuries from smoke inhalation.
Many of those left stranded lived at the Greywood, a single-room-occupancy hotel with a history of city code violations on the corner of Mission and 29th streets, where residents first reported seeing and smelling smoke.
Video: Fire in SF's Mission District
“I was in my room, and I thought it was just a drill because the sprinklers weren't working,” said Cristel, who lived at the hotel but didn't want to give her last name.
Dramatic evacuation
While eating breakfast Sunday morning at a shelter at the Salvation Army on Valencia and 23rd streets, the 21-year-old nursing student at San Francisco State University described the dramatic evacuation that happened around 2:30 p.m. the day before.
“People were yelling ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'” she said. “I was panicking. I didn't have time to grab anything, just my backpack.”
She had yet to learn if her books, computer and other school supplies were destroyed.
Joe Williams said he smelled something burning from his room at the hotel and checked a circuit breaker box on the second story. He said smoke and fire shot out of the box and spread so quickly it could not be smothered.
His wife, Tavey Soy, and their son, Joseph, scrambled out of the building with nothing more than the clothes they were wearing and two diapers. The boy recently turned a year old, and all his presents burned in the fire, Soy said. “I'm not really worried about my stuff,” she said. “But he needs his clothes and his diapers.”
Investigators have to first pinpoint the origin of the fire and determine how the flames spread before they can identify the official cause, said Jonathan Baxter, a Fire Department spokesman.
Members of the San Francisco Fire Department's Fire Investigation Task Force began their work early Sunday as crews continued to snuff out pockets of smoldering debris near a smoke-blackened fire engine.
Mission Street between Virginia and Cesar Chavez streets was expected to stay closed to traffic until Monday, Baxter said. Muni buses were cleared to pass though the area around 9:30 a.m. Sunday.
Hardware store destroyed
The 3300 Club, a watering hole on the ground floor of the Greywood, was intact Sunday, but the floor was flooded and the waterlogged celling sagged.
Other establishments were not so lucky. All that was left of Cole Hardware, just south of the Greywood, was its facade. Behind it, scorched lumber lay collapsed in piles. Another apartment building south of the hardware store was ravaged by fire, as were the buildings behind the store.
“I feel bad for all the people living upstairs,” Shukry Lama, 30, whose family owns the 3300 Club, said as he viewed the damage Sunday. “Luckily we're insured, but a lot of the people above us didn't have much. What they had was in that building.”
Greywood residents have filed almost 50 complaints over the past two decades, resulting in numerous citations, according to San Francisco Department of Building Inspection records.
In the past year, inspectors found that a heating system at the hotel was installed without a permit and that possible wastewater was flooding into units. Residents also often complained about circuit breakers that would trip several times a day, cutting off some power to the buildings.
Tom Hui, director of the Department of Building and Inspection, was at the scene Sunday and said he was aware of the complaints.
“We need to find out what's going on, and I'm going to have my staff look into it,” he said.
Hillary Ronen, chief of staff for Supervisor David Campos, whose Ninth District includes the fire-devastated block, rushed to the scene Saturday to translate for Spanish-speaking tenants affected by the fire.
On Sunday, she said she was aware of the building violations and planned to meet with Department of Building Inspection officials to discuss them Monday.
“I'm very concerned, and I want to find out all the details,” she said. “There have been many violations along with eyewitness reports of where the fire originated. We need to find out immediately if there is anything that could have been done to prevent this.”
But code violations at single-room-occupancy hotels, known as SROs, are not unusual, according to tenant advocates.
“The thing is, SROs in San Francisco across the board have building code violations,” said Chirag Bhakta, an outreach and campaign coordinator for Mission SRO Collaborative. “If this fire did indeed originate at the Greywood, it would not surprise me.”
The Greywood's owner did not return phone calls Sunday.
Several recent Mission fires
The fire is the latest large blaze to cause devastation in and near the Mission District, where soaring housing costs have put a suffocating squeeze on lower-income residents.
A January 2015 fire that tore thought a large building at 22nd and Mission streets killed one person and injured six. That was followed by several other large fires, including one two months later that killed a 13-year-old girl and her father in their family home at 24th Street and Treat Avenue.
Evan Sernoffsky is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: esernoffsky@sfchronicle.com Twitter: EvanSernoffsky
Rudy Giuliani speaks to CNN (screen grab)
CNN's Don Lemon suspects that Donald Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani may have had inside information on FBI Director Comey's announcement that he would be reexamining the Clinton emails.
“I saw something, and when I saw it, it caught my attention,” Lemon said in an interview with filmmaker Michael Moore. “I didn't think anything of it until two days later and this was two days before the Comey announcement. This was Rudy Giuliani, watch this,” he said before rolling a clip of Giuliani on Fox News.
“I think he's got a surprise or two you're going to hear about in the next two days,” Giuliani said. “I'm talking about some pretty big surprises.”
“I heard you say that this morning. What do you mean?” the Fox News host Ainsley Earhardt asked.
“You'll see,” Giuliani replied. “We're not going to go down and we're certainly not going to stop fighting. We've got a couple things up our sleeve that should turn this thing around.”
Lemon noted that two days later the Comey letter dropped to Congress. “Do you think he could have known about it?”
Moore seemed shocked. “It sure sounds like he knew something. This man is a former federal prosecutor, worked for the Justice Department, that if somebody slipped him some information there, I mean, that is amazing.”
Moore went on to call for an investigation into both Comey and what Giuliani knew and how he knew it. “I think somebody should be raising questions about him and why this happened why he did it on Friday night, and it's got everybody in the sort of tornado about the e-mails.” He went on to call the video Lemon played a big news item. “Has anybody run it on CNN?” Lemon didn't know.
“Whoever is watching it right now, you just introduced something that needs to be investigated,” Moore said. “Somebody has to answer for what we just saw, that you just showed us, the American people, because that was frightening. Rudy Giuliani, in being so self-assured he knew something would happen.”
The New York Times is asking a similar question. In a Thursday story, the Times noted that Giuliani has bragged “he has a pipeline into the Federal Bureau of Investigation and that agents tell him they are ‘outraged' that they have not been able to bring Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, to Justice.”
It was also revealed that the FBI had the Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin emails for weeks prior to Comey making the announcement.
“Rudy was just having fun,” Trump spokesman Jason Miller told the Times. “To keep the other side on their toes.”
Watch the video below:
The U.S. military is working to develop a new chip technology that, when implanted, will connect human brains to computers -- making cyborgs.
Should the chip succeed, it could have nearly limitless possibilities. The U.S. military's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) often plays a big role in the development of technologies that civilians eventually benefit from, such as GPS or the Internet.
For the US military, it could help warfighters on a number of levels, such as augmenting their senses- hearing, sight and more.
The technology has the potential to restore sight to the blind, transform prosthetics into limbs that function seamlessly like the original one and even possibly control disease.
DARPA recently revealed the new Neural Engineering System Design, or NESD. By investing in research, DARPA hopes to create an implantable neural interface that will connect humans directly to computers at an unprecedented level.
What's a cyborg? By definition, a cyborg is a person whose physical abilities are extended beyond normal human limitations by mechanical elements built into the body.
NESD falls within the Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies (BRAIN) initiative launched by President Obama in 2013. BRAIN is intended to encourage research that will cure or help brain disorders and brain damage.
How does it work?
The new chip will be about the size of sugar cube or two stacked nickels -- that's about one cubic centimeter.
NESD will act as a translator between the brain and digital world. The brain neurons use one language and computers another.
The chip would be implanted in the brain. Once implanted, it will act as a neural interface. Its job is to convert electrochemical signals sent by neurons in the brain. The chip will translate these brain signals into the ones and zeros that computers understand and then translate the computer messages into signals the brain understands.
Currently, human-computer interface technology connects a machine to approximately 100 to 1,000 neurons at a time.
With this revolutionary chip, the tech will connect individual neurons to the machine. And ultimately potentially be able to so with millions of them.
Why does this matter? By leveraging individual neuron connections, the user would enjoy far better and finer control, a reduction in noise and accelerated communication between the human and the linked computer.
So how, for example, would it improve the user's vision? The computer would feed the brain additional digital visual information that augments the user's sense of sight.
For a civilian whose sight is impaired -- the computer would feed the brain the additional data, helping to restore the sight so that they can "See." For the warfighter, think feeding visual data in a higher resolution than is currently possible. Maybe even potentially augmenting them to "see" with Superman X-ray vision or seeing through the eyes of a drone.
Why haven't cyborgs been successful yet?
Current human neural interfaces squash massive amounts of data through about 100 channels. Each of these channels then aggregates signals from thousands of neurons. This approach means you get an outcome that is messy and noisy.
NESD aims to create a system that solves these problems. The groundbreaking tech will allow clear and individual communication with any one of the neurons -- and up to a whopping 1 million neurons - in a given region of the brain at any time.
"Today's best brain-computer interface systems are like two supercomputers trying to talk to each other using an old 300-baud modem," explained DARPA NESD Manager Phillip Alvelda, in the defense agency's news release. "Imagine what will become possible when we upgrade our tools to really open the channel between the human brain and modern electronics."
Next steps
DARPA's proposal says that the chip will be part of wider advances. For some goals to be achieved, further breakthroughs will be needed in medical device manufacturing and packaging, synthetic biology, neuroscience, low-power electronics and photonics.
The agency is encouraging those with expertise and promising ideas to participate and is hosting a Proposers' Day meeting on Feb. 2 and 3. DARPA anticipates investing up to $60 million in the NESD program over four years.
Ballet dancer turned defense specialist Allison Barrie has traveled around the world covering the military, terrorism, weapons advancements and life on the front line. You can reach her at wargames@foxnews.com or follow her on Twitter @Allison_Barrie.
Source: Tommy Lakes/The42
FOR EVERY ASPIRING MMA fighter, the outlook is the same.
Standing out from the crowd on the regional mixed martial arts circuit is a lot like being a struggling musician. They might spend years showing what they're capable of on shows in small venues, while telling anyone who'll listen that they're the next big thing. All that's needed is an opportunity with a record company.
In MMA, the record company is the UFC. Other promotions are gradually offering alternative pathways, but every fighter has the UFC in mind when they embark on a professional career. There's a perception of the UFC as a fairytale land of fame and fortune, where stardom awaits and financial worries disappear forever.
But recently that perception has started to unravel. As fighters question whether their earnings are in line with their worth, increasing calls for the establishment of a fighters' union or association have led to the establishment of two such bodies this year.
According to the Professional Fighters' Association [PFA], UFC athletes benefit from just 15% of the organisation's revenue, compared to 50% in the NBA. The Mixed Martial Arts Athletes' Association [MMAAA] estimates that figure to be even lower at 8%.
“Anything like that is always going to be a positive. It's going to push the sport into the major leagues, the same way as all the major sports. They've all got unions and associations,” says Irish UFC lightweight Joseph Duffy of the MMAAA, which was launched last month with the backing of high-profile fighters like Georges St-Pierre and Cain Velasquez.
“I feel it'll take something like this to push our sport into the same direction. Eventually it's going to get to the point where being a fighter is going to be just as prestigious as it is to be an American football player or a soccer player, or something else along those lines.”
Duffy hasn't been carrying any injuries and his most recent fight lasted just 25 seconds. Yet as 2016 comes to an end, the Donegal native hasn't fought in nearly six months and he's none the wiser as to when his absence from the octagon will end.
Source: Tommy Lakes/The42
In September, Duffy revealed to The42 that he had found himself in a contract impasse with the UFC. The former professional boxer has one bout remaining on a five-fight deal. Duffy was offered a place on last month's UFC Fight Night 99 card in Belfast, but he rejected it on the basis that a win against the opponent in question — who wasn't named — would have done little to advance his career.
Duffy, who has won three of his four bouts in the UFC with first-round finishes, has also been offered a new contract by the organisation but he hasn't agreed to the terms. The 28-year-old earned $40,000 (including a $20,000 win bonus) for his swift submission of Mitch Clarke in Las Vegas back in July.
“I would love to have been on the Belfast card but things didn't work out the way I was hoping,” Duffy admits. “It's a bit of a shame and obviously for the Irish fans I think it would have been nice for them to have had a few more Irish fighters on the card. But that's business. That's the way it works out.”
The issue came to light three months ago but the situation still hasn't changed. He explains: “There's been no contact between my management and the UFC. We haven't really heard anything from them since, so the plan is to stay ready over Christmas, get ready for a fight in the new year and fight out my contract. But for now there's been no contact from the UFC whatsoever.”
Duffy seems keen to test free agency but the last remaining fight on his UFC contract will prevent him from doing so for now. He's waiting on a fight offer, although the UFC don't appear to be in much of a hurry to make one.
“They could go down that route [of making him wait] but I'm not too worried really,” Duffy insists. “I'm always training, always improving, so it's never wasted time. Whoever they give me and whenever, I'm going to be ready. And I feel the more time I have like this to train, it just means when it comes to those bigger fights I'm going to be ready.”
Fighters often point to the importance of having an opponent and a date in order to focus the mind in training, but even without the benefit of those details, Duffy has continued to put in the work at the Tristar Gym in Montreal, Canada.
“It's been pretty easy to stick at it, to be honest,” he says. “Things never really change for me, whether I've got a fight coming up or not. I'm always training, it's been that way since I was a kid. I've always found it easy to keep myself motivated.
Source: Tommy Lakes/The42
“I'm always in the gym because I enjoy it. Just improving is enough for me. I always get the buzz from that. Obviously having a date and an opponent makes a big difference. Your mindset changes and your intensity changes, but I do this because I love it so being in the gym is enough for me, whether I've got a fight or not. I'll be there anyway.”
When asked if he's prepared to walk away from the UFC, Duffy said: “Definitely. I feel the game is changing a bit. Fighters are getting more options these days. Obviously Cage Warriors is back as well, that's another one. I know they're looking at Dublin next year. There are plenty of options so I'll fight out this last fight and go from there.”
Bellator have already admitted that Duffy is the type of fighter who would interest them should be become available, while Cage Warriors is where the man from Burtonport made a name for himself and attracted the attention of the UFC in the first place. The UK-based promotion has a show scheduled for 4 March at the 3Arena, where Duffy was due to headline UFC Fight Night 76 against Dustin Poirier last year before being withdrawn from the bout due to concussion.
Duffy: “Cage Warriors would be a good alternative, without a doubt. Obviously I know how well Cage Warriors is run. I missed out on that show at the 3Arena so it'd be nice to go back and experience that. But we'll see how it all plays out.”
Duffy's Tristar team-mate, former UFC welterweight title challenger Rory MacDonald, became a high-profile departure from the UFC earlier this year when he took up a contract offer from Bellator instead of accepting what was on the table from Dana White and co.
Georges St-Pierre, Tristar's most famous export, has also had his difficulties with the organisation. In October, GSP said he had terminated his UFC contract and is now a free agent, but the UFC quickly dismissed those claims and insisted that the former welterweight champion “remains under an existing agreement”.
Nevertheless, Duffy doesn't believe that he's been caught in the crossfire of a battle between Tristar and the UFC: “I don't think that's the case. Obviously there are many fighters here in Tristar who haven't had any problems. I think it's just the decision I made. A lot of fighters are too eager to sign the contract and take whatever is offered, but I've kind of seen how it's going.
“Before they [the UFC] used to say you'll be rewarded if you put on exciting fights. I think I've done that but it's becoming less about the fights and more about the drama and the showmanship and everything else. I'm not that type of person, I'm probably never going to be, so I have to set my stall out early. Otherwise I'm kind of wasting my time.”
Source: Tommy Lakes/The42
He adds: “I haven't spoken to Georges. Now and again when I see Rory in the gym I'll update him on my situation and he always gives me good advice. I'm quite lucky that I've got plenty of good people around me. Eric O'Keefe [coach] is very sharp with all this stuff, he helps me quite a bit. Obviously my manager Graham [Boylan], he's very good with the advice. All my family, friends and coaches too. I can't go wrong really.”
Leaving the UFC is a realistic prospect for Duffy, but he's adamant that if he does depart, it won't spell the end of a professional career that he's seen him accumulate a 16-2 record, with 14 of his wins coming inside the first round.
“I don't think it'll get to the point that I end up quitting,” Duffy says. “It's just that it's a short career and you've got to start thinking now about what comes after it. When I went to the UFC Athlete Summit, I saw how many of those fighters left the sport with nothing. That's what I've got to start thinking about now.
“I didn't go to university. I spent my whole life doing this, working towards this. I've got to think about it now and I'm sure I'll secure a deal that will be a lot better for my future.”
Like his peers, Duffy always saw the UFC as the promised land, but he never fought for fame and fortune. Building for his future was the only aim and that hasn't changed. At the moment, however, the terms being offered won't allow him to do so.
“I do this for the joy of it, but then it became my job,” he says. “Stuff like this kind of takes the joy out of it, but because it's my job I've got to make smart decisions.
“There are times when it's frustrating but you've got to keep a clear head and make wise decisions. Whatever happens, that's what I intend to do.”
By Jorge Barrera
APTN National News
Prime Minister Stephen Harper and former Assembly of First Nations national chief Shawn Atleo came to a secret agreement outlining the broad framework and name of the now shelved First Nation education bill months before it was tabled in Parliament, according to a document filed in Federal Court.
The document, signed by Harper, Atleo, Aboriginal Affairs Minister Bernard Valcourt and former Clerk of the Privy Council Wayne Wouters was filed in court by federal Justice Canada lawyers Wednesday.
The undated four-page document was titled “Bill C/S-X, First Nation Control of First Nations Education Act.” The document lists the sections of the new education bill and itemizes which parts would differ from a previous incarnation rejected by First Nation chiefs in the fall of 2013. The document was signed on Feb. 3, APTN National News has learned, over two months before a bill under the same name was tabled in the House of Commons on April 10.
“This document identifies the substantive amendments to the Oct. 2013 draft of the First Nations education legislative proposal,” states the document. “This does not preclude minor adjustments or tone.”
The document was signed after a meeting between Harper, Valcourt and Atleo at the request of Wouters who wanted the signatures for the historical record. The Monday meeting followed a contentious phone conversation on education between Harper and Atleo held the previous Friday, Jan. 31.
Document
Download (PDF, Unknown)
The emergence of the document casts Harper and Atleo's Feb. 7 press conference on the Blood Tribe reserve in a new light. Harper and Atleo stepped onto the stage and announced they had reached a “historic agreement” on education knowing they had a signed document in their back pocket outlining what the new bill would eventually look like.
Atleo's own executive however, was completely in the dark about the details on the day of that announcement. The AFN regional chiefs for Quebec and Ontario, Ghislain Picard and Stan Beardy, e-mailed Atleo that day saying they wouldn't attend the announcement because of the lack of details.
The document also explains Valcourt's office persistent talking-point use of the claim it had an agreement with the AFN on education. APTN National News has without success repeatedly asked Valcourt's office for proof of an agreement.
In reality, however, the agreement was only with Atleo and not the AFN. Atleo never told chiefs about the document or that he knew the outline of the education bill the Harper government planned to table.
Nova Scotia AFN regional Chief Morley Googoo, who held the education portfolio on the chiefs executive, told APTN National News Thursday he didn't know the document existed.
“I didn't know about it, this is the first time I hear about it now,” said Googoo.
Justice Canada lawyers handling a court challenge of the education bill launched by the Assembly of First Nations of Quebec and Labrador (AFNQL) also didn't know the document existed. In its Federal Court filing, the AFNQL requested Ottawa turn over any documents mentioning an education agreement between the Harper government and the AFN. Justice Canada initially responded saying none existed. Then, on Wednesday, Eric Gingras, senior counsel for Justice Canada, filed the document.
The First Nation Control of First Nation Education Act now sits in limbo, along with the $1.9 billion in new funding tied to the proposed bill. AFN-member chiefs voted to reject the Act arguing Ottawa failed to consult them adequately on the bill and that it threatened to undermine advances made in education by some First Nation communities.
Atleo resigned from his position on May 2 saying he had become a lightning rod on the education debate that had been raging since the Feb. 7 press conference.
jbarrera@aptn.ca
@JorgeBarrera
Trump supporter Jim Stachowiak tells Trump opponent he hopes they die in a terror attack (Screen cap).
Former police officer and notoriously belligerent Trump supporter Jim Stachowiak is apparently not happy about the way the 2016 presidential race is shaping up.
Via Winning Democrats, a new video posted on YouTube features Stachowiak ripping into every person in the United States who opposes Donald Trump, whom he claims is the only person alive who could make America secure from terrorism.
He not only takes shots at his usual targets like liberals and Black Lives Matter activists, he also tears into anti-Trump Republicans such as Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who still has yet to endorse the presumptive GOP nominee.
“Hey, you Never Trumpsters,” he begins. “You people are pieces of garbage. You want to enable a terrorist sympathizer getting in the White House in Hillary Clinton, by not getting behind Donald Trump?… Ted Cruz, you're a treasonous piece of garbage, why don't you go back to Canada where your roots are?”
While this is already a promisingly crazy start, the real fireworks in the video come when he fantasizes about his political opponents dying in terrorist attacks.
“You know, there will be more terrorist attacks, and unfortunately there'll be victims,” he says. “If there's going to be any victims in the terrorist attack, I hope it's the left-wing liberals who are victims. I hope it's the people that are members of Black Lives Matter. I hope it's the people who oppose Trump who are victims of a terrorist attack.”
Check out the whole video below.
“All signs point to the fact we're going to sexytown, at a speed of Warp 69,” writes Polygon's Senior Opinion Editor Ben Kuchera. He's talking about Mass Effect: Andromeda, and the romances that have become such a big part of BioWare's game design. Specifically, he's talking about a developer billing the game as “softcore space porn” on Twitter, and how this is apparently great news. “It's refreshing to see Mass Effect so willing to lean into its own more tawdry side,” he concludes.
Polygon is the same publication that called Dragon's Crown “problematic” because it had sexualized characters.
This is the same Polygon that complained that Bayonetta 2's camera “leers at her.”
Recently, Polygon published a video on its YouTube channel of two men giddily laughing for thirty minutes over the exposed male genitalia in Conan Exiles.
Kotaku also published a video on YouTube focused on the exposed genitalia in Conan Exiles' character creation. “Note that it is wiggling ridiculously already. It's blowing in the wind like a flag,” says the narrator.
When working for Rock Paper Shotgun, Kotaku's Nathan Grayson once famously admonished a Blizzard developer, saying that MOBA's are “notorious – often not in a good way – for sexing up female characters and putting them in some fairly gross situations.”
Patricia Hernandez of Kotaku also wrote an article about Mass Effect's relationship drama, titled, “Some fans already want to bang Mass Effect: Andromeda's new alien.” She said that Fire Emblem Heroes (Correction: Article previously mentioned Fire Emblem Fates rather than Fire Emblem Heroes.) is “a horny casino” and she's “struck by how subtly sexual it is,” calling the description for one of the characters “fucky”. (I assure you, dear reader, it hurt me as much to write that as it does for you to read it.)
In reference to Dragon's Crown (again), Kotaku says that “Game developers really need to stop letting teenage boys design their characters.”
At this point let's take an inventory. Exposed penises in Conan Exiles is hilarious and the worthy subject of entire YouTube videos. The cartoonishly large breasts in Dragon's Crown are sexist. A game camera “leering” at a sexy Bayonetta is bad, while alien sex in Mass Effect: Andromeda is good and apparently not problematic.
Gaming media is hypocritical based on some ultra-progressive notion of “woke”-ness, that much is obvious. What is worse is the unabashed immaturity with which they examine these issues. If gaming is to grow as a medium, it needs to be free to explore sexuality. It's not some sexist crime to design a game specifically to appeal to young men's sexual desires. It shouldn't be a big deal when a video game includes full frontal nudity. Joke about it, sure, but when you spend thirty minutes laughing at naked flopping wieners you can't expect anyone to take you seriously when you call large breasts sexist.
The senior opinion editor of a major gaming site writing, “sexytime, Warp 69!” – you know, because 69 is the sex number! (that's a joke I stole from Notch) – is annoyingly cringe-worthy. You generally don't see major film critics making half-hour YouTube videos laughing at Harvey Keitel's nudity in The Piano.
I'm all for humorous looks at video games, and no part of gaming should be off limits. But be consistent. Your treatment of breasts as “problematic” and flopping wieners as hilarious YouTube-fodder is immature, hypocritical, and disrespectful of the hobby we all love. Let's see developers dive into that more tawdry side – I'd just prefer it if gaming's critics don't laugh like giddy schoolchildren when they do.
Dear Friends,
The Asian Human Rights Commission (AHRC) writes to inform you that charges have not yet been filed in court against soldiers involved in illegally arresting, detaining, torturing and threatening to kill five indigenous tribe members over a number of days. On December 1, 2009 the victims, one of them a minor, were arrested while searching for rare bird's nest in the forest. The soldiers also reportedly forced them to act as guides during a combat operation after claiming that they were rebel sympathizers.
CASE NARRATIVE:
It was on 1 December 2009 at 6pm that five people, Rolan Corpuz, 20; Jun Jun Acleto, 17; Ricky Torres, 21; Lolit Agbayani; and Edwin Buryo, 30, were illegally arrested by soldiers attached to the 7th Infantry Division of the Philippine Army (PA) in Barangay Dikapinisan, Dingalan town, Aurora province of Luzon. The victims, who are members of an indigenous tribe Dumagat, were searching for rare birds' nests when the soldiers arrested them.
Before the soldiers caught up with them in the forest, the five victims had already been searching for “Layang-layang”, a local term for the rare expensive and rare bird's nest; a source of income for the indigenous people of the area. They are people whose way of life still revolves around the forest. They have no education and cannot read and write.
The victims were surprised when ten fully armed soldiers stopped and searched them without explaining why. The soldiers conducted body searches and demanded a Community Tax Certificate (CTC), a document that government agencies require as proof of a Filipino's local residency.
The soldiers arrested them after they failed to produce this certificate and identification documents. In the Philippines, soldiers systematically suspect and search people, particularly those they had caught in forest area, as either being rebels or persons doing suspicious activities once they cannot show proof of their residency and identity. This has already affected villagers in the remote areas, particularly the indigenous people, who still continue to live in what may be considered a backward lifestyle.
Upon reaching the camp the victims claim that the soldiers began to torture them. One after the other they were subjected to interrogation. The soldiers demanded that they cooperate and affirm that they indeed have knowledge about the activities of the New Peoples' Army (NPA), a rebel group, in the area.
One of the victims, Rolan, was told that they would give him Php 10,000 (USD 215) as a reward once he revealed the location of the rebels' firearms and ammunitions. When he told the soldiers that he had no knowledge about the NPA and that he and companions were only searching for bird's nest, they reportedly choked and kicked him. Two other soldiers also repeatedly kicked him.
Another victim, Ricky, was also repeatedly kicked in different parts of his body in front of Rolan, and soldiers also punched another victim, Jun Jun, in his stomach; a Sergeant named Moreno allegedly beat him with a steel pipe. The soldiers also threatened that if they did not reveal any information about the rebels they would kill them. The soldiers ordered Ricky to dig a pit and warned that if he refused to cooperate he would be buried in it. Out of fear Rolan falsely confessed that they were members of the NPA.
On December 2 the other victims were taken by the soldiers towards the mountainous they called “Balagbag” in Barangay Alasanay supposedly in search of the firearms that Rolan had buried. To make sure that the victims would not escape, the soldiers tied them together by their waists and hands with rope. For two days, they were in soldiers' custody in the forest.
On December 3, Lolit and Rolan were able to escape. Rolan managed to descend from a cliff near a river bank and board a small passenger vessel. He went straight to Fr. Pete Montallana–OFM, a local missionary priest, in Barangay (village) Ibona, where he sought refuge and asked for help.
On December 5, the other three victims, Jun Jun, Ricky and Edwin, were released from the soldiers' custody. When they were released, no information was given on what charges they had been held. Despite having been identified, the soldiers have continuously denied either taking them into custody or having tortured them.
Since the incident some of the victims have sought refuge at one of the churches in Metro Manila. When Dr. Ben Molina, a medical expert, examined Rolan and Jun Jun the torture marks and bruises were still visible, particularly along their arms. Rolan has been finding it difficult to breathe due to his injuries.
According to our reports soldiers in this area have been conducting an anti-insurgency campaign, distributing leaflets to the communities that warn of insurgents using church staff, particularly priests, to advance an anti-government agenda.
The victims have filed a complaint against the soldiers with the regional office of the Commission on Human Rights (CHR-III) in San Fernando, Pampanga. Although the investigation has been completed and the findings forwarded to the head office in Manila, no charges have been filed in court. The CHR initially refused the local groups helping the victims (the Task Force Detainees of the Philippines or TFDP-Luzon) access to documents about their investigation, claiming that they are confidential.
SUGGESTED ACTION:
Please write letters to the authorities listed below asking for their intervention to ensure that charges under the Anti-Torture Act of 2009 are filed against the soldiers involved.
The AHRC has also written letters to the Special Rapporteur on Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment and the Independent Expert on Minority Issues.
To support this case, please click here: SEND APPEAL LETTER
I spend a lot of time here discussing some of the harder stories we have had together as father and son. I sometimes talk about the political bs going on. Then there is religion and the harm it has caused and continues to cause. I have not celebrated enough. Today, I am going to celebrate my son and all the transgender and gender fluid and otherwise gender non conforming people in my life.
Now to be fair, I have written about some of the feel good milestones we have shared. There has been the beauty of transition and transformation. Then there was the time I wrote about being proud of my son for taking action. Finally, there was also the time I wrote about a special day at the zoo. But there is more, so much more. I plan on being intentional writing about that more.
My son is a gift and his coming out as transgender has taught me so much about life. The first lesson I learned is about expectations. When he was born, I had a little girl. And with that were all of these hopes and dreams and expectations of our road together. There would be daddy/daughter dances, prom dresses, wedding dresses, walking down the isle to give the bride away, and many other gender based expectations. Then he came out as a trans male. All those expectations were shattered and I am better for it.
Here is why. In letting go of the idea of a daughter and all the expectations I had contained within that, I had to see my child as he was and is. His warped sense of humor, his artistic nature, his compassion and sense of justice, and so much more. None of that changed. It was always there and it is still there. I had to see my child. Really see the essence of him beyond the binary. In letting go of my expectations seeped in gender, I also let go of my expectations for what I wanted him to become and support who he wants to become.
This becoming is not about his gender. He is not becoming male. He always was that. That is who he is. But now I find myself looking at his yearnings and desires. Not my yearnings for him. He wants to be a scientist. There has been a deep and hard work into getting the grades, the SAT scores, and the paperwork done for the school that he wants to go to to enter the field he wants to enter.
He wants to follow in my footsteps a little and has taken to writing and to photography in his high school journalism team. This makes him a third generation in the field of columns and photography. That is fun and it is his road and we get to share it.
There are the bonus gifts that I never anticipated when he was born. The amazing and unexpected joy of teaching him things my grandfather taught me. How to tie a tie and wear a suit properly. The art of shaving with a good safety razor was joyous. Those little father and son experiences that are a little different and unexpected are so very meaningful.
He's opened my eyes to new worlds of acceptance, understanding, and my own becoming. When I see him or someone else I know being misgendered, I go into conflict mode. He simply offers the correct pronoun and gives the person an opportunity to correct their understanding. It is boundaries with mutual respect. I have new friendships with people in the LGBTQIA world that are so rich and wondrous and beyond my imagination because of him.
My relationship with my fiancee' would not have happened if it were not for him. I would not have been open to the possibilities of dating someone who is LGBTQIA. And this is an amazing person that I love, and am loved by. I am loved in ways I never thought possible. I may have missed out on the most fulfilling and enriching relationships I have ever had if my son had not taught me to celebrate him and the entire community. He opened my mind and my heart.
The transgender community has had an important role in the history of LGBTQIA rights that is often forgotten or not known. Transgender woman Marsha P Johnson was the “Rosa Parks” of the gay rights movement. Without her, the Stonewall Uprising may very well not have had the impact that it does now. She gave her life and lived her life paving the way for so many others to have what they have today.
Another parent of a trans teen recently said to me and some other parents something that I love. “Letting go of expectation allowed me to live with intention.”
My intention is to do more than affirm my son, but to celebrate him and his being transgender. I have often said it is not his determining characteristic, but it is a part of who he is. It is a beautiful part of who he is. That needs to be celebrated, because as you can see, my son is a gift. All of us who are supportive parents of our transgender children know this. Our children are gifts and we celebrate them.
Brief Explanation On The Flag Choice
Some may wonder why I used the PRIDE flag as opposed to the Transgender flag. Well, this flag was on the Pirate Ship Windy at Chicago's Navy Pier. Great family run operation and they hoist the colors with…wait for it…pride! Anyway, my fiancee and I had a wonderful time sailing with them and I appreciated their hoisting the PRIDE flag next to the Jolly Roger. It is a family operation and we very much enjoyed sailing with them and swapping tales of lore and of love.
Liverpool duo Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah have been shortlisted for the 2017 BBC African Footballer of the Year award.
They are two of five players in contention for the accolade, alongside Borussia Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Chelsea's Victor Moses and Naby Keita of RB Leipzig, who will join Liverpool ahead of the 2018-19 season.
Mane, who helped Senegal qualify for the World Cup on Friday, has been nominated for the third time, while Salah, who played a major role in helping Egypt qualify for Russia 2018, is included for the first time in the poll.
The winner will be decided by an online public vote – which is open until 6pm GMT on November 27 – and revealed on Monday December 11.
You can have your say in the poll which is open on the BBC website, by clicking here.​
Michael Grosvenor Myer's eyes well up and his voice trembles as he discusses the final hours of his wife's life. "If I burst into tears, take no notice," he says politely but firmly.
He takes a deep breath, regains his composure and describes how, last summer, he and his wife calmly devised a scheme for her to take her own life, yet one that meant he wouldn't face criminal charges for assisting her suicide.
Mr Grosvenor Myer had known some three years earlier that Valerie, his wife of 48 years, intended to take an overdose when her loss of dignity from Parkinson's disease became too much for her to bear.
Yet, when she suggested that he go to visit friends while she committed suicide, he rejected the idea saying he did not feel "comfortable" involving others in her death.
"This conversation took place on August 8, 2007," he said. "We were in the kitchen after lunch. And I said: 'If that's the only problem – that you need the house to yourself – I will pretend to go and do a day's work at the university library'. And her eyes lit up and she looked at her watch and said: 'It's a bit late for today. So tomorrow'.
"I was a bit taken aback and I said: 'Are you sure, darling?'
"She said: 'Don't muck me about. You said you would [co-operate]. Tomorrow!'
"I said: 'All right, my darling. Tomorrow.'
"She said: 'Well, let's go up to the pub and have a nice steak for dinner at 6 o'clock. Then we'll come home. I feel like watching a Woody Allen film on my last night alive.'"
And so, after an early supper at the Three Kings in Haddenham, Cambridgeshire, they went home and watched the Woody Allen comedy Small Time Crooks before having an early night. "We just lay there and went to sleep," says Mr Grosvenor Myer, clearly picturing the moment in his mind.
"We woke up at 7am. I had a shower and got dressed as usual. I could see she was doing things in the kitchen with the blender and a pile of pills. I didn't ask too many questions.
"I went to give her a kiss and say goodbye, but she said: 'I have started the process. Don't get in the way. Goodbye, darling. Off you go.' And she practically shoved me through the front door. And as the Irish folk song has it: 'That was the last I saw of my dear'." It was 9am and he was determined not to return to their two-bedroom cottage until his wife was dead.
"I went to the university library. I was doing some work on the map in Treasure Island. It was not the best day of my life because my thoughts turned to what was happening at home. But Valerie had said: 'Don't hurry home.' So I didn't.
"So, after a day's work at the library, I had dinner at the university centre. I was reading a very interesting article in The New Yorker about the British political situation. And I was thinking: 'I must tell Valerie about this'. Then I thought: 'You great booby. You will never tell her about anything ever again – if she has managed to do it properly this time.'"
In fact, his 72-year-old wife had conducted her suicide with meticulous efficiency, taking 120 sleeping pills. He had expected to find her dead in their bedroom, but she was lying, in her red dressing gown, on the floor of the bathroom.
It was a sad end to a long marriage, yet by the end of the night Mr Grosvenor Myer found himself bizarrely amused by the situation played out at the couple's home after he had called the ambulance service.
"It was almost funny – a bit like an Aldwych farce. At one point there were two paramedics, a police inspector, a sergeant, two constables and two undertakers who had come to take Valerie away. They were all running in and out of these doors and up and down the stairs."
What he does not find amusing, however, is what he sees as the irrationality of the law that he says forced him to leave his wife to die on her own. It is for this reason that he is speaking out now, 15 months after her death.
Mr Grosvenor Myer, now 76, outlined the dilemma caused by the fact that assisted suicide is illegal in Britain: helping somebody to die carries a prison sentence of up to 14 years.
"Valerie would say: 'I want to take an overdose and die in your arms.' But I replied: 'I am sorry, my love: the law won't allow it. All that will happen is that I will end up in prison and that's not what you want. And she said: 'I suppose it isn't'.
"But because of the idiot state of the law my poor darling had to die this horrible, lonely death and I couldn't be there to help. The law should be: it's your own life – if you want to get rid of it, then go and do it. And if a loved one affords you some help, then they should be allowed to get on with it too.
"I don't regret it [leaving his wife to die]. But perhaps this makes me a criminal. If so, they [the police] know where to find me."
The couple had met in 1956, in Brittany. "My parents and I were rushing to catch the ferry home. But it was just pulling away as we got there.
"Two young Englishwomen on the ferry drew the crew's attention to us and, amazingly – because French people aren't always as obliging – they came back for us," says Mr Grosvenor Myer, recalling the moment with relish.
"And my father thanked the young women and invited them for a drink. One of the women was Valerie – and if we hadn't caught that boat we would never have spent nearly 50 years together. It really was the most advantageous meeting one could possible imagine.
"But, actually, I went out with the other girl for a year because she lived in London and Valerie lived in the Forest of Dean, where she worked as a reporter on the Dean Forest Mercury. But then she got a job as chief reporter on the Dartford Chronicle and that's when we first started going out." The couple married in 1959, when she was 23 and he was 26.
They both enjoyed fulfilling careers. After they met, Mr Grosvenor Myer, who had a degree in English from Cambridge, abandoned his job as a "glorified shipping clerk in a wines and spirits firm" to become a teacher. He later had a dual career as a freelance theatre critic and folk singer.
Mrs Grosvenor Myer, the daughter of a coal miner but linked through an illegitimate liaison to the wealthy Grosvenor family, also combined several careers. She was a scholar, editor, literary critic, biographer and novelist. The couple shared a love of the theatre and literature, particularly Jane Austen and Shakespeare.
However, they never had children. Mrs Grosvenor Myer went to Cambridge University, obtaining a first-class degree in English as a mature student aged 31, and then suffered an early menopause. "We didn't deliberately set out to be a childless couple, but we were," her husband says now.
Dressed in a black jacket and blue striped shirt, Mr Grosvenor Myer is recalling the past as he sips a cup of tea in the Groucho Club in central London, which he joined earlier this year.
Mrs Grosvenor Myer was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease a decade ago. "It is a degenerative disease and her health got progressively worse. Three or four years ago, she said: 'Don't be surprised if you come back one day and find me dead.' I said: 'No I won't. I won't do anything to prevent you from doing what you want to do.'"
Before she died on August 9 last year, his wife had made other unsuccessful suicide attempts. In the summer of 2005, she took a late-night overdose. Convinced his wife would be dead when he awoke, Mr Grosvenor Myer left her lying on a futon in the television room. "She was still there next morning, still alive. Halfway through the day, I realised that she had gone into a coma. I couldn't cope with a coma so I called for help. One of the paramedics said very meaningfully to me: 'It's as well you phoned us as soon as you could or you might have found yourself on a manslaughter charge'. So he obviously knew what the score was and was giving me a hint to be careful."
Mr Grosvenor Myer feels lonely without his wife, but a burden has also been lifted. "Her death has cut me up terribly, but I also feel 40 years younger since she died. I feel I could fly through the air. The last three or four years, when I was nursing her, were bloody tough – not the best years of our married life." In the final months of her life, his wife fell repeatedly and had trouble talking and writing.
After her death, Mrs Grosvenor Myer was cremated and her husband scattered her ashes on their garden. They were both atheists, although he is a lapsed Jew, and earlier in their marriage both had been regular Anglican churchgoers.
He treasures the memories of his wife and the suicide note that she left on their computer screen after taking her final overdose. "Do not think of this as a suicide note, rather as a thank-you for half a century together," she had typed. She described him as her "lover and my best friend", adding: "Parting is such sweet sorrow."
Mr Gosvenor Myer's eyes start to mist over again. "I miss Valerie enormously. There is a great hole in my life. We have this big study. I always sat in the corner by the window and she always sat quite a long way away on the other side. To this day, I will be reading the paper and say: 'Have you seen…?' And I realise I am talking to myself – she is not there."
“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one”
You don't have to be a Beatles fan to recognize this iconic image.
Stencil and spray paint poster print of legendary Beatle and activist John Lennon. This is easily my favorite painting that I've done. I usually finish one and have numerous complaints and/or criticisms, but not this time. I love how the shading of white came out… it gives it an ethereal feel that I really dig.
Which makes its accidental destruction (my fault… I'm a klutz) so sad to me. Maybe I'll do another run. We'll see…
Made using hand-cut stencils and Plutonium Paint. Measures 11”x14” Made in San Diego, CA.
Get yours HERE
More of a Stones fan? Then check out my painting Mick.
Follow killadeathspray
Instagram: @_killadeathspray_
Facebook: killadeathspray
Twitter: @killadeathspray
Advertisements
Hurricane Patricia was bearing down on the southwestern coast of Mexico Friday, with maximum sustained winds continuing to blow at more than 200 miles an hour, making it the most powerful storm to ever hit the east Pacific.
Patricia started as a tropical storm but turned into a dangerous Category 5 hurricane early Friday, threatening to wreak havoc on a coastline that is popular with tourists.
In the latest update on Patricia from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, it said the hurricane is likely to make landfall in the next few hours with the worst conditions to be expected this afternoon and evening.
Earlier, the NOAA said it had “intensified at an incredible rate” late Thursday. The agency predicted “potentially catastrophic landfall in southwestern Mexico later today,” and said it was an “extremely dangerous storm.” Up to 20 inches of rain are expected over the Mexican states of Nayarit, Jalisco, Colima, Michoacán, and Guerrero through Saturday.
Gifs like this do the job of sending a chill:
Latest central pressure of 880mb just put #Patricia atop record books in #NHC's forecast area.Winds are now 200 MPH+ pic.twitter.com/PYIEKAbUDs — NWS Memphis (@NWSMemphis) October 23, 2015
And this image:
Incredibly small and pristine eye. The power packed into that eyewall is hard to fathom. #Patricia pic.twitter.com/16dPfaCGxI — Tim Ballisty (@IrishEagle) October 23, 2015
Twisted Alley Chasers, a group of individuals who chase weather phenomena, said in a blog on Friday that Patricia's 200 mph sustained winds are a world-wide record. “No building on Earth is designed to handle winds of this magnitude, therefore total and complete devastation is likely where the core of the Category 5 winds makes landfall in Mexico.”
Hurricane Patricia is similar to the 1935 Labor Day hurricane.....explosively intensifying from a TS to cat-5 hurricane within 24-30 hours — SouthernWx (@Bionic_Chaser) October 23, 2015
From Mexico, one Twitter user said his hotel had given guests time to pack and head to the shelter, warning them that their status had changed:
Hotel has given us 2 hrs to pack and get to the shelter. Said we're no longer "guests" but "refugees". #Patricia pic.twitter.com/jF3ZRerx6w — BP (@brad_powles) October 23, 2015
Comparisons were made to the 1935 Labor Day Hurricane, which Wikipedia describes as the “strongest and most intense hurricane to make landfall in the United States and the Atlantic Basin in recorded history. “
The category 5 hurricane killed over 400 people in the Florida Keys, among them 259 World War I veterans who had been working on a highway project. A train sent to rescue them was swept off the track by the storm.
The World Meteorological Association said the storm was comparable with Typhoon Hainan, which devastated the Philippines a few years ago.
The National Hurricane Center said its models are showing the development of a cyclone near the Texas coast over the weekend, which should be non-tropical in nature. However, the cyclone is likely to draw large amounts of moisture from Patricia, possibly causing heavy rainfall over parts of Texas close to the northwestern Gulf of Mexico.
Read: The weatherman really can make it rain for these retailers
Back in high school, my English teacher had us read excerpts from Ecclesiastes. Not because it was religious in nature, but because it was a wonderful piece to analyze and discuss.
With younger students, it's harder to get them to have serious discussions about literature, so some teachers try to analyze different things. Like song lyrics.
John Orme, an English and History teacher at Gordon Price school in Ontario, Canada, had his kids read and discuss the lyrics to a song from 1986 called “Dear God” by the British band XTC.
If I taught English, I don't know that I would have chosen the same piece, but if the point is to analyze lyrics and have a conversation about them, does it really matter?
Despite the fact that the lyrics talk about questioning god's existence, the teacher wasn't trying to preach atheism. He wanted to have a conversation about why his students believed what they did.
And one parent wants none of that:
[Amanda Griffiths] said [her daughter] Kelsey's class was asked to explain what the author was trying to convey through the lyrics and what they thought about his message. According to Griffiths, her daughter wrote that the author was saying he didn't believe that God exists and that the stories in the Bible are untrue. As for what she thought of the author's message, the 12-year-old wrote: “I hate this because I believe in God and always will.” Kelsey Griffiths said Orme later asked her to stretch out her answer and give a better explanation as to why she holds that belief. “But there's no real reason why you believe in God,” she said. “It's just a faith thing. I couldn't think of anything about why. I just do.” The girl said she was so upset she stuffed the assignment into her pocket and brought it home to show her mom, instead of handing it in.
The daughter is clearly distraught. Look at how horrified she and her mom look!
Griffiths was upset because the teacher asked her daughter to explain why she held her beliefs…? That's a great question to ask students! It's not like Orme was taking off points because Kelsey said she believes in a god. School needs to facilitate more conversations like that. Hell, if there's any truth to what she teaches her daughter, Griffiths should welcome the opportunity for Kelsey to explain her beliefs.
“The whole thing, start to finish, is just wrong on six or seven levels,” said Griffiths, who added that to her knowledge, her daughter has never received an assignment similar to this before.
Probably not. It takes a damn good teacher to be able to moderate that discussion. Most teachers would just shy away from it altogether.
To be clear, I'd be opposed to this if it was trying to preach atheism to kids. But just having that discussion? Asking children whether they agreed or disagreed with the lyrics, and having them back it up? That's something kids need to learn how to do at a young age.
Zak at Canadian Atheist feels the same way:
… if the teacher was only doing his job and asking tough questions, then this is just another example of religion's inability to take criticism.
Why are some Christian parents so afraid of their children simply being exposed to different points of views or ways of life?
When I have kids, I hope I have more respect for my children than to think they're going to change their beliefs/lifestyle in an instant just because they had a conversation about it. If I raise them properly, they'll be able to explain why they believe what they do.
Meanwhile, Orme has been pulled from the classroom “until the board concludes its investigation into whether the religiously themed assignment was appropriate and consistent with curriculum.”
At least some parents know a good teacher when they see one:
“It has been blown out of proportion,” said Wendy Hine, whose 12-year-old daughter is in the class. “You have an excellent teacher who really, really has a good connection with the kids,” she said. “This is now affecting their education.” Hine was also perplexed as to how the concerns of a single parent could lead to a teacher's removal. “This one parent and one student spoke for all of us and I don't think that's very fair,” she said. “All of the other parents need to be heard.” Fiona Grant-Pride agreed. “I think it's ridiculous,” she said. “That's why these kids go to school, to learn how to think for themselves.” Grant-Pride said her daughter Andrea, 12, was so upset over losing her teacher that she and her friends created a poster calling for Orme's return.
Republicans unveiled their bill to overhaul the U.S. tax code Thursday morning, and there were some major winners and losers.
The top GOP tax writer, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Tex.), foreshadowed just how hard it would be to craft the biggest rewrite of the tax code since 1986 when he said in August: “Tax reform is hard. It's the challenge of a generation.”
Here's a rundown of who is happy and who isn't as the details emerge regarding the “Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,” the centerpiece of President Trump's “MAGAnomics” agenda.
Winners
Big corporations. American mega-businesses would get a substantial tax reduction. The bill cuts the top rate that large corporations pay from 35 percent to 20 percent, the biggest one-time drop in the big-business tax rate ever. On top of that, companies would get some new tax breaks to help lower their bills, such as the ability to deduct all the costs of purchasing new equipment, as well as a special low rate on any money they bring back to the United States from low-tax countries such as Ireland. Many businesses have been holding cash overseas to avoid 35 percent U.S. taxes. Now they would get to bring the money home at a tax rate of 12 percent. The entire business tax system would also change from a worldwide system, in which money anywhere around the globe is taxed, to a territorial system in which it's mostly money made in the United States that is taxed. Businesses have long lobbied for this change.
The super-rich. The estate tax, often called the “death tax” by its critics, would go away by 2024, meaning wealthy families would be able to pass on lavish estates and trust funds to their heirs tax-free. At the moment, only estates worth over $5.49 million faces the estate tax (the GOP plan doubles that amount immediately until the tax goes totally away). The mega-wealthy also would get to keep charitable deductions, a popular way to lower their tax bills, and they no longer would have to pay the alternative minimum tax (AMT), a safeguard against excessive tax dodging that's been in place since 1969.
People paying the AMT. The bill eliminates the alternative minimum tax, which forces people who earn more than about $130,000 to calculate their taxes twice, once with all the deductions they can find and once with the AMT method, which prevents most tax breaks. There is perhaps no better example of how much this will benefit the rich than that fact that Donald Trump would have paid $31 million less in taxes in 2005 (the one year for which we have his tax returns) without the AMT.
"Pass through" companies. Some wealthy Americans who run businesses structured as sole proprietorships, partnerships or LLCs would get a sizable discount on their taxes. Under the GOP bill, these "pass through" companies would pay a tax rate of only 25 percent on 30 percent of their business income, a big reduction from the 39.6 percent rate some pay now. The bill tries to prevent "service firms" like law firms and accounting firms from being able to pay the lower 25 percent rate, but a good tax lawyer can probably make the case for these firms to qualify. Also, on the campaign trail, Trump said that hedge funds were “getting away with murder” on their taxes and that he would take away carried interest, the popular opening in the tax code these Wall Street titans use. But the bill does not change or eliminate carried interest, which is also used by some real estate developers.
Losers
Home builders. The legislation would cut in half the mortgage interest deduction used by millions of American homeowners, changing the deduction's rules for new mortgages. Presently, Americans can deduct interest payments made on their first $1 million worth of home loans. Under the bill, for new mortgages, they would be able to deduct interest payments made only on their first $500,000 worth of home loans.
Home-builder stocks are plummeting as a result, since many builders make a lot of their money from constructing high-end mansions. In addition to capping the mortgage deduction, the bill also caps the state-and-local-property-tax deduction to $10,000 a year, another hit to higher-end homeowners. That said, many economists and even some Democrats say these limits are a good idea because the housing incentives in the current tax code favor the wealthy. The National Low Income Housing Coalition says mortgages over $500,000 are rare: Only 5 percent of mortgages are more than that amount.
(Some) small-business owners. The National Federation of Independent Business, which represents 325,000 small businesses, said it would not support the GOP bill, because it “leaves too many small businesses behind.” The original idea was to lower small businesses' taxes to 25 percent, but the language in the bill allows small-business owners to pay only 30 percent of their business income at the 25 percent rate. The rest would be paid at the business owner's individual tax rate. Any individuals earning over $200,000 a year (or couples earning more than $260,000) would pay the rest of their taxes at a rate of 35 percent.
People in high-tax blue states. Say goodbye to most of the state-and-local-tax deduction (SALT). Over a third of filers in many Democratic states such as California, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut claim the SALT deduction on their returns. Under the GOP plan, people would still be able to deduct up to $10,000 on the property taxes they pay locally, but they would no longer be able to deduct the other taxes they pay to state or local governments from their federal tax payments.
The working poor. While the bill includes lots of tax breaks for big businesses and the rich, the bottom 35 percent of Americans do not get any extra benefits, according to Lily Batchelder, who served on President Barack Obama's National Economic Council. They already have a $0 federal tax liability. Some argue a more equitable tax system would increase the credits (money back) that lower-income families get, especially those that work low-wage jobs. The GOP preserves the earned-income tax credit, a popular refundable credit for the working class, but the bill does not expand it.
Charities. The National Council of Nonprofits warns that charitable deductions are likely to go down under this bill. While the GOP enables the wealthy to continue deducting their charitable giving, many middle- and upper-middle-class families would no longer get that tax break, because they probably would stop itemizing their deductions. At the moment about 30 percent of Americans itemize, but under the GOP bill, the standard deduction roughly doubles from $6,350 to $12,000 for individuals and $12,700 to $24,000 for married couples, meaning fewer people would probably itemize. The GOP argues that middle-class people should end up giving more to charity since they will pay less in taxes.
This article was updated to explain the tax changes for pass-through companies.
measure
mappend
f :: String -> M
f (a ++ b) == f a `mappend` f b
f [] == mempty
f (a `mappend` b) == f a `mappend` f b
f mempty == mempty
String
f s
f
(
)
(
)
)
(
()()()
((()))()
)()()(
()
(())
((()))
(((())))
)(
()()
)(()
()
()
)
(
> {-# LANGUAGE TypeSynonymInstances,FlexibleInstances,MultiParamTypeClasses #-}
> import Data.Foldable
> import Data.Monoid
> import Data.FingerTree hiding (fromList)
> import qualified Data.List as L
> data Bicyclic = B Int Int deriving (Eq,Show)
> hom '(' = B 0 1
> hom ')' = B 1 0
> instance Monoid Bicyclic where
> mempty = B 0 0
> B a b `mappend` B c d = B (a-b+max b c) (d-c+max b c)
mappend
()
> matches' s = x==B 0 0 where
> x = mconcat (map hom s)
> data Elem a = Elem { getElem :: a } deriving Show
> data Size = Size { getSize :: Int } deriving (Eq,Ord,Show)
> instance Monoid Size where
> mempty = Size 0
> Size m `mappend` Size n = Size (m+n)
> instance Measured (Size,Bicyclic) (Elem Char) where
> measure (Elem a) = (Size 1,hom a)
> type FingerString = FingerTree (Size,Bicyclic) (Elem Char)
> insert :: Int -> Char -> FingerString -> FingerString
> insert i c z = l >< (Elem c <| r) where (l,r) = split (\(Size n,_) -> n>i) z
> string = empty :: FingerString
> matchesDyck string = snd (measure string)==B 0 0
> loop string = do
> print $ map getElem (toList string)
> print $ "matches? " ++ show (matchesDyck string)
> print "(Position,Character)"
> r <- getLine
> let (i,c) = read r
> loop $ insert i c string
> main = do
> loop string
(
)
Close
China is already the world's largest importer of robots.
Now, according to TechnologyReview.com, the country is aiming to automate labor currently being conducted by millions of low-paid workers with a fleet of sophisticated and capable robots.
That plan was discussed in detail by the People's Republic of China vice president, Li Yuanchao, during the country's recent World Robot Conference in Beijing.
There, Yuanchao made China's intentions of using robots to help the country achieve at least 6.5 percent annual growth from 2016 to 2020. Making the announcement, he was surrounded by several robots, ranging from heavy-duty industrial robots to be used to manufacture in factories or plants to economic-friendly drones, automated vacuum cleaners and even robots designed to be personal companions.
Still, the process of deploying millions of robots isn't as easy as pressing start and watching them work. China faces an uphill climb in getting robots advanced in areas of sensing and overall intelligence and also getting humans up to speed in designing, building and overall regularly maintaining them.
Perhaps the best working model would be part robot, part human.
"Not all labor-intensive industry can be automated," Tianran Wang, of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, told the Technology Review as part of the Beijing conference. "We need hybrid automation."
Although China is the world's top importer of robots and is expected to account for upwards of 33 percent of all industrial robots by 2018, according to Technology Review, the number of robots per worker in the country is lower lower than that of fellow countries. That, in itself, signals the room for massive growth of robots working in China.
Technology Review observed robots, made by Shanghai industrial robot manufacturer Slasun, moving items from one side of the production line to the next.
China is open to collaborating with other countries, private companies and experts in the field in order to advance their robots as well.
"China would like to welcome robot experts and entrepreneurs from all over the world to communicate and cooperate with us," Yuanchao said, "in order to push forward the development of robot technology and industry."
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
The wreck that closed the southbound lanes of the Lake Pontchartrain Causeway on Friday afternoon (Feb. 19) occurred after a pickup truck crashed into a disabled vehicle about five miles from the south shore, bridge General Manager Carlton Dufrechou said. A state trooper who happened to be near the scene rescued two women from the stalled vehicle as it burst into flames.
The two women, who were not identified, were taken to East Jefferson General Hospital in Metairie with cuts but reportedly no burns. Their conditions were not immediately known.
The police officer, identified as Steven Paulus of Troop L, may have saved the women's lives, Dufrechou said.
The wreck occurred around 1:30 p.m. after a Dodge Ram pickup truck broke down. It was rear-ended by a Ford F250 pickup, causing the stalled vehicle to catch fire immediately, Dufrechou said.
Paulus was traveling nearby and rushed to pull the women from the burning vehicle. "He probably saved their lives," Dufrechou said.
The southbound bridge was closed while firefighters extinguished the blaze and workers cleared debris from the span. It reopened at about 2:45 p.m.
Newswise — San Diego (April 5, 2016) – For many people suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), available medical treatments offer only limited relief. In a series of studies conducted in rats, researchers have found that eating blueberries could help to reduce the genetic and biochemical drivers behind depression and suicidal tendencies associated with the disorder.
“We need to conduct a clinical trial in people to be certain that this works, but based on our studies in animal models, there is evidence that blueberries may help to mitigate some of the problems associated with PTSD,” said Joseph Francis, Ph.D., the Everett D. Besch Professor of Veterinary Medicine at Louisiana State University's School of Veterinary Medicine and the study's senior author. “And in the meantime, it seems safe to say that eating blueberries can't hurt—and may help—in people with PTSD.”
Philip Ebenezer, Ph.D., a postdoctoral researcher in Francis's laboratory at Louisiana State University, will present this research at the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics Annual Meeting during Experimental Biology 2016.
PTSD, an anxiety disorder that can develop after someone experiences a traumatic event, affects an estimated 6.8 percent of Americans at some point in their lifetimes. PTSD diagnoses have risen sharply in recent years and the disorder is particularly common among combat veterans. It is associated with a wide range of psychological, behavioral and social problems such as depression, substance abuse, relationship problems and an increased risk of suicide.
To investigate the biological factors that might contribute to PTSD and its effects, the research team developed a process that induces effects analogous to PTSD in rats, such as exhibiting fear instead of curiosity when presented with an unfamiliar object. They then assessed how eating a diet rich in blueberries affects those factors.
In the new study, the team focused on the role of a gene called SKA2, a gene that other researchers have found is expressed at abnormally low levels in people who have committed suicide. Although it is impossible to know whether a rat is experiencing suicidal thoughts, Francis and Ebenezer found that rats with PTSD-like effects express SKA2 at low levels compared with normal laboratory rats, bolstering the evidence for the role of SKA2 in psychological problems and suggesting the team's PTSD-like rats can be a useful model for studying the biochemistry behind suicidal tendencies.
The researchers then fed some of the PTSD-like rats a diet rich in blueberries—the equivalent of about two cups per day for a person—and found that SKA2 levels increased compared with rats fed a normal diet, suggesting the blueberries had a beneficial effect.
“In the PTSD animals, there was a decrease in the SKA2 levels in the blood, as well as in the brain's prefrontal cortex and hippocampus, compared to non-PTSD rats,” said Francis. “Since these levels increased when we fed them blueberries, the findings suggest that a nonpharmacological agent like blueberries can have an effect on the expression of this important gene.”
The work builds on a study released last year, in which Francis and Ebenezer found that rats with the PTSD-like experience fed a blueberry-enriched diet showed increased levels of the signaling chemical serotonin in the brain. Since serotonin is associated with feelings of happiness and well-being, that study suggested blueberries might help to alleviate depression in patients with PTSD.
The team is now pursuing research into the links between SKA2 and serotonin levels to find out whether blueberries may simultaneously help relieve feelings of depression and reduce suicidal tendencies through a single biological pathway.
There are a number of medications that increase serotonin levels and are used to treat depression. However, these agents, called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, or SSRIs, have shown limited success in treating patients with PTSD, and have even been linked with increased suicidal tendencies in some patients, particularly children and adolescents. Francis said the team's research aims to fill the treatment gap for PTSD sufferers who do not benefit from existing medications.
“There is an urgent need to identify novel targets for treating PTSD. Based on our findings, blueberries can not only increase serotonin, but also increase SKA2 levels, thereby potentially protecting against untoward behavior,” said Francis.
Ebenezer will present the findings during the Experimental Biology 2016 meeting on Tuesday, April 5 from 12:30 to 2:30 PM at the ASPET poster session (poster A89) in Exhibit Halls A-D, San Diego Convention Center. The study was funded by the U.S. Highbush Blueberry Council.
About Experimental Biology 2016 Experimental Biology is an annual meeting comprised of more than 14,000 scientists and exhibitors from six sponsoring societies and multiple guest societies. With a mission to share the newest scientific concepts and research findings shaping clinical advances, the meeting offers an unparalleled opportunity for exchange among scientists from across the United States and the world who represent dozens of scientific areas, from laboratory to translational to clinical research. www.experimentalbiology.org
About the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics (ASPET) ASPET is a 5,100 member scientific society whose members conduct basic and clinical pharmacological research within the academic, industrial and government sectors. Our members discover and develop new medicines and therapeutic agents that fight existing and emerging diseases, as well as increase our knowledge regarding how therapeutics affects humans. www.aspet.org
###
MEDIA CONTACT Nancy Lamontagne (919) 617-1330 media@experimentalbiology.org
ONSITE NEWSROOM San Diego Convention Center April 2-6, 2016 (619) 525-6239
Innovation is our new column that highlights the latest emerging technological ideas and where they may lead
Can social networks change the world? Yes, they can, in the words of Barack Obama's election campaign. That campaign itself provided evidence that the tools of “Web 2.0” – the community-driven web – can really make a difference, delegates at the Terra future conference in London heard this week.
Last September, tech guru Tim O'Reilly, founder of O'Reilly Media, challenged the Web 2.0 community to come up with something more productive than time-wasting Facebook applications – singling out “Superpoke”, which invites users to interact with their friends by throwing imaginary sheep at each other (among other things), for particular derision.
At this week's conference, UK-based social media consultant Chris Thorpe pointed out that just a month after O'Reilly's clarion call, the Obama election campaign launched the Obama '08 iPhone application. The application organised and prioritised contacts in key battleground states, “making it easy [for campaigners] to reach out and make an impact quickly”.
Advertisement
The application also showed how the user's call statistics compared with the national average. As CNET said: “Those statistics are the kind that can motivate people – they can feel like they're part of something bigger.”
Thorpe told the conference about a number of other networking sites that might satisfy O'Reilly's challenge. Accesscity, for example, is a social networking site through which a community of Londoners is helping to identify the simplest routes across the city for those with mobility issues – be it pushing a baby buggy to carrying heavy bags.
‘Karma points'
At the other end of the spectrum, a social network called We20 will help people around the world to meet up in 20-strong groups to share thoughts on the leading economic issues of the day.
The site is supposed to provide a counterpoint to the G-20 in April, when finance ministers and central bank governors from the world's leading economies will meet in London. We20 aims to draw solutions from the community discussion, rather than relying on politicians to lead the way – although it's not clear what, if anything, it will achieve.
But Glen Lyons, professor of transport and society at the University of the West of England in Bristol, UK, told the conference about a more established social network that is already beginning to deliver on its aims. Zimride is a carpool scheme powered by Google Maps, a social network and, according to the Zimride site, a “ride-matching algorithm”. Since its inception in 2007, Zimride claims to have enabled some 300,000 users worldwide to carpool who might otherwise never have met.
Thorpe thinks social media applications like this one might be the way of the future. Facebook users might one day compete to see who can gain the most “global karma points”, he says – working for the greater good, rather than for their own amusement.
Read previous Innovations: The battle for the paperless book, Robotic faces… for humans, Personal dynamo, Gallery: Designs of the year, Artificial brain for sale, Software that finishes your sentences, The cellphone economy, Sick traveller detector
Right now, in the Ukip bunker, there is a search going on. It is urgent. It is probably desperate. It is the search for a tone. The emotional Rolodex of Nigel Farage is being riffled through in the hope it might throw up something usable. Top presentational aides have been dispatched on a vital quest to find the outer limits of his range. The journey is unlikely to detain them very long. Yet at the most recent reckoning Farage stands a few disputed percentage points away from being acclaimed – like it or not – the most extraordinarily successful British politician of a generation. Globally, he may soon be seen as reflecting us.
Farage's poster is the visual equivalent of Enoch Powell's ‘rivers of blood' speech | Jonathan Jones Read more
A man who yesterday morning was standing in front of a poster eerily similar to genuine Nazi propaganda is today in seclusion, his campaign suspended – like all the official referendum efforts - “out of respect”. And, presumably, out of uncertainty as to what the hell he does next.
Yesterday morning Farage was playing dog-whistle politics. Forgive me: he was playing whistle politics. Understanding the import of the words “BREAKING POINT” across a snaking queue of stricken brown-skinned people does not require ultrasonic capabilities. You can stand down, Lassie. You're not needed today, girl.
Yesterday afternoon, the MP Jo Cox was killed in the street in her Batley and Spen constituency. That her alleged killer had years of mental health issues seems likely. That he is alleged to have shouted, “Britain first” – perhaps a reference to an organisation with which Ukip were last year forced to deny an electoral pact – is a matter of acute sensitivity. If the party barkers were a hundredth as careful about anything else as they are instructing everyone to be about that alleged “Britain first” cry, then they would have moderated themselves into retirement years ago.
“We are not won by arguments that we can analyse,” the great liberal supreme court justice Louis Brandeis observed, “but by tone and temper; by the manner, which is the man himself.”
Character is not always destiny, but tone matters. As we head towards polling day, all eyes must be on the man himself, Nigel Farage, who did more to bring about this referendum than any other, and whose artless, divisive bait-and-switch has felt like its governing spirit. How bound up Britain's destiny has seemed with the character of this rather small man. Where does Britain's-most-successful-politician-in-waiting go from here? Cometh the hour, whence cometh the tone?
Farage will, of course, have to find some words that address the utter loathsomeness of where we find ourselves, and the shame and despair it makes many people feel. Like him or not, David Cameron can do this. Like him or not, Jeremy Corbyn did so on Thursday. Together in Birstall, they found the bearing. And then … Well, it ought to be noted mildly that Thursday's repulsive poster was merely the first in a planned series. Will we see the rest? At this moment of national and personal destiny, will Farage manage to be the politician of stature he assures us he is?
Hitherto, Farage has had a tried and tested shtick for Serious Moments. I notice it all the time now, but I first saw it when I asked him with sledgehammer flippancy whether Nelson Mandela was one of his political heroes. Immediately, Farage lowered his voice and opened his eyes very wide. “He's a human hero,” he intoned. “That day he came out of Robben Island” – it wasn't Robben Island, but anyway – “and stood there and forgave everybody, I just thought: ‘This is Jesus.'” Hugely idiosyncratic for a man on the right of the Tory party at the time, considering most of his political soulmates had only just given up wearing “Hang Mandela” badges, but there you go. “I don't regard him as a political hero,” Nigel went on very quietly and with his eyes still open very wide. “I think he's on a rather higher plane than that.”
Drop the voice, widen the eyes. He'll probably do it this weekend. He certainly does it when anyone accuses him of borderline racism. Down goes the voice, as though he is personally trying to smother their insinuation in the appalled hush it deserves. I have to confess the Farage mind trick doesn't work on me. Instead, every time Nigel deploys it, it makes me think of a Truman Capote line from In Cold Blood. “The quietness of his tone italicised the malice of his reply.”
EU referendum: our panel on Nigel Farage and David Cameron's TV debate Read more
That the political atmosphere was febrile and fetid before Jo Cox's death hardly needs stating. “How foul this referendum is,” wrote the novelist Robert Harris this week. “The most depressing, divisive, duplicitous political event of my lifetime. May there never be another.” Boris Johnson's sister Rachel has since retweeted the observation.
So many of the things that have felt bizarre or even vaguely comic at one Atlantic Ocean's remove have suddenly alighted on our shores. Lies are knowingly painted on buses; previously unsayable things have been said on platforms that lend them a hideous legitimacy; the word “expert” has become as dirty as the word “Westminster”; and the shift to post-factual political discourse feels rapidly under way. No one is more post-fact than Farage. Asked why he was back on the cigs again this week, he replied: “I think the doctors have got it wrong on smoking.”
Don't get me wrong on Nigel – he's fine for a fag, a pint, some jolly japes on the Thames. The entire campaign's only moment of levity came on Wednesday, as his flotilla did battle with Bob Geldof's. In fact, it was while aboard Farage's boat that I saw two children on one of the small remain dinghies and wondered who they were. They looked the same age as my eldest two – about five and three – and I thought how hilarious and exciting mine would have found the whole spectacle. I smiled and waved at them, because there is obviously a law stating that people in or aboard funny forms of transport should always wave at children. I only found out the next day that those children had been Jo Cox's. Her husband Brendan had tweeted: “Kids seriously disappointed there isn't another flotilla today.”
My God, the horror. Lying in wait, the unthinkable horror. Twenty-four hours later, Brendan Cox was issuing a statement on his wife's murder. That he was able to find the words and tone that I am sure I never could in such unimaginable circumstances has been a thing of marvel to so many. We know the heights of humanity when we see them.
And I'm afraid we know when we don't. I'm not sure I've ever heard humanity emanate from Nigel Farage, certainly not convincingly. On the eve of what he hopes will be his finest hour, he must rise to the challenge now. People expect. Britain expects. If you haven't the words and the deportment for this sort of horror, and the politics that the timetable dictates will have to be conducted while it is still so fresh, then you are not fit for office or the sniff of it.
There are many people I respect and admire voting leave – there are people in my family voting leave. I understand their reasons. But they must stomach the reality that a vote for leave will be taken by Farage and countless others as a vote for him, a vote for his posters, a vote for his ideas, a vote for his quiet malice, a vote for his smallness in the face of vast horrors. Is it worth it?
Sam Allardyce believes West Ham may have to curb their attacking intent in order to get anything out of this weekend's trip to Old Trafford.
Having watched his team take four points from their last two outings at Hull and at home to Liverpool last weekend, morale is high in the Hammers camp as they prepare for what is traditionally one of the season's toughest tests.
However with West Ham in good form and Manchester United having shipped five at Leicester last weekend, there couldn't be a better time to play a team who once dominated domestic football but now find themselves struggling to emulate their previous achievements.
Despite that defeat, the Reds' forward line remains one of the most expensively-assembled in world football.
Whilst their defensive woes have been well-documented the likes of Rooney, van Persie, Falcao and Di Maria remain a constant threat - something that Allardyce, who is still seeking his first win over Man U as a West Ham manager acknowledged during his pre-match press conference this morning.
"The quality of United's team may drive us back and if we are to contain their abilities on the ball we have to have a compact unit," he surmised. "When we have the ball we have to break into the spaces they are going to leave.
"They will attack us because Manchester United fans demand that they do. There will be spells when we have to do some deep defending, I'm sure. But if we're as good as we were against Liverpool then we can cause them one or two problems.
"As always we'll have to be as clinical in our finishing as we were last week, that is the key. We can't afford to miss the chances we get.
"We need to make sure we limit their chances and use the possession we do have when we have it. We have to be as good at taking the ball off them as we were against Liverpool last week. We're going to have to dampen the outstanding talent that they do have and the exploit the defensive weaknesses.
"We are going into the game with confidence, and as underdogs. Hopefully we can go out, continue our good performances and get a result."
To read Big Sam's pre-Man Utd presser in full, visit whufc.com.
Sam Allardyce vs Manchester United: the record so far
2013/13
28 Nov 2012 (Premier League): Man Utd 1-0 West Ham Utd
5 Jan 2013 (FA Cup): West Ham Utd 2-2 Man Utd (Collins 2)
16 Jan 2013 (FA Cup replay): Man Utd 1-0 West Ham Utd
17 Apr 2013: West Ham Utd 2-2 Man Utd (Vaz Te, Diame)
2013/14
2 Dec 2013 (Premier League): Man Utd 3-1 West Ham Utd (C Cole)
22 Mar 2013 (Premier League): West Ham Utd 0-2 Man Utd
Totals: Played 6; Won 0; Drawn 2; Lost 4; For 5 Against 11.
Red Bull will run Pierre Gasly on both days of the Silverstone in-season test, with the Frenchman seeking to earn a seat at Toro Rosso in 2017.
Carlos Sainz was confirmed as a Toro Rosso driver for next season ahead of the Austrian Grand Prix, with Red Bull taking up an option on the Spaniard. Daniil Kvyat is currently his team-mate having been swapped with Max Verstappen at the senior team, but team principal Christian Horner said he expects Kvyat to remain as part of an unchanged line-up because “there's not an obvious candidate knocking on the door at the moment that would warrant that seat.”
Despite those comments, Gasly - who has failed to win a race for more than 1000 days after spinning out of the lead of the GP2 feature race in Austria - will get a chance to test for Red Bull in Silverstone following the British Grand Prix.
“Gasly [on both days] because we used our race drivers in Barcelona,” Horner confirmed.
Asked if it is a final audition for Gasly to try and secure a Toro Rosso seat, Horner replied: “He's under contract with options for multiple years.
“Of course any time you get an opportunity to drive a Formula One car you have to grab it with both hands. So he's got an important job to fulfil at the test next week.”
Gasly tested for Toro Rosso during the Barcelona in-season test earlier this year, and currently sits eighth in the GP2 standings.
Austrian Grand Prix - Quotes of the week
Austrian Grand Prix - F1i Driver ratings
Breakfast with ... Alexander Rossi
F1i Classic: Penske's emotional Austrian GP win
Keep up to date with all the F1 news via Facebook and Twitter
ADVERTISEMENT
Mitt Romney has emphatically distanced himself from Rep. Todd Akin, calling the Missouri GOP Senate nominee's grossly inaccurate claim that rape victims rarely, if ever, get pregnant "insulting, inexcusable, and, frankly, wrong" — even going so far as to publicly urge Akin to drop out. Meanwhile, Team Obama, in a bid to widen its lead with women voters, is trying to to tie Akin to the GOP ticket through Romney's running mate, Rep. Paul Ryan, who last year co-sponsored a bill with Akin that would have narrowed the rape exception to the rules on federally funded abortions to "forcible rape," and granted "personhood" to human embryos from the moment of fertilization. Is Ryan's record on abortion going to cost Romney votes?
Yes. Ryan puts the GOP ticket out of the mainstream: "Ryan's record on abortion is extremely conservative, even by Republican standards," says Jonathan Cohn at The New Republic. The "personhood" bill he and Akin pushed could have outlawed not just abortion, but IVF and even some kinds of contraception. And Ryan would surely ban abortions for rape victims if he could. Romney wants voters to forget all that, but the truth is he's got a running mate with abortion views most voters "could not stomach."
"What Romney wants you to forget"
No. The Left is twisting Ryan's views: It's no secret that "Paul Ryan is unapologetically pro-life," says S.E. Cupp at the New York Daily News. But Democrats are trying to spin that to suggest that he hates women, using bogus charges like the whopper about how Ryan and Akin's bill sought to "redefine rape." The fact is that "forcible rape" is a legal term — ask the FBI. Using Ryan's proximity to Akin to suggest he thinks some rape is okay "is irresponsible, untrue and frankly, disgusting."
"Paul Ryan is not Todd Akin"
The truth is, Romney has good reason to worry: Pretty much everybody, Romney included, seems to recognize that Akin's views on abortion and rape are going to hurt the GOP in the Missouri Senate race, says Margaret Carlson at Bloomberg. And like it or not, when it comes to such social issues, "the difference between Ryan's views and Akin's could fit on a Post-it note." This is not what Romney wants to be talking about. But thanks to Akin's remarks and Ryan's legislative history, we're now in the midst of "a discussion in the presidential race over social issues that will be hard for Republicans to control."
"Todd Akin and Paul Ryan are more alike than you think"
Read more political coverage at The Week's 2012 Election Center.
Parents Can Learn How To Prevent Anxiety In Their Children
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
Children of anxious parents are more at risk of developing an anxiety disorder. But there's welcome news for those anxious parents: that trajectory toward anxiety isn't set in stone.
Therapy and a change in parenting styles might be able to prevent kids from developing anxiety disorders, according to research published in The American Journal of Psychiatry Friday.
The researchers, led by psychiatry professor Golda Ginsburg, a professor of psychiatry at UConn Health in Farmington, Conn., looked at 136 families. Each family had at least one parent who had been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder and at least one child in the 6-to-13 age range who had not yet been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder.
Roughly half the families received eight weekly sessions of family therapy, while the other half received only a 30-page handout describing anxiety disorders, without specific strategies for reducing anxiety.
After one year, only 5 percent of children from the families who received the family-based therapy had been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder. Among families who received just the handout, that number jumped to 31 percent.
"The basic question was, because we know that anxiety runs in families, could we prevent children from developing an anxiety disorder whose parents had the illness?" says Ginsburg, who conducted the study with colleagues from Johns Hopkins University. The answer was yes, at least over a year.
The researchers will now continue to study these same families, thanks to funding from the National Institute of Mental Health. They will look at whether the children of the families who received the therapeutic intervention go on to develop an anxiety disorder later on in adolescence or early adulthood.
The message from the study's findings so far, Ginsburg says, is that the focus needs to shift from reaction to prevention. "In the medical system there are other prevention models, like dental care, where we go every six months for a cleaning. I think adopting that kind of model — a mental health checkup, a prevention model for folks who are at risk — is I think where we need to go next."
All humans feel anxiety. It's normal, and in many cases, it's a good thing — it makes us run when we see that bear coming toward us or study for that tough exam that's coming up tomorrow.
But in people with an anxiety disorder, that dose of healthy anxiety goes awry. People might feel levels of anxiety that are out of proportion to the situation or feel anxiety in a situation where there is simply no threat. Ginsburg likens it to an "alarm clock going off at the wrong time."
In children, excessive anxiety can come in a variety of ways. Some might struggle with separation anxiety, where they're afraid to go anywhere without their parents.
Others might struggle with social anxiety, afraid of anything from raising their hand in class to eating in front of others in the school cafeteria. Still others struggle with overwhelming worry. They might think, "If I fail this test, I'll fail this grade, fail out of high school, never go to college, never get a job and become homeless."
Whatever the form that the anxiety takes, it's a combination of overestimating the risk of danger — whether that danger is in the form of embarrassment, a dog or a test — and underestimating one's ability to cope, says Lynne Siqueland, a clinical psychologist who specializes in treating anxiety disorders in children and adolescents and was not involved in the study.
There is no single cause for anxiety disorders, Ginsburg says. They're the product of an interaction of genetic and environmental factors. But the disorders do run in families, she says, and there are certain parenting behaviors that can promote anxiety — like modeling anxiety in front of your kids. Modeling might be direct, like jumping up on the kitchen table when you see a mouse, or indirect, like overcautioning your kids to be careful when there's no danger.
Ginsburg has recruited participants for many clinical trials; she says it was easiest to recruit families for this one. "The parents who suffered with anxiety themselves had it since they were children, and they did not want their children to suffer in the same way that they did."
The first two therapy sessions were with the parents alone, where they discussed the impact of the parents' anxiety disorder on the family and how often they do things that could inadvertently raise levels of anxiety in their children.
In the remaining six sessions with the entire family, the therapist worked with the family on how each person could recognize anxiety and use coping strategies to deal with it.
One key strategy is helping parents understand that kids have to face their fears, Ginsburg says. Sometimes parents help their children avoid anxiety-provoking situations because they're worried it's too much for the child, "when in fact they need to help them face their fears in order to reduce their anxiety," she says.
Siqueland, who provides workshops for parents on how to help their kids cope with anxiety, agrees. Armed with the right information, Siqueland says, parents can help their children prevent anxiety or coach their kids through it when it happens. If your child is scared to walk into that first soccer practice alone because he doesn't know anyone, don't throw the car in reverse and speed back home, she says. Sit calmly with him as he musters the courage to walk in.
The biggest message Siqueland tries to impart to parents she works with is not to try to prevent anxiety, but instead promote their child's competence in handling it. If your child doesn't like to go play at friends' houses, they need to go play at more friends' houses, she says.
"That is kind of an 'aha' moment in the parent workshops," Siqueland says, "that kids who worry about these things need more practice, not less."
Another message Siqueland gives parents: Anxiety is very treatable. "Kids are not doomed to distress."
News
'Time to separate club and international calendar'
ESPN Staff
© Getty Images Enlarge
Bath chairman Bruce Craig has issued a manifesto calling for changes to the way club and international rugby co-exist.
In an interview with the Rugby Paper Craig outlined his ideas for the way rugby ought to run in the future, separating club and international rugby in a way which makes both sustainable.
The major change would be for the current June and November Test windows to be scrapped and merged into a new six-week international window running from mid-August to late-September, enabling outgoing and incoming tours to be confined within a single block. Outside that, the Six Nations would be cut from seven to six weeks in the second window of international fixtures.
Those changes would mean the Northern Hemisphere club rugby season would be in two blocks - the first from October to mid-February and then from April to June. The Southern Hemisphere's Super Rugby season would be completed in one block between February and July, with the Rugby Championship being played in October and November. World Cups and Lions tours could be accommodated within the August to September window.
Craig said he anticipated hostility from the Six Nations unions and the IRB but that could be overcome. "What we have is based on history and is a remnant of the bygone amateur and touring days," he said. "If we were to have a blank piece of paper, we certainly wouldn't have the fragmented nature of the international and club scene in the North and South. Anyone sensible outside rugby would say it doesn't make sense.
"There should be a separation of the club and international calendar. There's no way the club game should be devalued by playing on the same day as Test matches, so one of the key things is to have different windows in which to do things.
"Nothing in the Northern Hemisphere is based on logic, it's purely based on historical blocks like the Six Nations, which everyone says is the Holy Grail which makes international rugby all its money, and the June and November blocks."
The June block, he said, was the worst of the lot. "An England tour at the end of a really tough season is very hard on players. It should be scrapped and an extended international block later in the year would be the best solution for English rugby."
Asked if his plans are simply those of a club chairman putting his interests ahead of the greater national ones, he said it was not that simple. "We all know players want to play international rugby and we want the national team to be at the pinnacle of the English game as well. The problem with all of this is that the Unions and IRB all like the status quo. They don't necessarily want to change anything but we need to be progressive in England and push things forward, which is what I and others fully intend to do."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
MIAMI — A federal agent disguised in a gorilla suit and placed in a cage helped nab Mexican zoo officials who were attempting to smuggle primates to their homeland, a prosecutor said Tuesday.
The Mexicans, including Victor Bernal, 57, the director of zoos and parks for the interior state of Mexico, were shown real gorillas, orangutans and chimpanzees at Miami-area zoos, authorities said.
They were told the animals could be smuggled to Mexico and that they would be delivered Monday, authorities said.
"But it's risky and dangerous to use a real animal, so we had to use a willing substitute--an agent in a gorilla outfit," Assistant U.S. Atty. Dan Gelber said.
The agent was placed in a cage at the Opa-Locka airport, supposedly to be flown to the Toluca zoo in Mexico. Bernal and two Mexican middlemen took delivery of him, authorities said.
RIDGEFIELD PARK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Please replace the photo with the accompanying corrected photo.
The release reads:
SAMSUNG EMBARKS ON NEW ERA OF WHOLE HOME AUTOMATION WITH THE LAUNCH OF SAMSUNG CONNECT HOME SMART WI-FI SYSTEM
All-in-one Whole Home Wi-Fi and SmartThings Hub Offers Ultimate Home Control for Today's Families
Available for Pre-order Exclusively at Best Buy on June 4; launching nationwide July 16th
Samsung Electronics America, Inc. today announced Samsung Connect Home will be available exclusively for pre-order on BestBuy.com starting June 4. Samsung Connect Home is the industry's first Smart Wi-Fi System to combine fast, reliable Wi-Fi coverage for every room in a home with Samsung's industry-leading smart home platform, Samsung SmartThings.
The Samsung Connect Home Smart Wi-Fi System is available as a three-pack or single. Ideal for homes up to 4,500 square feet, the three-pack has an MSRP of $379.99. A single Connect Home is for homes up to 1,500 square feet and has an MSRP of $169.99. For homes with high bandwidth demands for gaming, streaming or home offices, a single Samsung Connect Home Pro is available at an MSRP of $249.99. A consumer can connect up to five Samsung Connect Home devices at once.
“Today's smart homes have the power to deliver simple and efficient automation, but as families stream more content and buy more connected devices, it's a struggle to get fast, reliable and extendable Wi-Fi coverage,” said Bill Lee, Vice President, Smart Home Product Marketing, Samsung Electronics America. “With Samsung Connect Home, we're redefining the whole home network to finally offer families a simple solution that expands Wi-Fi coverage throughout the home while offering the ability to monitor, automate and control smart devices using Samsung SmartThings. All of this with just a few taps on a smartphone.”
Samsung Connect Home Features
Works As A SmartThings Hub – Samsung Connect Home is the only whole-home Wi-Fi system that works as a SmartThings Hub, making it compatible with hundreds of Works With SmartThings devices. With no monthly fees or subscriptions, Samsung SmartThings makes it easy to automate and manage your smart home, and gives you the flexibility to expand your smart home with lights, door locks, cameras, voice assistants, thermostats and more.
– Samsung Connect Home is the only whole-home Wi-Fi system that works as a SmartThings Hub, making it compatible with hundreds of Works With SmartThings devices. With no monthly fees or subscriptions, Samsung SmartThings makes it easy to automate and manage your smart home, and gives you the flexibility to expand your smart home with lights, door locks, cameras, voice assistants, thermostats and more. Expandable mesh Wi-Fi network – Samsung Connect Home is easily expandable. Each router has a range of 1,500 square feet, and users can wirelessly connect up to five Samsung Connect Home devices for mesh network coverage of 7,500 square feet.
– Samsung Connect Home is easily expandable. Each router has a range of 1,500 square feet, and users can wirelessly connect up to five Samsung Connect Home devices for mesh network coverage of 7,500 square feet. Safe & secure – Consumers can rest easy knowing that Samsung Connect Home is protected by hardware-based security technologies. Automatic firmware updates provide additional safeguards to keep smart devices secure.
– Consumers can rest easy knowing that Samsung Connect Home is protected by hardware-based security technologies. Automatic firmware updates provide additional safeguards to keep smart devices secure. Simple setup and unified management – Samsung Connect Home can be set up with easy-to-follow instructions using the Samsung Connect app. The app will guide placement of each Samsung Connect Home device throughout a home for optimal performance. Samsung Connect simplifies smart device management with automatic connectivity, convenient device integration and easy set-up. Using Samsung Connect, users can easily see and manage connected devices, set parental controls and allow guest access.
– Samsung Connect Home can be set up with easy-to-follow instructions using the Samsung Connect app. The app will guide placement of each Samsung Connect Home device throughout a home for optimal performance. Samsung Connect simplifies smart device management with automatic connectivity, convenient device integration and easy set-up. Using Samsung Connect, users can easily see and manage connected devices, set parental controls and allow guest access. Compact design – Samsung Connect Home replaces larger, antenna-laden routers with a simple, sleek and compact design that can be placed anywhere and everywhere in the home, even in plain sight.
“As we work with customers in stores and in their homes, we know how important it is to have fast, secure and reliable whole-home Wi-Fi, especially with more smart devices now connecting to the web,” said Mary Ortizcazarin, Vice President of Smart Home at Best Buy. “Samsung's Connect Home Smart Wi-Fi System accomplishes this with strong Wi-Fi access in every corner of the home, and as a hub for the rest of your smart home.”
Samsung Connect Home will be available for purchase on July 2 at Best Buy stores and BestBuy.com.
For more information, please visit http://www.samsung.com/us/explore/connect-home/.
PRODUCT SPECS:
Samsung Connect Home (Available in Single and 3-Pack) Samsung Connect Home Pro Antenna 2x2 MU-MIMO 7EA (5GHz: 2EA, 2.4GHz: 2EA, BT: 1EA, ZigBee: 1EA, Z-Wave: 1EA) 4x4 MU-MIMO 10EA (5GHz: 4EA, 2.4GHz: 4EA1, BT: 1EA, Z-Wave: 1EA) Processor 710 MHz Quad Core 1.7 GHz Dual Core Memory 512 MB (RAM) + 4 GB (Flash) 512 MB (RAM) + 4 GB (Flash) Connectivity Zigbee, Z-Wave, Bluetooth 4.1, 4x WiFi (2.4 GHz + 5 GHz) Zigbee, Z-Wave, Bluetooth 4.1, 8x WiFi (2.4 GHz + 5 GHz) WiFi Standards 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac wave 2 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac wave 2 Speed3 AC1300 (866Mbps @ 5GHz, 400Mbps @ 2.4GHz) AC2600 (1733Mbps @ 5GHz, 800Mbps2 @ 2.4GHz) Range4 Single: up to 1,500 sq ft 3-Pack: up to 4,500 sq ft up to 1,500 sq ft Port RJ45 x 2, Power x 1 RJ45 x 2, Power x 1 Size 120 x 120 x 29.5mm (device) 147.5 x 148 x 78mm (package) 120 x 120 x 29.5mm (device) 147.5 x 148 x 78mm (package) Model Single: ET-WV520B 3-Pack: ET-WV520K ET-WV530B Price Single: $169.99 3-pack: $379.99 $249.99
1One of the 2.4GHz antenna is used for ZigBee, if SmartThings hub is enabled. 2Data rates can be adjusted to 600Mbps if the SmartThings Hub is enabled. 3Based on IEEE 802.11ac specification; Wi-Fi speeds will vary based on range, site conditions, and other factors 4Wi-Fi coverage will vary based on home construction and layout.
About Samsung Electronics America, Inc.
Headquartered in Ridgefield Park, N.J., Samsung Electronics America, Inc. (SEA), is a recognized innovative leader in consumer electronics, mobile devices and enterprise solutions. A wholly owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., SEA is pushing beyond the limits of today's technology and providing consumers and organizations with a portfolio of groundbreaking products in appliances, home entertainment, Internet of Things, mobile computing, smartphones, virtual reality, wireless infrastructure and wearables, in addition to offering leading content and services related to mobile payments, 360-degree VR video, customer support and more. Samsung is a pioneering leader in smartphones and HDTVs in the U.S. and one of America's fastest growing home appliance brands. To discover more about Samsung, please visit www.samsung.com. For the latest Samsung news, please visit news.samsung.com/us and follow us @SamsungNewsUS.
About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Samsung inspires the world and shapes the future with transformative ideas and technologies. The company is redefining the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, digital appliances, network systems, and memory, system LSI and LED solutions. For the latest news, please visit the Samsung Newsroom at http://news.samsung.com.
Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin speaks during a cabinet meeting on Russia's military-industrial complex in Moscow, March 1, 2010. REUTERS/Ria Novosti/Pool/Alexei Druzhinin
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Once it has completed work on its own fifth-generation fighter, Russia must proceed with designing a brand-new nuclear-capable strategic bomber, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said on Monday.
“Certainly, we should not confine ourselves to developing just one new model. After the fifth-generation fighter jet, we must think and get down to work on a next-generation, long-range aviation complex — our new strategic missile carrier,” Putin told a cabinet meeting on Russia's military-industrial complex. After the demise of the Soviet Union, Russia inherited a fleet of the still formidable but fast-aging Tupolev Tu-95MS turbo-prop strategic bombers and missile platforms codenamed “Bears” by NATO.
It also has a much smaller fleet of the more modern, supersonic Tupolev Tu-160 “Blackjack” jet bombers, the world's biggest warplanes built so far.
Russia test-flew its long-awaited stealth fighter at the end of January, presenting it as Moscow's first all-new warplane since the 1991 Soviet collapse and a challenge to the technological supremacy of Cold War foe the United States which rolled out its fifth-generation fighter more than a decade ago.
Putin, then president, ordered in 2007 to resume Soviet-style patrols of Russian bombers around the globe, seeing it as a way of boosting Moscow's stature in the world.
It's no longer justifiable not to be catching up with Justified.
Showcase will air the acclaimed series across Canada starting with the first episode, beginning Sunday, March 18.
Justified, which stars the Emmy-nominated Timothy Olyphant as Deputy U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens, originates on the cable channel FX in the United States. The series has been airing regularly in Canada on the pay service Super Channel, and currently is in the midst of its third season. But if you don't get Super Channel, here's your chance to sample the goods, albeit a tad late.
Justified was created by Graham Yost and is based on novels by Elmore Leonard. In the first episode of the series, Raylan – a modern lawman with old-West flair – finds himself in publicity trouble after a messy shooting in Florida. He is transferred back to his home state of Kentucky, where all too quickly his job puts him in conflict with some old acquaintances.
It happened in the middle of my rental home kitchen last year. The moment I became a photographer. I mean, I'd taken photos for the last 5 years, nonstop, every day. I'd taken classes and been on photowalks to learn the ropes. I'd watched every tutorial on youtube under the search “how to shoot in manual mode”. I'd even licensed some photos to Getty Images and was making some pocket change every month. Photography wasn't just something I did, it became how I saw the world..real truth. Not the fake shit everyone pretends or wishes was real. You can't hide anything in a photo. The look in the eye, the mess on the floor, the people who are there, the unkempt hair, the place where you stand…it's all there. A blur of shifting moments, light, connection, pattern, emotion, and truth.
I think that is what hooked me on photography. But taking pictures and calling yourself a photographer are two different things, and I hesitated to make that leap on account of being self conscious about not being classically schooly trained in the fine art of photography. So it remained something that I thought of as a somewhat obsessive hobby. I took pictures not to sell pictures, but to get to the truth of the matter. I took pictures to share with other people what I saw…because usually it was something subtle that they'd missed. I took pictures because if I put my camera away for even 10 minutes, my fingers would get antsy and my mind would get obnoxious with the thought, “There's your shot. Take the shot! That's the shot right there! FOR GODSAKES PICK UP YOUR CAMERA AND GET THE SHOT!”
And then, there I was, standing in the middle of the kitchen with my kids throwing eggs at me. It was for a photo idea that I'd been kicking around in my head ever since reading the quote “you can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs!” At that point in my life I had an imploded marriage, changing friendships, discarded religion, and traumatized kids; and the imagery of broken eggs wouldn't leave my mental space. The only way to make it go away was to capture it for real…that's just how my mind works. In my year of letting go and breaking down, I turned my camera on myself. I was having to find my own truth, and the only real way I knew how to do that was to photograph it.
So I gave my two daughters a dozen eggs each and told them to throw 'em at me and at the kitchen cabinets while I took pictures using my remote setting. My son was in the other room skyping with a friend. “What's going on over there? It sounds crazy!” his friend asked. My son responded with, “oh, nothing. They're just throwing eggs around the kitchen.” After a pause, his friend asked, “Why?! That doesn't make any sense!” And my son said 6 words that changed everything.
“Because my mom is a photographer.”
I'd never ever call myself that. But when he said it, everything clicked into place. I'm not a photographer because I only use film instead of digital (I don't). Or because I am a technical genius with my DSLR (I'm not). Or because I have clients calling me every day (nope!). Or because I charge a bijillion dollars for an hour of my time (ha! not!).
I am a photographer because the only other option is to be a crazy lady. A crazy lady obsessed with trashing her kitchen.
“Hey kids, throw eggs at the cupboards for me! Why? Because I'm a photographer! It's what I do!” sounds so much better than “We gonna throw eggs all up in this house! Why? Because the voices in my head told me to!”
“Hey, the oldest daughter, I'm going to need your help pouring gravy on me once I get myself into this oven. Why? Because I'm a photographer! It's what I do!” is much less of an express ticket for her to go right to a therapist than “honey, will you put some extra gravy on my back, I'm stuck in the oven. Why? Cuz I'm a crazy mo fo, fo sho!”
When my youngest daughter walks in and I've emptied the contents of the freezer onto the ground so I can fit inside, and then she observes, “Mom, I don't think freezers are for people…” it's more comforting to say “Photographers look at things in a different way. It's what we do!” than it is to say, “I know honey, but mama's having a little mental breakdown over the state of her frozen emotions that are now thawing out so why don't you eat some of this nicely chilled out pizza and when mama is done and all dried off and dressed, I'll join you for lunch!”
My goal is to find a locally owned record store or coffee shop somewhere that will put up a few of the better photos from my series I will call “self portraits: divorce edition!” for a day or two until the locals are sufficiently freaked out and the images are taken down. Just long enough for me to take my kids and say, “See! A gallery show! This is what I was working so hard for! Doesn't it make perfect sense?!” Then the next time I crawl into a metal bin and they tell me that normal people don't do stuff like that, I'll remind them of my gallery show and say “I'm not normal. I'm a photographer!”
It's sad that in our society you can't just be spectacularly unique and own that shit, instead you have to justify it by getting a respectable income for it and/or the accolades of lots of other people. Usually I rage against such restrictive societal norms. But, my kids are involved in this, and so I'll do what it takes to play by the rules if it means they won't have to come up with a sensible explanation to their friends about why the kitchen is covered in spaghetti sauce other than “because my mom is a photographer.” Therapy bills averted all the way around! At least in the short term!
Since my son claimed the title for me, I've found that the experiences followed. When I saw myself as a photographer, other people did too. I have freelanced my way all around a bunch of different countries, being paid to use my camera to capture my vision.
I am photographer! Hear me roar/scream/throw food around/wrap myself in bubble wrap!
Do you have anything in your life that you find cathartic and enjoyable? Do you work at it and make it a part of what you “do”?
Advertisements
Charles Barkley is usually one to go against the grain of resistance, but when it comes to Colin Kaepernick's continued free agency, he's singing a different tune.
“The dude is getting blackballed because he's messing with [NFL owner's] money,” Barkley said at the National Association of Black Journalists conference Thursday, Aug. 10, according to Marc J. Spears of “The Undefeated.”
Kaepernick drew criticism last season when he sat down and later took a knee during the national anthem to protest Black oppression and, at the time, Barkley wanted more to be done.
“Everybody's engaged already,” Barkley told the Bleacher Report in October. Everybody's talking about it and know about it. I'm just a bit more big on action. Once you get off your knee, like, ‘OK, what are you doing?' Because football season is going to be over soon. And the question is: How long do you do it? When is it over?'”
Kaepernick, who opted out of his contract with the San Fransico 49ers in March, reportedly has decided he won't protest this season, but he has yet to be signed to a new team. The quarterback has been keeping busy giving to charity and discovering his roots in recent months and hasn't commented publicly on his circumstance.
Barkley, however, has weighed in regularly on the matter.
“I think what Colin has done has been awesome,” Barkley said during a call-in interview on “The Dan Patrick Show” Wednesday, Aug. 9. “I think his cause is terrific, but there are ramifications and he's paying for those. For every action, there's a reaction. You look at the greatest athlete of all time, Muhammad Ali. When he didn't go in the draft, there were ramifications. He didn't get to fight for three years. So, as noble as what Colin is doing — and it's very noble — but there are consequences. … It's very unfortunate, but when you take a stance on certain things, there is a price to pay. It's that simple.”
The administration has taken yet another step in cracking down on the for-profit college industry. The U.S. Education Department released a staff report Wednesday recommending that officials decline to renew their recognition of the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools, a century-old organization that accredits hundreds of institutions, many of them controversial for-profit colleges.
An unnamed Education Department administrator told reporters Wednesday that ACICS had made mistakes, and not just little ones, expert David Halperin wrote in a blog for the Huffington Post. "These were quite severe, quite egregious, irreparable," the official said, adding that “some schools provide extremely poor outcomes for students or even commit fraud but nevertheless still maintain accreditation.”
ACICS is undergoing its routine review process, but Education Department staff recommended that it lose its status as a legitimate organization that can judge whether schools should give out degrees and receive federal aid. "This is not the final word on ACICS — so nothing is inevitable or happens immediately — but this recommendation does kick off a process that students will want to know more about," the department noted in a blog post. If the recommendation goes up the chain, schools with ACICS accreditations will have 18 months to find another accreditor. Otherwise, they could lose their eligibility for aid.
This is a big deal because ACICS approved Corinthian Colleges Inc., a major chain of for-profit colleges that collapsed last year amid allegations that it used overly aggressive recruiting techniques, rigged job placement rates and gave out predatory loans. It also accredits ITT Technical Institute, which International Business Times previously noted is under investigation by the Justice Department.
"The call from U.S. Department of Education staff to terminate ACICS' role in the federal financial aid programs is a monumental step to protect students and taxpayers," Ben Miller, the senior director for postsecondary education at the Center for American Progress, wrote in a news release. "ACICS' abuse of the public trust for years could not — and must not — go unpunished. This decision sends a strong and unambiguous signal that accreditation must do a better job acting as a gatekeeper to federal funds."
An official in the Education Department will now look at the recommendation and weigh it alongside input from the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity, according to its blog post. ACICS can appeal the ultimate decision.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
President Donald Trump's new election commission is seeking sensitive personal data on every registered voter in the country—including names, birth dates, party affiliations, and partial Social Security numbers—without any explanation for how it will be used or what security measures are being taken. To voting rights advocates and election experts, the move amplifies fears that the commission's work will be used to suppress voting, particularly among minorities and other groups that lean Democratic.
After notoriously (and falsely) insisting in January that as many as 5 million fraudulent ballots were cast in the 2016 election, Trump created the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity last month to study vulnerabilities in the election system and provide recommendations for fixing them. The commission is led by Vice President Mike Pence and vice-chaired by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who has a national reputation for pushing the myth of widespread voter fraud and erecting hurdles to registering to vote.
On Wednesday, Pence announced that the commission had sent letters to all 50 states “requesting publicly available data from state voter rolls.” That prompted immediate concern among voting rights advocates, which was heightened when one of the letters, sent to Connecticut, was published online, revealing alarming details about the extent of the information the commission wanted.
“This is the Trump administration creating a government database that hasn't existed before, and it's one that asks for voters' political parties,” says Jason Kander, former Missouri secretary of state and chairman of a group of Democrats created by the Democratic National Committee to speak out against Trump's election commission. “It looks more and more like they're going to target certain voters who aren't going to vote for them.”
The requests, sent by Kobach, demanded a long list of items. The Connecticut letter requests, “if publicly available under the laws of your state, the full first and last names of all registrants, middle names or initials if available, addresses, dates of birth, political party (if recorded in your state), last four digits of social security number if available, voter history (elections voted in) from 2006 onward, active/inactive status, cancelled status, information regarding any felony convictions, information regarding military status, and overseas citizen information.'” Rather than keep this data under lock and key, Kobach's letter says he will make it publicly available.
“Pence and Kobach are laying the groundwork for voter suppression, plain & simple,” Vanita Gupta, who ran the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department during the Obama administration and now heads the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, tweeted Thursday. In a follow-up statement, she added, “The integrity of our elections is indeed under assault—just not in the way Trump claims.”
There are multiple layers of concern about the collection of this data by the president's commission. For the secretaries of state, it's not entirely clear whether they will be legally liable for misuse of people's private information if they hand over the requested data. For voters, the data presents a real threat because it makes private information that was closely guarded by the state available to anyone with an internet connection.
Politically, there is the issue of how the data will be used and what policies the commission will recommend as a result. After Trump suggested that 3 million to 5 million people voted illegally and then floated the idea of the commission in the first weeks of his presidency, voting rights groups feared it would be used to suppress the vote among poor and minority voters, potentially using tighter voter ID laws, new barriers to registering, and voter roll purges.
The data will be handled by employees in the executive office of the president, who serve as the commission's staff. “No one should trust the likely shoddy data analysis of this commission headed by people with a track record for not being accurate about the prevalence of voter fraud, working for a President who has made wildly unsupported allegations of voter fraud,” election expert Rick Hasen of the University of California-Irvine School of Law wrote on his blog Thursday.
Election experts immediately noted that the data likely to be collected by the commission will result in flawed analyses. Because federal law prohibits election officials from removing names from the rolls without specific indications that they are no longer eligible, there will inevitably be ineligible voters on the rolls—people who have recently moved, for example—a fact that could be exploited to make voter rolls appear error-riddled. And because state laws differ on how this information can be disseminated, the data won't be uniform from state to state.
“He's not going to be able to compare apples to apples and oranges to oranges because he's not going to have the same data from every state,” says Myrna Pérez, an expert on voting rights and election administration at the left-leaning Brennan Center for Justice. David Becker, executive director of the Center for Election Innovation & Research, a nonprofit that studies election administration, notes that without this sensitive data—which many states will likely to be unwilling or legally unable to turn over—any analysis will be virtually meaningless. “So a choice must be made—either collect enough data, including sensitive data, to make the analysis useful (which requires a comprehensive security plan), or get virtually no utility from the data whatsoever,” Becker wrote Thursday. Kobach and his team have opted to go with publicly available data that Pérez says will result in “junk science.” The commission's decision to compile a flawed data set causes voting rights advocates to worry that its members already know the policies they intend to push, such as photo ID requirements to vote, proof of citizenship to register, or increasing voter list purges.
Some states have laws that restrict how voter data can be shared, so secretaries of state could face legal repercussions if they follow the administration's request and hand over voters' sensitive information. There are good reasons for those laws: With all this data made public, for example, a person could look up nearby Democratic voters, track them down with their addresses, and harass them or intimidate them from voting. A business could use the data to market products to people registered with a certain political party, even though some state laws prohibit using voter data for commercial purposes.
And now that Russia has interfered in US elections and is likely to try to do so again, it's risky to make the entire nation's voter data public. “It's just shocking,” says Pérez, that “in a period where we know that there's a risk that we have foreign interference and foreign attacks on our registration systems, that somebody thinks it's a good idea to take the voter registration rolls in all 50 states and put them all together in one place.”
It's little wonder that Democratic secretaries of state have already shown resistance to the request. Alex Padilla, the California secretary of state, declined Kobach's request. Kentucky's Democratic secretary of state, Allison Lundergan Grimes, did the same. Virginia's Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, said he has “no intention of honoring this request.”
This list will continue to grow, but it's unlikely to stop Kobach and the commission from getting enough data to issue a report to Trump. As Michael McDonald, an election expert at the University of Florida, predicted on Twitter, enough states will send in enough information that “Kobach can apply sloppy matching algorithms to (erroneously) claim lots of double voting and noncitizen voting.” Those findings, he continued, “will be used by Republicans to justify roll back of federal voting rights protections,” and “states will follow.”
Major Ace, one of the founders of grime, has died.
He was part of Pay As U Go Cartel, which helped launch the careers of Wiley and DJ Target, among others.
The MC, whose real name was Luke Monero, had been suffering from a brain tumour, and passed away on Sunday.
Chipmunk, Lethal Bizzle, Wretch32, MistaJam, and Twin B are among the artists and DJs paying tribute to him on social media.
His death was confirmed by his younger brother, Cass.
Pay As U Go Cartel reached number 13 in the charts with Champagne Dance in 2002.
The crew, including Wiley and BBC 1Xtra DJ Target, as well as Slimzee, Geeneus, Gods Gift and Flow Dan, have gone on to successful careers in grime.
Speaking to Newsbeat, Wiley said Major Ace's death had greatly affected him: "Major Ace means a lot to me and he'll be forever missed."
"He got the credit he deserved. Major Ace was Wiley before Wiley."
In 2014, they collaborated with fellow London crew So Solid, and recorded a session for 1Xtra.
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
A screenshot of William Hill advertising on Twitch.tv - a popular video gaming website.
Victoria's newly appointed Commissioner for Children, Liana Buchanan, said "children were particularly susceptible to gambling advertising" and it was important legislation kept pace with changes in digital technology.
"It's a concern to see gambling advertising apparently being targeted specially to arrive on the computer screens and smartphones of young people," Ms Buchanan said.
"We know young people of all ages are using these platforms on a regular basis, and the research tells us young people are particularly susceptible to gambling advertising, so it's important to monitor this approach by industry"
"The digital space and how we use it is constantly evolving so it's important to make sure regulation of this type of advertising stays up to date"
The Victorian government is concerned about the prevalence of gambling advertising in the community. Credit:Victor J. Blue
William Hill local competitor ASX-listed Tabcorp has long called for changes to Australian gambling advertising.
Pushing the boundaries
Tabcorp chairwoman Paula Dwyer said at the company's annual meeting in October that a well regulated gambling industry was in everybody's best interests, and this included "nationally consistent and clear regulations around gambling advertising".
"The growth in online betting, wagering advertising and the propensity of some wagering operators to push the boundaries has created challenges for regulators and the communities in which we operate," said Ms Dwyer.
"Last year [2014], there was $89 million spent on wagering advertising across Australia. That was up 34 per cent on the prior year. Our concern is not only that advertising is regulated differently in every state and territory, we also share the community's view that there is too much gambling advertising."
Last year, there was $89 million spent on wagering advertising across Australia. That was up 34 per cent on the prior year. Tabcorp chairwoman Paula Dwyer
Fairfax's attempts to contact William Hill were unsuccessful. The bookmaker is one of several which has started wagering on video games or e-sport.
According to Deloitte almost 150 million people across the world watch e-sport, with the industry's overall revenue leaping 25 per cent to to $US500 million ($663.78 million) in the past year.
It is tipped for another 25 per cent revenue jump in 2016, and 75 per cent of its audience are millennials, aged 18-34, Deloite added.
The industry's growth has seen a flurry of corporate activity. Online retailing giant Amazon bought Twitch.tv for nearly $US1 billion in 2014, while Swedish media company Modern Times snapped up a majority stake in ESL, the oldest e-sport company for $US87 billion in 2015.
Locally, resource company Volta Mining has transformed itself into eSports Mogul, which has secured a 10-year licence to operate the online platform of eSports Hero – a New York-domiciled company – across the Asia Pacific region, including China. eSports Hero director Gernot Abl said his children spent more time watching other people play video games than regular television.
But advertising on websites is vastly different from spruiking on regular television.
'Limited control'
Ben Willee, the general manager of Melbourne-based advertising agency Spinach, said both advertisers and site owners had "limited control" on where their ads appeared online.
"It would be a complicated process to understand exactly how a particular advertisement ended up on a particular site," Mr Willee said.
"Depending on how and when they [a site owner] are receiving those ads, they have limited control over whom the advertisers are. Basically there is a tool called an SSP, or a sell side platform, and that's a computer that controls what ads they receive from an advertising exchange."
But an advertiser can override the technology, Mr Willee said.
"You can remove specific sites from your campaign if there is a concern they are not your target audience or it may be construed as outside your category guidelines.
"It's the same argument that's been kicking around tele forever and a day, if you advertise booze in a sporting match, kids are going to see it. Until the technology gets better, they are going to have that limited control."
Nevertheless, the Victorian government is concerned about the prevalence of gambling advertising in the community, particularly when it comes to children and young people.
"This is a complex issue which crosses borders and we need to start having a national conversation about how to best tackle this issue," a government spokeswoman said.
The conviction of former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell and his wife Maureen on several corruption charges reveals yet again that Americans are more troubled by elected officials who pocket personal gifts than by those who accept large campaign contributions, sometimes from the same special interests. If it were otherwise, a considerable number of members of Congress would be on the docket right next to the governor—and on the way to jail.
The public can readily visualize an elected official doing special favors for someone who pays for designer clothing and accessories, a Rolex watch, and even his daughter's wedding. They get even more enraged if someone gets a free trip of Vegas or a week at a choice golf course. (Such junkets are now labeled “educational" trips, because while Congress piously tightened ethics rules on junkets in 2007, some lobbyists deftly redefined themselves to evade the restrictions).
The public is much less troubled, I regret to report, by boatloads of cash called campaign contributions delivered by special interests to members of Congress and other elected officials, which are much more harmful to the public interest and U.S. Treasury than personal gifts. What did businessman Jonnie Williams get for his gifts to the McDonnells? The governor promoted Williams's dietary supplement and encouraged a state university to conduct research on it. Now compare this to the power of campaign contributions. For example, the vitamin-supplement industry has given hundreds of thousands of dollars to Senators Orrin Hatch, a Utah Republican, and Tom Harkin, an Iowa Democrat. The pair has helped keep the FDA from regulating these supplements to ensure that they be safe and effective.
Senate Funding Bill For State Dept. Asks It To Figure Out Ways To Stop Bad People From Using Tor
from the good-luck-with-that dept
...the Committee requires that spend plans submitted by the Department of State and BBG pursuant to section 7078(c) of the act include a description of safeguards to ensure that circumvention technologies are not used for illicit purposes, such as coordinating terrorist activities or online sexual exploitation of children.
... made available for the research and development of new tools or techniques authorized in paragraph (A) only after the BBG CEO, in consultation with the Secretary of State and other relevant United States Government departments and agencies, evaluates the risks and benefits of such new tools or techniques, and establishes safeguards to minimize the use of such new tools or techniques for illicit purposes.
It would appear that Congress is not so happy that the State Department is a major funding source for the Tor project. Tor, of course, is the internet anonymyzing system that was originally developed with support from the US government as a way to promote free and safe access to the internet for people around the globe (mostly focusing on those under threat in authoritarian countries). Of course, other parts of our government aren't huge fans of Tor, because it doesn't just help activists and dissidents in other countries avoid detection, but also, well, just about anyone (except on days when the FBI decides to hack their way in ).There has, of course, always been some tension there. There are always the conspiracy theorists who believe that because Tor receives US government funding it is by default compromised. Those tend to be tinfoil hat wearing types, though. The folks who work on Tor are not exactly recognized for being particularly friendly to intrusive government surveillance. They tend to be the exact opposite of that. And, of course, part of the Snowden revelations revealed that Tor was one tool that still stymied the NSA in most cases.But it appears that Congress may be quietly trying to undermine this. On Friday, Politico had a tiny blurb in passing about how the latest State Department appropriations bill making its way through Congress includes some references to stopping "circumvention technologies" from being used by bad people. The Politico report suggests this is designed to apply more broadly to encryption, but reading the specifics it appears to be targeted straight at Tor. Here's the Senate report on the appropriations , where it discusses funding related to "internet freedom."That, of course, was the reasoning behind Tor in the first place, but here Congress is now trying to put some limitations on what the State Dept. can do with its funds, including demanding that it seek out ways to stop bad guys from using technology like Tor. In the report, it's described this way:In the full bill , the key section notes that the funding shall only be available for internet freedom after efforts are made to stop bad people from using the tools.In case you're wondering, the "BBG CEO" is the CEO of the Broadcasting Board of Governors, the US government agency that manages media efforts around the globe, such as the Voice of America.Make no mistake, this appears to be an attempt to sneak in an attack on Tor via Congress into the State Dept. Tor has been developed to provide the best absolute anonymity/privacy tools for people using the internet -- with the acknowledgement that it can be misused, because the people developing it recognize that the best way to protect the vast majority of its users is to build a system that is truly secure -- not one that artificially tries to limit its uses. Hopefully, this provision is changed, or else it may be eventually leveraged as a way to attack Tor, to attack Tor's funding and try to get the State Department to stop supporting such useful projects.
Filed Under: congress, funding, state department, tor
U-20 WNT
MONCTON, Canada (Aug. 12, 2014) – Lindsey Horan recorded a first-half brace and assisted a Rose Lavelle tally as the U.S. Under-20 Women's National Team defeated China PR 3-0 to earn second place in Group B and advance to the quarterfinal stage of the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup at Moncton Stadium.
The USA wraps up the group stage with a 2-1-0 record (6 points) and a second place finish. In Tuesday's other Group B finale, Germany defeated Brazil 5-1 to maintain first place in the group with a 2-0-1 record (7 points).
The USA will now face the Group A winner on Saturday, Aug. 16, with a 5 p.m. ET kickoff at National Stadium in Toronto (ESPN3). Heading into Tuesday night's Group A matches, Korea DPR was leading the group at 2-0-0 (6 points), followed by Canada and Ghana at 1-1-0 (3 points). Canada enters the day with an advantage over Ghana in goal differential.
Goal Scoring Rundown:
USA – Lindsey Horan (Makenzy Doniak), 19th minute: Shortly after China PR's defense escaped damage one minute earlier, the USA took control of the match thanks to leading U-20 goal scorer Lindsey Horan. Makenzy Doniak crossed from the right side against a China defense that was on its heels, finding Horan around eight yards out in the middle of the box. Horan fired top-shelf over China goalkeeper Lu Feifei's right glove and rattled the crossbar. The ball ricocheted down and crossed a foot or two over the line, bouncing back onto the field of play. The officiating staff was right on top of the play and correctly awarded the goal to Horan. USA 1, CHN 0
USA – Lindsey Horan (unassisted), 38th minute: The U.S. capitalized on a set piece chance with Rose Lavelle providing a well-struck corner kick from the right side toward the center of the box. Savannah Jordan rose up and might have clipped the ball with her head. China's Lyu Siqi and Zhong Xiudong both had an opportunity to clear, but the defense was unable to do so and Lindsey Horan was at the right place at the right time. Horan slotted her shot into the lower right side of the frame for the unassisted tally and a two-goal cushion heading into halftime. USA 2, CHN 0
USA – Rose Lavelle (Lindsey Horan), 49th minute: The USA had a confident buildup to put the match out of reach, starting with Rose Lavelle in the midfield. She distributed to Lindsey Horan on the right side as the U.S. had numbers against China's defense. Horan dribbled into the right side of the box and crossed to Lavelle up top. Lavelle cut to her right foot to create some space against China defender Zhong Xiudong and shot to the inside of the left of the goal. It was Lavelle's first international goal at the U-20 level and Horan's first assist of the tournament. USA 3, CHN 0 (FINAL)
Key Saves and Defensive Stops:
CHN – Zhu Beiyan, 16th minute: The USA came inches away from scoring the game's first goal with a buildup down the left side that led to a Savannah Jordan shot inside the box. Jordan's attempt was blocked by China PR's defense, and Mallory Pugh had another crack for the U.S. inside the six-yard box. China's Zhu Beiyan bailed out her squad with a clearance at the end line that bounced off of the left post and out of harm's way for the time being.
Next on the Schedule:
The U.S. U-20 WNT will face the Group A winner to open the quarterfinal stage at 5 p.m. ET on Saturday, Aug. 16, at National Stadium in Toronto.
Broadcast information: ESPN3
Social: Twitter (@ussoccer_wnt | @ussoccer_esp); Facebook; Instagram
Additional Notes:
The USA is now 11-1-0 in international competition this year.
The U.S. U-20s have allowed only four goals in international play this year, outscoring their opponents 44-4.
Lindsey Horan scored her team-leading second and third goals of the tournament. She now has 10 goals in international competition this year.
For her U.S. U-20 WNT tenure, Horan has now scored 23 goals in 24 international matches.
Rose Lavelle notched her first goal of the year in 10 international games.
U.S. U-20 WNT head coach Michelle French's starting lineup featured Katelyn Rowland returning for a third straight start in goal. The defense was anchored by right back Stephanie Amack, left back Christina Gibbons on the left, and the center back duo of Katie Naughton and team captain Cari Roccaro.
The center of the 4-3-3 formation included Lavelle, Andi Sullivan and Horan as an attacking midfielder.
Makenzy Doniak, Savannah Jordan and Mallory Pugh represented the front line from right to left.
The USA made its first substitution at the start of the second half with Margaret “Midge” Purce replacing Jordan in the 46th minute.
Carlyn Baldwin made her second appearance of the tournament, replacing Sullivan in the 62nd minute.
The U.S. utilized its final sub in the 69th minute. Summer Green made her third straight second-half appearance of the tournament, entering for Doniak.
China PR made all three of its substitutions by the 61st minute.
-U.S. Under-20 Women's National Team Match Report-
Match: U.S. U-20 Women's National Team vs. China PR
Date: Aug. 12, 2014
Competition: 2014 FIFA Under-20 Women's World Cup – Group B
Venue: Moncton Stadium; Moncton, Canada
Kickoff: 5 p.m. local / 4 p.m. ET
Attendance: 4,708
Weather: 73 degrees – sunny, warm
Scoring Summary: 1 2 F
USA 2 1 3
CHN 0 0 0
USA – Lindsey Horan (Makenzy Doniak) 19th minute
USA – Lindsey Horan 38
USA – Rose Lavelle (Lindsey Horan) 49
Lineups:
USA: 1-Katelyn Rowland; 16-Stephanie Amack, 3-Cari Roccaro (capt.), 20-Katie Naughton, 2-Christina Gibbons; 5-Rose Lavelle, 17-Andi Sullivan (13-Carlyn Baldwin, 62), 10-Lindsey Horan; 9-Makenzy Doniak (8-Summer Green, 69), 7-Savannah Jordan (15-Margaret Purce, 46), 12-Mallory Pugh
Subs Not Used: 4-Brittany Basinger, 6-Taylor Racioppi, 11-Rachel Hill, 14-Nickolette Driesse, 18-Jane Campbell, 19-Kaleigh Riehl, 21-Rose Chandler
Head Coach: Michelle French
CHN: 1-Lu Feifei; 2-Yao Lingwei, 3-Zhong Xiudong, 5-Lyu Siqi, 13-Li Mengwen; 6-Lei Jiahui (15-Shi Tianlun, 61), 7-Liu Yanqiu (11-Zhang Zhu, 55), 10-Tang Jiali, 14-Tan Ruyin, 17-Zhu Beiyan (capt.); 19-Xiao Yuyi (18-Wang Shuang, 42)
Subs Not Used: 4-Zhao Yingying, 8-Dong Jiabao, 9-Zhang Chen, 12-Li Xiang, 16-Zhao Xinzhai, 20-Li Mengyu, 21-Nan Yang
Head Coach: Wang Jun
Stats Summary: USA / CHN
Shots: 20 / 5
Shots on Goal: 13 / 2
Saves: 2 / 9
Corner Kicks: 5 / 2
Fouls: 4 / 10
Offside: 1 / 0
Misconduct Summary:
None
Officials:
Referee: Katalin Kulcsar (HUN)
Assistant Referee 1: Lucie Ratajova (CZE)
Assistant Referee 2: Chrysoula Kourompylia (GRE)
Fourth Official: Therese Sagno (GUI)
ussoccer.com Woman of the Match: Lindsey Horan
The Family Circus Movie Moves Forward With A Pair Of Writers By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
While I like the scene for many reasons, the chief among them is the fact that it's totally relatable. Anybody who has ever gone to the funnies for entertainment knows that the Bil Keane comic completely ruins the experience every goddamn time. So you know what news I'm really sad to report? They are moving forward with a Family Circus movie.
Bringing back memories of a deal made
Strangely, this news comes just days after it was announced that a CGI/live-action hybrid version of Heathcliff is in the works, but those are hardly the only comic strips that have ever been given the feature film treatment. In the past twenty years there has been a Dennis The Menace movie (which was critically trashed) and two Garfield titles (that didn't fare much better). Don't expect much better out of The Family Circus. One of my favorite scenes in Doug Liman's 1999 dark comedy Go (a movie that I highly recommend) features characters played by Timothy Olyphant and Katie Holmes sitting together in a diner and having a friendly conversation about the daily funnies. Olyphant begins to talk about his hatred for the comic strip The Family Circus, saying, “You sit down and read your paper, and you're enjoying your entire two-page comics spread. Right? And then there's the Family fucking Circus, bottom right-hand corner, just waiting to suck.”While I like the scene for many reasons, the chief among them is the fact that it's totally relatable. Anybody who has ever gone to the funnies for entertainment knows that the Bil Keane comic completely ruins the experience every goddamn time. So you know what news I'm really sad to report? They are moving forward with a Family Circus movie.Bringing back memories of a deal made a little over two years ago Variety has gotten word that Fox and Walden Media are once again working together to try and make a movie based on the humorless aforementioned strip and hired a pair of writers to take care of the script. Nichole Millard and Kathryn Price, who just recently sold a series pitch to ABC called Grievances, have been given the impossible task of trying to make the wholesome, Christian family worth your money at the box office.Strangely, this news comes just days after it was announced that a CGI/live-action hybrid version of Heathcliff is in the works, but those are hardly the only comic strips that have ever been given the feature film treatment. In the past twenty years there has been a Dennis The Menace movie (which was critically trashed) and two Garfield titles (that didn't fare much better). Don't expect much better out of The Family Circus. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
People rally during a protest against the Muslim immigration ban at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on Saturday. (Stephanie Keith/Getty Images)
Kyle Dykstra served in the Army's 82nd Airborne Division and deployed twice to Afghanistan before being discharged and becoming a State Department diplomatic security agent in Iraq. In both locations, he worked with Muslim interpreters who helped Dykstra understand the people, culture and threats around him.
The executive order that President Trump signed Friday suspending the admission of all refugees to the United States for 120 days and banning for 90 days the entry of any citizen from seven Muslim-majority countries outraged Dykstra as he recalled his experiences overseas. The decision showed not only a “sickening lack of empathy,” he said, but a lack of perspective for how it will complicate the lives of U.S. troops who work with Muslim troops and interpreters.
“This spits in the face of almost 16 years of cooperation with Muslim allies across the world,” said the former soldier, now in training in Iowa to become an emergency medical technician. “They can die for our security, but we can't extend that same security to them now.”
[Trump order barring refugees, migrants from Muslim countries triggers chaos, outrage]
A federal judge granted an emergency stay Saturday preventing the deportation of travelers with valid visas from affected countries — Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — to stay in the United States after landing. But Trump tweeted Sunday that “extreme vetting” is needed, and the Department of Homeland Security pledged to continue carrying out his order, drawing attention to a long-simmering conversation about what is appropriate, fair and legal to prevent terrorist attacks.
More than a dozen recent veterans told The Washington Post on Saturday that they were opposed to Trump's order both on moral grounds and because of concerns it could endanger U.S. troops and interests. But several others said they were in favor of it, and that they could see a benefit to imposing similar restrictions on other Muslim-majority countries, such as Afghanistan, as well.
John Bernard, who retired as a Marine in 2004 and later lost his Marine son, Joshua, in an attack in Afghanistan in 2009, said that Trump's executive order “makes perfect sense” to him. If the countries that Trump targets are unwilling or unable to stop potential terrorists from leaving, it makes sense for the United States to protect itself, he said. The religion of Islam, in Bernard's estimation, includes teaching that can be dangerous.
“When I look at Islam, I'm not looking at the people,” said Bernard, who voted for Trump in Maine. “We're not talking about hating Syrians, or Afghans, or Iraqis, or Yemenis. We're talking about understanding the depravity of the ideology of Islam.”
There is one notable exception, though, Bernard said: Interpreters who have worked for years with deployed U.S. troops should be “shown deference” and allowed to enter. “As far as I'm concerned, if they're willing to vouch for them, somebody needs to look at those folks.”
Allison Jaslow, a former Army captain who deployed twice to Iraq, said she can relate to the passion felt by people on both sides of the issue after losing friends there. But she is concerned that the Trump administration did not consider how the order would affect troops who are currently deployed to Iraq in the campaign against the Islamic State.
“Every day, I wear a bracelet on my wrist to remember my buddy who got blown up by a car bomb when we were deployed in Iraq in 2005, but today I'm thinking about the troops we have on the ground there now,” said Jaslow, who is nowchief of staff for the nonprofit Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America.
“How many of our brothers and sisters who are currently deployed are counting on nationals to fight alongside them?” Jaslow asked. “And if they risk their lives to save the lives of American soldiers, are we not then willing to save their lives?”
J.R. Salzman, an Army veteran who lost half of his right arm in Iraq in 2006, said that he likes neither Trump nor his presidential election opponent Hillary Clinton, but is “having a hard time” disagreeing with Trump's effort.
“Terrorist groups have made it known they're using the flood of refugees to try and infiltrate other countries,” Salzman said.
Salzman added that former president Barack Obama instituted a six-month ban on refugees from Iraq in 2011 — a fact that numerous conservative websites claimed Saturday was being overlooked. They cited a 2013 ABC News report that said flaws in the U.S. refugee screening program allowed some militants who had targeted U.S. troops in Iraq to resettle in the United States.
But James LaPorta, a Marine infantry veteran who completed two deployments to Afghanistan, said that it is wrong to say the United States doesn't already have a strict vetting process for refugees. LaPorta said that he once vetted Muslim interpreters while working in intelligence, and found the process painstaking.
“As Americans, we promised to help give them asylum,” LaPorta said of interpreters. “We promised to leave no man behind. It just seems more like a cheap bumper sticker than a bond of trust.”
One Army veteran, Dylan Park, recalled meeting his former interpreter in Iraq, Brahim, years later while traveling to Arizona to attend the funeral of Park's brother. Brahim picked him up in a taxi, and the men hugged when Park realized who his cab driver was. He said Brahim saved his life twice — once abroad and once in the United States.
I told this story about #refugees a couple years ago on Veterans Day with a humorous slant. I'm going to tell it again today, unfiltered. — odp (@dyllyp) January 28, 2017
His long thread of messages went viral and was shared by numerous celebrities, including actress Olivia Wilde, author and screenwriter David Simon and Andy Richter of the late-night TV show “Conan.”
This story was updated to clarify what the court's stay Saturday allows.
Related coverage:
Some Republicans are speaking out against Trump's refugee plan. Not Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell.
Countries where Trump has done business not hit with new travel restrictions
Pence and Mattis once opposed a ban on Muslims. They didn't speak up Friday.
Is Marina Shafir the one to beat Cris Cyborg?
Right after signing with Invicta FC, Shafir told Ariel Helwani on Monday's edition of The MMA Hour that she still has to "earn" the right to fight the Invicta FC featherweight champion, but will "eventually" beat her.
Cyborg laughed at those comments.
"I think she wants attention," Cyborg told MMAFighting.com. "I'm the featherweight champion and we will absolutely meet, but first she needs to start winning and get on the line, because she only has two fights and got knocked out by Amanda Bell in 30 seconds in her last fight."
A longtime friend and training partner of UFC champion Ronda Rousey, Shafir was impressive as an amateur fighter going 5-0 with five first-round submissions. For her professional debut, Shafir tapped Chandra Engel with a quick armbar. In her next fight, though, she ended up finished by Bell in 37 seconds.
Asked if anything on Shafir's game stands out about her, Cyborg again poked the new Invicta FC signee.
"Her tongue," Cyborg said. "She talks too much."
Undefeated Bethe Correia earned a shot at Rousey after defeating two of "Rowdy's" training partners in Shayna Baszler and Jessamyn Duke, but Cyborg -- who campaigned for a 140-pound catchweight clash with the UFC bantamweight star -- won't use Shafir as a way to piss off Rousey.
"Trash talk is not my thing," Cyborg said. "I believe I have other weapons to make a fight get booked."
"I'm working hard with my nutritionist George Lockhart on this project," she added of cutting down to 135 pounds one day, "but right now I'm focused on defending my title on July 10."
Cyborg will put the Invicta FC 145-pound title on the line on July 10 in Las Vegas, but has yet to know her opponent.
"I have no idea yet," she said. "I'm training and waiting for Invicta FC to tell me who I'm fighting, and then I will be ready."
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
London experienced a massive surge in anti-Semitism in 2015, with anti-Semitic incidents up more than 60 percent over the previous year.
According to figures recently released by the London Metropolitan Police, 483 anti-Semitic crimes were recorded during the 12-month period ending on November 15, while only 299 such incidents were recorded during the corresponding period in 2014, marking an increase of 61.5 percent.
The police defined anti-Semitic crimes as “any offense which is perceived to be anti-Semitic by the victim or any other person, that is intended to impact upon those known or perceived to be Jewish.”Speaking with The Jewish News, a local newspaper, a police spokesman said that his department was “committed to tackling hate crime in all its forms” and that it “take[s] positive action to investigate all hate crime allegations, support victims and their families and bring perpetrators to justice.“There has been a rise in faith/religious hate crime. However the MPS believes these increases are down to a range of factors, including the improvements in crime recording, a growing willingness of victims to report hate crime; and an improved awareness of MPS staff to identify these offenses,” he said.The police added that they speak regularly with local synagogues and collaborate with the Community Security Trust, a Jewish communal safety organization.The CST said that it views the rise with concern, telling The Jewish News that it hopes it could be chalked up to “improved confidence among victims and witnesses to report hate crimes.”In September the European Union's Fundamental Rights Agency issued a report stating that it EU member nations lack systematic methods of collecting data on anti-Semitism, contributing to “gross underreporting of the nature and characteristics of anti-Semitic incidents that occur. Incidents that are not reported are also not investigated and prosecuted, allowing offenders to think that they can carry out such attacks with relative impunity,” the organization stated.In late 2013, the FRA reported that a third of European Jews it had polled had admitted to refraining from wearing religious garb or Jewish symbols out of fear, with a further 23 percent avoiding attending Jewish events or going to Jewish venues.While 66% reported anti-Semitism as having a negative affect on their lives, 77% did not bother reporting abuse or harassment.While overall figures for global anti-Semitism in 2015 are not yet available, data made available by the Kantor Center for the Study of Contemporary European Jewry at Tel Aviv University earlier this year indicated that violent anti-Semitism surged 40 percent in 2014.A total of 766 violent incidents were recorded worldwide last year, a “sharp increase” over the 554 tallied in 2013, according to the European Jewish Congress, which contributed to the Kantor Center report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Two chimps held at a research facility in the US are waiting to hear if they have been illegally detained
Monkey business: should chimpanzees have the same rights as humans?
Age: Ooh, anyone's guess. Mankind split from them about four to six million years ago, so – old. Very old.
Appearance: Simian. But they ape humans, too.
Chimpanzees! Surrogate family, faithful friends and eventually subjugated … uh … subjects of Tarzan! PG Tips stars! Circus performers in little pillbox hats and red jackets! Funny word that Harry Hill used to say! It's this kind of infantilising, patronising attitude that has got us where we are today.
Thank you! No, in a bad way.
Oh, how so? By stopping us thinking about our fellow primates as human beings.
But they're not. Well, they're as good as.
No, they're not. Fortunately, the New York supreme court does not agree with you.
Why, what has it said? Judge Barbara Jaffe recently ruled in a lawsuit brought by the Nonhuman Rights Project –
Wait, isn't that Ukip? No, that would be the Non-Human-Rights Project.
OK, continue. Jaffe said she would grant a writ of habeas corpus to two chimps, Hercules and Leo, being held in a research facility at Stony Brook University in Long Island, requiring the university to attend a hearing on 6 May to justify the animals' imprisonment and in effect granting a non-human ape legal “person” status for the first time.
What's habeas corpus again? No unlawful detention without trial, that sort of thing.
Great news! Think of all the people in Guantánamo! And Yarl's Wood! And … Let's just stick to Stony Brook and Hercules and Leo for now, OK? Those are deep waters and we've very little room.
Well, what about them? The news was greeted with delight by the NhRP as a great step along the road to recognising the needs and rights of intelligent and emotionally complex creatures such as chimpanzees. At least, it was until …
Until? Well, until Jaffe said there had been a mistake and had the wording corrected so that they were no longer quite so habeas corpussed and legally personhooded.
I see. So the whole thing's really just been a bit of … monkey business? They've still got the hearing on 6 May. So we'll see.
Do say: “How wonderful that we seek to extend our rights to those who differ slightly from us!”
Don't say: “Yeah, I'm gonna bring up that Gitmo thing one more time …”
Indigenous Services Minister Jane Philpott is calling for an emergency meeting early next year on Indigenous child welfare, declaring that the current situation resembles the horrors of Canada's residential school system that forcibly removed young Indigenous people from their families and communities.
Philpott, who fired off a letter this week to her provincial and territorial counterparts requesting their attendance at the meeting, said the rate at which Canada is apprehending Indigenous kids is among the highest in the world.
"To me, this is arguably the most pressing priority of my new department," Philpott said in an interview.
There is no cohesive plan to examine how to get children back into Indigenous communities, she said, suggesting it is necessary to get everyone together who has a role to play, including First Nations, Metis and Inuit leaders, child and family services agencies and groups such as the First Nations Child and Family Caring Society.
The society's executive director, Cindy Blackstock, along with the Assembly of First Nations, has been engaged in a battle spanning more than a decade on the underfunding on child welfare services for First Nations children.
Day of action
The AFN held a "day of action" on Thursday, including a demonstration on Parliament Hill, to urge Ottawa to "immediately and fully implement" a 2016 decision from the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal stemming from this fight.
"There is still ... there's no question, a gap in funding levels," AFN National Chief Perry Bellegarde said at a press conference following the rally. "We are going to keep coming back to that."
Bellegarde, who welcomed next year's emergency meeting on child welfare, also pointed to an NDP motion that passed unanimously in the House of Commons one year ago, calling for an immediate injection of $155 million to ensure the government complies with the tribunal's findings.
While the provinces and territories have a role to play, he stressed that the federal government has a responsibility to ensure adequate resources for children on reserve.
Assembly of First Nations Chief Perry Bellegarde speaks during a press conference at the National Press Theatre in Ottawa on Thursday, Nov. 2, 2017, regarding National Day of Action on First Nations Child Welfare. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press)
Philpott said the government is working to comply with the tribunal findings but conceded Ottawa has a "huge responsibility" to tackle outstanding problems with Indigenous child welfare.
Still, she insisted Ottawa is working to turn the tide.
"We know that the federal government needs to step up and be a real partner in this work," Philpott said in the letter to the provinces and territories.
"It is time that we do more and that we do it faster."
While lots of works remains to be done, Philpott has pointed out that the government has approved more than 19,700 cases since 2016 under what's known as Jordan's principle — a policy aimed at ensuring First Nations children can get services without getting caught in red tape.
Philpott said she spoke last week with Sen. Murray Sinclair, who led the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's examination into the residential school legacy. He told her it's no coincidence provinces with the highest rates of children in foster care generally are the same provinces that had the highest rates of residential schools.
Cora Morgan, a family advocate with the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs, said Thursday the upcoming emergency meeting will be critically important, noting that the vast majority of children in the foster system in her province are Indigenous.
"We have to debunk that mainstream understanding that when these children are taken they are put into these loving, caring environments," she said. "That's far from the reality ... All these children want to go home."
Some people have pointed out the lack of diversity in the ALP's video about local jobs. Fair cop. A bad oversight that won't happen again.
A budget bonus is on the way for some of those who need it most. @ccroucher9 reports. #9News
If you were watching the 6pm news last night, you may have seen the debut of Labor's new ad campaign that will target marginal electorates and "mix patriotism and protectionism".
The ad says Labor will "put Australians first" when it comes to jobs and procurement.
And it shows opposition leader Bill Shorten standing next to a group of ~everyday Aussies~.
But people couldn't help noticing one thing about the ad...
Yep, almost all the people chosen to represent Australians appear to be white.
FUCK YEAH NOT SURE WHAT THE PROBLEM IS THERE'S FUCKLOADS OF DIVERSITY HERE AT LEAST TWO ARE FROM ADELAIDE AND ONE I… https://t.co/3ucwxl6vRZ
It did not go unnoticed on social media.
Plenty of people thought the ad was just flat out racist.
The only thing whiter than this Labor ad is the SBS Eurovision hosting team
So much white... it's blinding
"If you thought the Oscars were #SoWhite, just wait 'til you see..."
Employ "Australians" First - Good to see ALP advertising reflecting the rich tapestry that is Australia
And some just took the piss.
this looks like Bill is hosting a reboot of channel 7 classic "The Mole"
BuzzFeed News can reveal the ad was by advertising agency The Moss Group, overseen by ad maker Darren Moss, who was behind Labor's recent successful “Mediscare” ad featuring former Labor prime minister Bob Hawke.
Moss did not return repeated requests for comment on Monday morning.
Privately, Labor MPs are expressing outrage and bewilderment at how the ad was made without a single non-white Australian being shown.
“Take a look at a photo of Labor caucus, then that ad,” one senior Labor MP told BuzzFeed News. “What are we doing?”
Very (pleasantly) surprised to see em speak about what's happening in the country, given the violent vile federation they are a part of!😀 pic.twitter.com/swTf3jBpDr — Shreyas Rao (@shreyasnrao) June 29, 2017
Our account has been restored after it was hacked for a brief period. @IndianFootball doesn't comment on politics or non-sporting matters. — Indian Football Team (@IndianFootball) June 29, 2017
In what seems to be a serious breach of their social media security, the India Football Federation has claimed that their Twitter account was hacked after the handle published tweets taking potshots at Prime Minister Narendra Modi.The tweets, which have now been deleted, were immediately retweeted by other users, and read the following"Very (pleasantly) surprised to see Modi speak about what's happening in the country, given the violent vile federation they are a part of"The tweets came at a time Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a stern message to 'gau rakshaks' on Thursday said that killing people in the name of cow protection is not acceptable.There was another tweet sent out from the AIFF account, there was a message for the PM which stated,"Now that Mr Modi has said that no one can take the law in his hands, he has to ensure the perpetrators don't get away with the crimes"The social media wing of the AIFF was quick to delete the tweets and has since stated that their account was hacked and that the body does not comment on politics and non-sporting matters.
----
*-. Thank you so much for taking the time to look at my work!
-------
Want to buy ??
please read the info in the link below
My gallery is going to become some sort of Toothless den XDHe is a bigger version of my Young Toothless plush, the regular one is 13" tall while this one is 18"more toothless to hug!! he has an open mouth and scale texture on certain areas of his boy.And also has a little fish pal!, looking rather nice and joyful!i didnt want him to look like a "plain" fish so, with some little extra color, some big eyes and by giving him some cool scale texture on the fabric... bam!, he even stands by itself XDi really enjoy making cute little details like this n_nThis time i didn´t forgot to take a size comparison picnote that im 1.70cm tall, that may give you a better idea of his size.... yes! im awkward XD i dont like being on photos @_@
Canadian uranium could end up in Indian nuclear weapons triggering a new arms race between India and Pakistan, according to about 200 international experts and delegates of the World Uranium Symposium who denounced the Canada-India uranium deal signed on the eve of the NPT review conference to be held in New York City in two weeks' time as an attempt by Harper government to undermine and discredit the key international treaty prohibiting the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
“Despite rules specifying no military use of Canadian materials, some uranium from Canada could well end up in Indian bombs,” said Dr. Gordon Edwards of the Canadian Coalition for Nuclear Responsibility. “At the very least, Canadian uranium will free up more Indian uranium for weapons production purposes.”
India, which maintains an arsenal of nuclear weapons and has never signed the United Nations' Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), signed a five-year contract with the Saskatoon-based company Cameco to supply over seven million pounds of uranium to India over the next five years during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Canada.
“Canada's attitude sends a terrible message to the international community regarding the necessity for all countries to respect and to reinforce the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty,” said Arielle Denis, Director of the International Campaign for the Abolition of Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
“India's nuclear weapons program is very active, as demonstrated by a series of nuclear test explosions,” Shri Prakash, one of several participants from India at the World Uranium Symposium, said. “Moreover tensions between India and Pakistan, a country with its own nuclear arsenal, are running very high. The attitude of Canada is irresponsible and alarming,”
“We should be reinforcing the NPT and not undermining it,” Arielle Denis of ICAN explained. “Canada is going against the Austrian Agreement launched last December to fill the gap present in international law by making it not only illegal to use nuclear weapons, but also to possess them. Nuclear warheads are the only Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) not forbidden under existing international conventions,”
The experts point out that India has already broken its promise to Canada in the past by using a Canadian reactor given as a gift in 1956 to produce the plutonium for its first atomic bomb, detonated in 1974.
Canada broke off all nuclear cooperation with India, a policy that was maintained until the Harper government decided to resume nuclear cooperation between Canada and India despite its nuclear arsenal.
Australian delegates to the World Uranium Symposium also expressed grave misgivings about the negotiations towards a similar agreement between India and Australia, whereby Australian uranium would be sold to India.
ERROL PARKER | Editor-at-large | Contact
“To understand cryptocurrency, you have to first understand what normal currencies are,” said Tom Leary to his partner-of-sixteen-years, Daphne Wallace.
“Before currencies existed, you had individuals trading and bartering their services with other individuals. Do you follow?”
Daphne wasn't following.
They were driving to Sunday brunch at Carmichael Brock's Betoota Grove home in their leased-but-late-model Volkswagon Golf with the airconditioning on and the windows down.
She cast her mind back to mid-July, when Tom would try to talk to her about the football and who was looking like a ‘September team' and who wasn't. For the 3 am alarms Tom set so he could get up early to watch the cricket abroad.
All of those seemingly vapid and self-absorbed sports-based rantings that Tom did back then – she'd die to hear them now.
Because all that Tom and his close friends are capable of talking about now are blockchains, hash rates, public/private keys and smart contracts.
“You probably wouldn't understand, it takes a lot to get into,” said Tom despite Daphne's job which involves auditing businesses and collecting and interpreting financial data.
“I'll try to teach you as much as I can but you'll have to really do some reading.”
Arriving at the brunch, Tom retrieved his stylish sun hat from the Volkswagen's practical rear parcel shelf and placed it on his head, checking the fit in the rear vision mirror while Daphne stared blankly ahead.
Walking into the flowing six-bedder overlooking town to the west, Tom and Daphne quickly said hello to their hosts, Alex and Carmichael, before separating off to opposite sides of the room.
“Has Tom stopped talking about cryptocurrency yet?” asked Alex.
Daphne smiled and cracked her bottle of warm clean skin riesling and sat down.
“No. Not yet. Has Carmichael?” she said.
“No. Not yet.”
Vigorously stirring curried chicken at my hearth cooking class in Brooklyn. Photo by Edmarie Crespo.
Surprising, isn't it? To see a curry dish from 1840? The history of curry in the United States is actually much older than one would expect.
The History
The search for affordable spices pushed the English East India Trading company to establish routes into India as early as the first half of the 18th century. By 1820, it had used its army to subdue most of India and the government assumed official control of the country by 1858. It's not a happy history, but because of India's colonial government, the flavors many native dishes mixed with English dining habits.
At the same time the British Raj was establishing itself, Americans were busy falling in love with Queen Victoria. Although England and America had had their differences in the past, when Victoria ascended to the throne in 1837, we went gaga for the young Queen. After marrying her fashionable German husband Albert in 1840, the power couple could do no wrong in our eyes.
Victoria led the trends in the Western World, from Christmas trees to crinolines to curry powder. The highly-spiced seasoning blend came from India with returning soldiers; and after gaining popularity in England, became a trend in the United States.
Curry powder, and the use of the word curry, are Western inventions and do not reflect any specific Indian food. A similar mixture of spices used in India is called garam masala, but the blend is proprietary and different all over the country.
The spice blend for an 1840s curry.
The Recipe
I don't know if this is the earliest curry recipe in an American cookbook, but it's the earliest one I have found so far. The author, Eliza Leslie, directs you to make your own curry powder for this dish.
Chicken Curry
Directions for Cookery, in its Various Branches by Eliza Leslie, 1840
2 chickens, broken down into breasts, thighs, and legs; marinated in a salt water brine at least a half hour.
To make the curry paste:
2 tablespoons powdered ginger
1 tablespoon powdered turmeric
1 teaspoon black pepper
½ teaspoon mace
3 cloves
½ teaspoon cardamom
Pinch Cayenne
Pinch Salt
3 medium onions
Make the curry paste: combine all ingredients in a food processor and blend until it forms a paste. Place a quart of water overheat to boil. When it comes to a boil, add the curry paste and simmer until dissolved. Keep at a boil until you are ready to pour it over the chicken.
Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry. Heat a generous amount of butter in a pan, then add chicken pieces. Fry, skin side down, until brown. Add the curry water, adding more water if necessary to cover the chicken completely. Simmer until chicken is cooked and tender. Add two tablespoons of butter kneaded with an equal quantity of flour. Simmer until the sauce has thickened. Serve with boiled rice.
A student in my hearth cooking class adds curry paste to a pot of boiling water. Photo by Russell Karmel.
The Results
The curry paste made in this recipe had a floral smell and flavor; and although spicy, not at all hot. The turmeric gave it the typical coloring of a curry, but it tasted unlike any curry I had ever had before.
That being said, it seemed to be missing something. Although the chicken was pleasant, it lacked the heat of contemporary curry powders which I find makes all of the more subtle spices in the bland marry and sing.
But I've also come to suspect that Americans, throughout history, have craved progressively hotter and hotter foods. At the time of Ms. Leslie's curry powder, the hottest spice mentioned in popular American cookbooks was black pepper. In contrast, in the past fifty years chili powder, garlic, and peppers, with greater and greater concentrations of capsaicin, have become more and more common in American food. I think we have developed a taste for, and a tolerance for, heat. If Eliza Leslie tasted a modern Indian-American curry, I think her head would explode.
One of the wonderful things about facing the toughest time in your life is that you'll get to know and be surrounded by the people who care about you the most. Family. Friends. Girlfriend(s).
But in the case of a victim of a recent car accident in China, compassion was the least of his worries.
The victim, identified only by his surname Yuan, suffered non-life-threatening injuries but had to face the something scarier. Seventeen women. All of whom claimed to be his girlfriend. #PogiProblems
Image via Changsha TV
The 17 girlfriends (who of course didn't know about each other) showed up at the same time in the hospital after their shared hubby's doctors contacted all of them assuming that they were “relatives.”
According to the South China Morning Post, the girls were surprised to discover the truth about their darling. Xiao Li, who has been in a relationship with Yuan for about 18 months, said she wept uncontrollably upon learning that he'd been in an accident.
Continue reading below ↓
“I was really worried when I heard that he was in hospital. But when I started seeing more and more beautiful girls show up, I couldn't cry anymore,” Xiao was quoted as saying.
Xiao then made a chat forum where she included the other girlfriends. She learned that Yuan already has a child with one of them, Wang Fang. “What can I do now? I don't love him anymore, but I do love my son,” shared Wang.
Meanwhile, another girlfriend, Xiao Ting, was devastated as she believed that Yuan was her “Mr. Right.” She was already planning for their wedding at the time of the accident.
But the most shocking revelation was that Yuan had been supported financially by some of his girlfriends–one of whom doing so for the last nine years. It turned out the 17 girlfriends weren't all for show. His M.O. was simple but very effective: He contacts a girl online, gains her trust, then borrows cash from her. It's estimated that he swindled thousands of money from the women.
Continue reading below ↓
Further investigation also revealed that Yuan had presented fabricated school documents to an engineering firm to gain employment. A separate report states that he'll be facing fraud charges for his actions.
But the real question here is which consequence should he be afraid of: jail time or the wrath of 17 scorned women?
Search engine firm, which made global profits of £6.2bn in 2012, says it pays bulk of its tax where business originated – the US
Google is back in the firing line over its tax affairs after the giant internet firm revealed it paid only £11.6m to the Treasury last year, despite generating $5.5bn (£3.4bn) of business in the UK.
Margaret Hodge, the chairwoman of the Commons public accounts committee who earlier this year accused Google of breaking its company motto of "don't be evil" said it had once again shown contempt for its customers and UK taxpayers.
Google's complex tax arrangements, under which sales are booked in Ireland but revenues funnelled to a subsidiary in the tax haven of Bermuda, help the group pay minimal tax on the billions it earns outside the US.
Google UK said in its latest accounts that it earned pre-tax profits of £37m on a turnover of £506m. But the company's most recent annual report revealed that the UK accounted for 11% of its global revenues, worth $55bn in 2012.
The disparity is achieved because the company books its sales in Ireland – although this does not generate a significant revenue boost for Dublin: the internet search company's accounts show that last year it paid €19m (£15.9m) tax to the Irish exchequer despite the Irish subsidiary handling the €15.5bn of revenues generated last year in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
MPs have criticised Google for designating Ireland as its official sales base and branded the company's tax structure "deeply unconvincing".
The influential public accounts committee concluded that Google's Irish employees simply processed the bills, after hearing evidence from a former employee turned whistleblower who lifted the lid on what he described as Google's "immoral" tax schemes. Hodge said yesterday that Google had once again "demonstrated contempt for its customers and for the UK taxpayer who supports its business in all sorts of ways".
She added that the company "continues to use highly contrived arrangements to avoid paying its fair share of corporation tax in this country, and it continues to be allowed to get away with it".
The MP accused the government and HM Revenue & Customs of failing to crack down on tax avoidance despite repeated pledges. "It's not good enough to say this is a global problem and we're dealing with it on the world stage. HMRC has got to get its own act together and start properly challenging the tax arrangements of these big multinational companies."
A spokesman for Google said it was only right that the majority of its tax should be paid in the US, and argued the company made a significant contribution to the UK through investment and jobs. "Like most multinationals, we pay the bulk of our £1.2bn corporate tax bill where our business originated, in our case the US."
But the company's accounts filed in Dublin reveal the phenomenal growth of Google's advertising revenues across Europe, with turnover more than doubling from €6.7bn in the last five years. Last year's figure of €15.5bn was up €3bn from 2011. The accounts also show a sharp jump in profits from about €20m to €152m between 2011 and 2012 after four years of profits remaining in double figures.
While this is significantly up year on year, Google slashed its tax exposure by charging €10.9bn in "administrative expenses", reducing a gross profit of €11bn to its operating profit of €152m.
The "administrative expenses" charge includes a royalty fee that the Google parent group charges its European operation for use of its brand. For the first time the company explained that this is calculated in direct relation to the company's turn­over. The amount of royalties payable is always slightly below the amount that the company makes in gross profit.
In its most explicit explanation of the structure of royalties yet, a note on page 3 of Google Ireland's accounts says that the 2012 administrative expense is partly because of "an increase in the royalties paid as a result of a net increase in the turnover and operated expenses on which the royalty is based".
Google said its increased turnover was "from an increase in the number of paid clicks through Google's advertising programme and, to a lesser extent, an increase in the average cost-per-click paid by its advertisers".
photo: Bloomberg
The Southeast corner of Division and Honore used to be the location of the Miller Lumber site. But Miller Lumber was sold and demolished to make way for a residential building with 2 restaurants initially being planned by Smithfield LLC (the project's developer) and Lettuce Entertain You.
Those plans never came to fruition and the Smithfield construction site has been in flux for almost 2 years. Crain's Chicago Business, is reporting that Trader Joe's is now planning to open its 6th store at 1815 W. Division Street and is currently working to overcome some of the hurdles of opening a grocery store in this location. First, if Trader Joe's plans on selling beer and wine, a liquor moratorium which runs on the south side of Division Street from Wood to Hoyne will need to be lifted by Alderman Moreno. State law also restricts the sale of alcohol near schools. LaSalle II Magnet Elementary School is just west of the Smithfield site.
The lease is not yet finalized and additional plans, like parking - and possibly rezoning- need to be addressed in such a dense area. So the deal isn't close to being done (sorry). But Trader Joe's is definitely working to investigate the potential of a store in Wicker Park.
Trader Joe's Plans Store in Wicker Park [Crain's Chicago Business]
London (CNN) The UK and the European Union reached a significant milestone in their pursuit of a Brexit deal on Friday, breaking a deadlock that allows talks to move on to a crucial second phase.
After a dramatic night of shuttle diplomacy that capped months of tortuous negotiations, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and British Prime Minister Theresa May announced the breakthrough at an early morning press conference in Brussels.
Crucially, the two sides reached a deal on the historically sensitive issue of the Irish border, which had threatened to derail the talks as they reached a critical moment earlier this week. Discussions can now move on to the potentially tougher issue of a future trading relationship between the UK and the EU.
The breakthrough represents a significant coup for May, whose beleaguered premiership had appeared under threat as talks faltered. It was also a relief for EU negotiators, who feared a complete breakdown in talks if a deal was not done.
"Getting to this point required give and take on both sides," May said. "And I believe the joint report that is being published is in the best interest of the whole of the UK."
What has been agreed?
Agreement has now been reached on three key issues: Britain's Brexit "divorce" bill, the rights of EU citizens in the UK after Brexit, and the Irish border. When Brexit negotiations began just under six months ago, the EU was clear on its position: It would not countenance any discussion about a future trading relationship with Britain until "sufficient progress" had been made on those three issues.
Irish border: The Irish question proved the toughest to resolve. The demilitarization of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland was a key element of the Good Friday Agreement, the 1998 deal that ended years of sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland. Now, the border posts are gone and people can move freely around the island of Ireland.
But Brexit raised the prospect of a return to a "hard" border, as Northern Ireland would leave the EU while the Republic of Ireland remained in the bloc.
Traffic crosses the border into Northern Ireland from the Irish Republic near Dundalk.
Complicating the issue, May's minority government depends on the support of on a small group of 10 MPs from Northern Ireland, members of the hardline Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). They were adamantly opposed to any suggestion that, to avoid a hard border, Northern Ireland could retain laws and regulations that were more aligned to the EU than the rest of the UK.
The DUP vetoed the text of an earlier deal on Monday, just as May was having lunch with Juncker in Brussels to finalize it. She was forced to return to London as negotiators spent the rest of the week hammering out a solution acceptable to the DUP, the Irish government and the EU.
The language of the deal announced on Friday remains ambiguous. It says: "In the absence of agreed solutions, the UK will maintain full alignment with those rules of the internal market and the customs union which, now or in the future, support North-South cooperation, the all-island economy and the protection of the 1998 agreement."
That's a backstop. It means that, in the next stage of talks, the UK must come up with solutions that avoid a hard border, otherwise the UK will have to remain tied to EU rules even after Brexit. That scenario would enrage the ardent Brexiteers in May's Conservative Party.
Divorce bill: Friday's agreement says the UK would be required to continue making contributions to the EU budget up to the end of 2020 "as if it had remained in the union". The report adds that the UK will remain liable for its outstanding financial commitments and liabilities up to December 3, 2020.
A spokesman for the UK government put the estimated net cost of the divorce bill at between £35 billion and £39 billion ($47 billion and $52 billion) adding that this estimation "represents a fair settlement of our obligations."
Rights of EU citizens after Brexit: EU citizens living in the UK and vice versa will have their rights to live, work and study protected. British courts will enforce the rights but, in a concession to Europe, the UK has agreed that difficult cases can be referred to the European Court of Justice for eight years after Brexit.
Late-night drama
Discussions stretched into the early hours of Monday morning. When it was clear that a deal was done, May and her chief Brexit negotiator David Davis dashed to Brussels for a breakfast meeting with Juncker and other officials.
Speaking alongside Juncker in the Belgian capital, May said the agreement was "fair to the British taxpayer" and resolved the outstanding issues of the Irish border. In Northern Ireland we will guarantee there will be no hard border, and we will uphold the (Good Friday Agreement)."
"No barrier north-south or east-west," she said.
Juncker said: "Sufficient progress has now been made on the three terms of the divorce." Negotiations for the UK to leave the EU can now proceed to the next stage, he added.
If agreement had not been reached on Friday it would have been impossible to prepare for its ratification at a summit of EU leaders on December 14 and 15, he said. "We had to make the deal today."
Reaction
The leader of the DUP, Arlene Foster, claimed she had secured "substantial changes" to the text she rejected on Monday, adding she was "pleased" to see changes which mean there is "no red line down the Irish Sea".
In a statement, the DUP said it had won clear that commitments from the Conservatives that "Northern Ireland will leave the single market and the customs union along with the rest of the United Kingdom."
JUST WATCHED Brexit showdown bringing uncertainty to UK Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Brexit showdown bringing uncertainty to UK 01:48
Ireland's Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said that the UK had guaranteed there would be no hard border and that the 1998 Good Friday Agreement had been fully protected. "It's a very significant day for the island of Ireland," he said.
Varadkar added that the common travel area, the arrangement that allows citizens to travel freely between Britain and Ireland, would remain in place and that Irish and British citizens would continue to enjoy the same rights after Brexit as they do now.
In London, the reaction from May's colleagues was mostly positive. UK environment secretary Michael Gove, one of the leading figures in the Leave camp during the Brexit referendum, said: "I think it's important to recognize this is a significant personal political achievement for the Prime Minister."
"She got a deal in the interests of the whole of the UK, so the integrity of the UK is absolute and paramount," he told BBC Radio 4's Today program.
But former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, who has long championed Brexit, criticized May over the deal, claiming the country could now "move on to the next stage of humiliation."
Donald Tusk, President of the European Council, warned that the next stage of negotiations would be even tougher. ''Breaking up is hard, but breaking up and building new relations is much harder," he said.
Weird and Wonderful
A selection of some of the oddities, quirky tales, curious stories, wonderful individuals and bizarre events from Irish life.
Television has been recording Irish life since 1961. Cameras have been there to bring us events of state, sporting highs and lows, breaking news, and the politics of the day.
But alongside these big issues reporters and crews also captured some of the more unusual aspects of life in Ireland. Presented here are some of the weird and wonderful stories that television has encountered.
Tom Hayes who was buried alive, a UFO in Mullinahone, travelling by steamroller from Longford to Dublin, a seventh son of a seventh son, hunting for monsters in Connemara, a magician priest in Achill, finding the centre of Ireland, eating horse meat in Phibsboro, a beer and stretcher race, a fairy tree, opera singing dogs, and a Ballinasloe invention for the lollipop man are just some of the quirky themes recorded.
Whether you find these stories weird, bizarre, outlandish, odd or strange we hope they bring a smile to your face.
Date a girl who runs. Date a girl who chooses to move than to let the world pass her by. She will cover the roads with you while talking about the mundane to the profound without gasping for air. She will notice and appreciate the little things: the extra cushioning of her shoes, the softness of the pavement vs concrete, or how much cooler it is to run 30 minutes earlier in summer.
Take her to a race and be there with her 30 minutes before gun start. You will watch her fret over her gels, and her hydration, and the portalets. You will laugh because she gives so much importance to running as if it was her entire life. But, you will learn later on that it only shows how passionate she can be about what is important for her.
Hold her jittery hands before you enter the assembly area. She will hope to break her PR at the half marathon, but do not wish her luck; she won't need it after all the speed work and tempo runs. Instead, show her a reassuring smile that she'll be fine and that you'll be proud of her whether she finishes first or 50th. Let her know that you'll be waiting at the finish line—or at least you'll show up there in case she finishes several minutes before you do.
If you find a girl who runs, never let her go; register for a marathon and train together. Be her best friend on the road. When she talks, listen to the joys of her first 5k, the pains of her recurring Plantar Fasciitis, and the 1,001 reasons why she loves to run while pretending that you can keep up with her “easy” pace. In between stories, allow her to take a sip from your water bottle or remind her when it's time to take a gel. Watch her glow when she talks about running; she is in her element. She is running by your side.
She is the happiest on Sundays, the day when she can run long with you. She loves to sweat, and the sore legs, and, of course, the hefty breakfast along with the good conversations that follow each run. Always have a cold, wet towel in the cooler waiting for her. Surprise her with her favorite post-recovery drink, low fat chocolate milk, and if she runs an extra 5km, spike it with her favorite coffee from Starbucks. In her simple joys, you will find an abundance of happiness.
Propose after your first marathon abroad. Or drop the ring in her hydration bottle. Or run the trails together and end with a proposal at sunset.
When you marry a girl who runs, the only time you will see her slow down is when she walks down the aisle towards you. She'll be a picture of beauty and strength in a gown with her running shoes upon her feet and all you will be able to think of is the thousands of kilometers you will run together. You will find the best running partner in her. You will talk about the household, career, and finances during your long runs. You will fight during your hill training and make up during easy runs.
She will never force your children to run, but they will learn to love it when they see her passion for running. She will make living a healthy, active life easy, natural, and best of all, fun. Expect a lot of laughter, sweat, and sports beans. Running will not be a sport, but it will be a way of life for you and your children. You will never run alone.
Love a girl who runs and she will love you back the same way she loves running. You will ask her why she loves running and she'll answer: Because I can. You will ask her why she loves you and she'll reply: Because I do.
NOTE: I wrote this after I chanced upon Jayvee Fernandez' blogpost Date a Girl Who Blogs. Jayvee was inspired by Date a Girl Who Reads.
233 shares Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Reddit
Yummly
How to find, identify, grow, and cook Chicken of the Woods mushrooms.
Recently, while running errands, we happened to drive by one of our trusty chicken of the woods mushroom spots that has produced huge mushrooms at the same time each of the past 5+ summers.
Bingo! Peering at us from the base of a large, dying oak tree was another giant orange chicken of the woods.
In case you've never heard of it, Chicken of the Woods is a large, incredibly tasty gourmet mushroom that has the same taste and texture as chicken.
Yes, seriously!
Sure, there are a bunch of unusual or exotic meats that people say “taste like chicken,” but there aren't a lot of mushrooms that fall into that category.
Just so you know we're not full of it, we conducted a little experiment… Last summer, we served some breaded, fried Chicken of the Woods “chicken fingers” to a few friends and asked them to guess what they were eating.
Drum roll… they all thought they were eating really good chicken fingers—from a bird, not a mushroom. When we told them they were eating mushrooms, they couldn't believe it.
We had to pull out our phone to show them pictures and descriptions to prove the point. (Our “chicken fingers” chicken of the woods recipe is below.)
So, next time someone tells you that they “don't like mushrooms,” ask them if they like chicken. If they say “yes,” then there is at least one mushroom out there that they'll probably like.
Multiple subspecies of chicken of the woods mushrooms
Before we get any further, a quick warning: you should never, ever eat a wild mushroom or plant unless you are 100% certain you've identified it correctly. There are plenty of mushrooms and plants that will kill you or make you very sick, and no meal is worth dying for. With that out of the way, let's talk about how you can identify chicken of the woods mushrooms… Chicken of the woods subspecies: According to mycologist Tom Volk, there are at least six different subspecies of mushrooms that can be found under the common name “Chicken of the Woods.” These subspecies can be identified based upon: pore color (yellow, white, salmon) position on tree (on standing tree/log or emerging from the soil) growth form (overlapping shelves or rosettes) geographical location (West Coast, East of Great Plains, etc) tree species (oak, eucalyptus, etc) ALL varieties of Chicken of the Woods are edible and taste great, but some are better-tasting than others. Luckily, our trusty spot about one mile from our home is a good producer of Laetiporus cincinnatus, a chicken variety that is considered by many to have the best flavor and texture of them all – or at least be a tie with Laetiporus sulphureus. How to identify chicken of the woods mushrooms: a 4-step checklist While chicken of the woods is a relatively easy mushroom to identify, be mindful that you should always exercise extreme discretion when you're new to foraging wild foods, mushrooms included. As mentioned above, there are plenty of poisonous mushroom varieties. Here are four steps to identify a chicken of the woods mushroom: 1. Time of year Like plants, mushrooms fruit in specific seasons. Chicken of the woods mushrooms only fruit in the summer. In some areas they'll also fruit into early fall.
2. Tree type & growing area
Chicken of the woods usually grow on oak trees, but we've also seen them on cherry, beech, and other hardwoods. Apparently, there are some chicken species that can grow on eucalyptus and cedar. It's not advisable to eat chickens growing on this type of wood since the fungi uptake compounds from those tree species that could cause you GI distress. You'll always find chicken of the woods growing on trees, stumps, or roots of dead or dying trees. Some species grow out of the above-ground portions of the trees, and some grow out of the base or roots. You'll never find chicken of the woods out in an open field or growing on anything that is not a dead or dying tree.
3. Cap & Stem Characteristics
Regardless of the subspecies, chicken of the woods are always varying shades of orange/peach on the top (often streaked), and either light yellow or white on the underside/pore surface.
Chicken of the woods does NOT have gills on the underside; instead they have tiny pores, where the spores are released.
Unlike the familiar stem + cap mushroom shape that we're all used to, chicken of woods mushrooms do NOT have stems. Instead, they either form large composite brackets or individual shelves.
4. Spore print
Chicken of the woods has a white spore print. To take a spore print, place one of the mushroom brackets pore-side-down on a glass surface or plate. After a few hours, enough spores will have been released to see their color.
Chicken of the woods nutrition profile
Like chicken (the bird), chicken of the woods mushrooms are also very high in protein. According to this source, the macronutrient breakdown of 1 serving (100 g) of Laetiporus cincinnatus is: 14g Protein
6g Carbs (3 of which consist of dietary fiber)
1g Fat (monounsaturated) This means chicken of the woods (and other mushrooms) can serve as an awesome protein source for anyone looking for a vegetarian protein alternative.
Although each variety of mushroom has a unique nutrient profile, the NYT points out that mushrooms in general:
“contain a modest amount of fiber and over a dozen minerals and vitamins, including copper, potassium, magnesium, zinc and a number of B vitamins such as folate. Mushrooms are also high in antioxidants like selenium and glutathione, or GSH, substances believed to protect cells from damage and reduce chronic disease and inflammation.
Some studies suggest mushrooms are the richest dietary source of another antioxidant called ergothioneine, or ERGO, which is also present in large amounts in red beans, oat bran and liver. ERGO and other antioxidants are primarily concentrated in the caps, not the stems.”
How to Grow Your Own Chicken of the Wood Mushrooms As we've written about here — chicken of the woods is one of six easy-to-grow gourmet mushrooms that we recommend people grow at home in their own “mushroom gardens.” Here's how to grow your own chicken of the woods mushrooms: 1. Plan ahead. First, plan ahead. Do you have access to freshly cut hardwood logs or a newly cut hardwood tree stump? You'll want to use wood that's either just been felled or hasn't been dead for more than a couple of months. The longer a log sits, the more that other fungal spores will have landed on it and begun to colonize it, which means more competition for your chicken of the woods. 2. Get tools. Here are all the tools you'll need to inoculate your logs with chicken of the woods spawn: a multi-purpose 5/16″ drill bit to drill holes;
beeswax or cheese wax to plug the holes once you've put spawn in (canning wax isn't ideal because it becomes really brittle and can fall off);
a hammer to tap the spawn dowels into place; 3. Order spawn. You can buy chicken of the woods spawn plugs here. See instructions on Amazon to determine how many spawn plugs you need to buy based on the amount of wood/logs you have. 4. Inoculate your logs. Drill holes, insert spawn plugs, then cover each finished hole with melted wax. Just melt on the stove in a cheap aluminum pie tin using a paint brush. You don't want to inoculate during the middle of freezing temps. Ideally, you still have at least a month ahead with no freezing temps on the forecast to ensure your chicken of the woods gets a nice jump start. 5. Position your logs and wait. Put your finished logs outdoors into a full shade spot and wait. If you don't get rain once per week during the warm months, water your logs with a sprayer to keep the chicken of the woods mycelium happy and growing. How long does it take chicken of the woods logs to make mushrooms? It may take 6 months or more for the first fruiting, depending on what month you started your logs (chicken of the woods won't fruit until summer). After that, you should get mushrooms each summer for 3-5 years depending on how large your logs are. Once the mushroom runs out of food (lignin in the wood), they're done. 6. Harvest. When you see small chicken of the woods mushrooms starting to fruit on your logs, prop the logs upright against a railing, wall or other structure. This allows them to grow larger unimpeded, and also keeps them from growing into the dirt. It's important that you keep the logs shaded and well-watered while they're fruiting to ensure the largest, softest chicken of the woods mushrooms possible. It's up to you to determine when to cut them off of the log. We recommend not waiting more than a week. It's a balance between size and tenderness. How much are chicken of the woods mushrooms worth? How much do they cost? Thinking about selling some of your chicken? Chefs/restaurants will buy gourmet mushrooms for anywhere between $12 – $25 per pound (or higher for unique species). Chickens fetch the higher end of that range, around $20 per pound. If you happen to find them selling at a retail grocery store/co-op, you can probably expect to pay $25/lb or higher. How to cook and eat chicken of the woods mushrooms Now that you've got your chicken of the woods mushrooms, it's time to eat! Our favorite way to eat chicken of the woods is to lightly fry them into chicken fingers (see recipe below), then dip them in homemade honey mustard. They're also excellent as a chicken substitute in Asian stir-fry, chicken parmesan, or any recipe that calls for chicken. Chicken of the woods remains firm and surprisingly meat-like when cooking so no substitution or math required. If a recipe calls for 1 cup of actual chicken, simply use 1 cup of chicken of the woods instead. Can you eat chicken of the woods raw? As mushroom expert Paul Stamets details, it's not a good idea to eat any mushroom raw. For starters, cooking mushrooms breaks down their cell walls, making their nutrients available and also making the mushroom more easily digestible. Cooking also kills any potential pathogens and breaks down heat-sensitive toxins in the mushroom. Can you be allergic to chicken of the woods mushrooms? Yes. People can be allergic to virtually anything, including chicken of the woods mushrooms. The first time you eat chicken of the woods or any new food, only eat a small amount before going all-in… And make sure you cook it first! How long will chicken of the woods last? We've had chicken of the woods last for over 3 weeks in ziplock bags in our refrigerator's veggie drawer. Can you freeze chicken of the woods? If you find them growing under perfect conditions on a large tree or log, you can harvest huge quantities of chicken of the woods. If you have more than you can possibly eat or store in the fridge, chop your chicken into pieces that will fit in freezer bags, then stick them into the freezer. They freeze quite well and doesn't seem to have their flavor or texture significantly impacted in the process. You can also dehydrate chicken of the woods, but we recommend freezing as the best long-term storage method to preserve the best flavor and texture. Our favorite chicken of the woods recipe… Print "Chicken" Fingers using Chicken of the Woods (Laetiporus cincinnatus)
Ingredients 1 cup flour organic all purpose for frying mix + 1/2 cup for "dredging" your mushrooms explained in instructions
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon fine ground sea salt
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika + 1/2 teaspoon regular paprika
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
dash of chili powder
dash of fresh ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon mustard powder
1 large egg we use duck eggs
1/3 cup milk we use organic whole or raw milk
enough organic sunflower oil or other frying oil to cover your mushrooms in whatever pan you're using we use a flat-bottomed wok
1/2-1 lb Chicken of the Woods cut into desired sized chuncks Instructions Chop mushrooms into the desirable sized chunks. We quarter or half them. Put 1/2 cup of flour in a medium sized bowl. This is your "dredging" bowl. You'll want to get a light dusting of flower on the entire outer surface of each mushroom before you dip in the milk/egg mixture. Add your egg and milk into another mixing bowl, and whisk together. You'll dip your dredged mushrooms into your egg/milk mixture before placing them in your frying mix. Prepare your frying mix by putting all dry ingredients (flour, spices, etc) into a large bowl. Whisk them together until evenly blended. Once your mushrooms have been: 1) dredged, and 2) dipped in your egg/milk mixture, you'll drop them into the big bowl of dry ingredients and cover them evenly. Once uniformly covered with fry mix, shake off any extra fry mix. We like to place them on a drying rack on top of a cookie sheet until we're ready to put them in the fryer (you can just use a plate if you'd prefer). Heat your cooking oil. Our stove top doesn't cook particularly hot or cold, so we put it on about 4.5. You'll know your oil is hot enough when you drop a bit of flour in and it starts sizzling. Go ahead and get a drying/cooling sheet ready before you start frying your mushrooms. We like to use a cookie sheet with a drying rack on top. On top of the drying rack, we put down paper towels to soak up any extra oil. Next start frying your mushrooms to golden-brown and crispy perfection. It should only take about 4-5 minutes to cook each mushroom if the oil is in the ideal temperature range. Allow them to cool for a few minutes, then serve with your favorite chicken finger dip! Our favorites include homemade Honey Mustard (made from honey from our neighbor's bees) or a rich BBQ sauce. Happy growing, happy foraging, and happy eating! KIGI,
233 shares Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Reddit
Yummly
Please be sure to subscribe to Tyrant Farms to see what's in-season out in nature, have fresh seasonal recipes delivered to your inbox and get helpful organic/permaculture gardening & duck keeping tips.
Affiliate Disclosure: From time to time we may provide purchase links to products that are affiliate links to high quality products and providers. If you click on the links and purchase a product, we wanted to let you know that we'll get a small commission from the sale (it's like leaving us a tip for writing this article!). Please know that we'll never put in affiliate links to low-quality, untrustworthy items or providers. Often, we've independently bought and used the products ourselves, so we know firsthand that they're good & they're Tyrant Approved! :)
TEHRAN, Iran — Dozens of Iranian hard-liners rallied on Tuesday against the framework deal struck last week between Iran and six world powers on curbing Tehran's nuclear program, the official IRNA news agency reported.The rally coincided with a closed session of parliament during which Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, who led Iran's negotiating team in the intense talks in Switzerland, appeared before lawmakers to explain the framework agreement.The gathering of about 200 hard-liners took place in front of the parliament in the Iranian capital without permission by authorities, IRNA reported.Protesters carried banners calling the agreement a "defeat" — despite the establishment's overwhelming backing of the deal, including by President Hassan Rouhani.The deal, which is to be finalized by June 30, is to curb Iran's bomb-capable technology while giving Tehran quick access to bank accounts, oil markets and financial assets blocked by international sanctions.The West has long suspected Iran's nuclear program is geared for weapons-making, a charge Tehran denies, insisting it's only for peaceful purposes like power generation and cancer treatment.Since the agreement was announced last Thursday in Lausanne, Switzerland, Iranian hard-liners have also claimed it will provide international monitors from the UN nuclear watchdog agency — the International Atomic Energy Agency — access to Iranian military sites, though that has not been part of the framework.Iran's deputy foreign minister, Hassan Qashqavi, said Tuesday's parliament session "useful" and urged lawmakers to support Zarif and his team of negotiators ahead of further talks in finalizing the agreement.Another lawmaker, Behrouz Nemati said the "majority of lawmakers were satisfied" with Zarif's report.
David L. Knellinger will go to trial this month in Virginia because the government says his computer's hard drive contains pornographic pictures of children. There are two basic defenses to that incendiary charge. One is to raise questions about how the pictures got there. The other is to argue that what appear to be real children are actually just images generated by computers.
Proving either defense requires a thorough analysis of the computer's hard drive by forensic experts. But a new law makes it much harder for those experts to do their work.
In Mr. Knellinger's case, prosecutors initially agreed to provide his defense team with a copy of his hard drive so they could prepare for trial. That was on July 26, 2006.
The next day, President Bush signed the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act, named after the murdered son of John Walsh, the host of ''America's Most Wanted.'' The law contains an extraordinary provision.
It says that child pornography is so toxic it must be kept in a secure government facility. Defense experts may examine it there, the law says, but they cannot make copies.
Child pornography is contraband, the law says, like guns or drugs. Because ''every instance of viewing images of child pornography represents a renewed violation of the privacy of the victims and a repetition of their abuse,'' Congress found, the images ''should not be distributed to, or copied by, child pornography defendants or their attorneys.''
Citing the new law, the prosecutors in Mr. Knellinger's case withdrew their proposal to turn over the evidence against him. They offered instead to allow Mr. Knellinger's defense team to inspect his computer's hard drive at the Federal Bureau of Investigation's offices in Richmond, Va.
In cases around the country, defendants have attacked the law, saying it violates their rights to due process and a fair trial. They also say that it does not, even on its own terms, make much sense.
''If you were to follow the logic of it,'' said Ian N. Friedman, one of Mr. Knellinger's lawyers, ''you should not be able to present the evidence to 12 jurors.''
In September, Judge Linda R. Reade of Federal District Court in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, upheld the restrictions in the law. ''Congress adopted a reasonable measure to ensure that the child pornography used in criminal trials does not escape into the public domain,'' Judge Reade wrote.
Her decision was brief and tentative, though, and it did not seriously engage some of the main objections to the law.
The law creates, for starters, an uneven playing field. The prosecution has unlimited access to the evidence. The defense must make an appointment.
The law also prejudges the crucial question in the case. The images are presumed to be child pornography before any court has said they are.
For a defense lawyer, having to work at the F.B.I. office is cumbersome and impractical, and it may endanger the lawyer-client privilege and leave a road map to defense strategies. It certainly makes the task of examining the hard drive much more expensive.
One forensic expert in the Knellinger cases said his fee would rise to $540,000 from $135,000 because it is so much more difficult to work away from his office. The cost of transporting his machinery, which fills a truck and takes three people a week to move, would be extra.
In January, the judge in the Knellinger case, Robert E. Payne of Federal District Court in Richmond, stopped just short of striking down the law. Instead, using a little legal jujitsu, he turned it inside out.
The law requires prosecutors to provide the defense team with an ''ample opportunity for inspection, viewing and examination at a government facility.'' But Judge Payne ruled that the burden of working at a government facility itself deprived Mr. Knellinger's lawyers and experts of an ample opportunity to prepare his defense.
The only solution, he said, was to order the government to turn over a copy of the hard drive. Mr. Knellinger's experts have now examined it, though Mr. Friedman would not say what their analysis yielded or what defenses his client would rely on at trial. Judge Payne's order added, perhaps in response to Judge Reade's concern that allowing defendants ready access to the evidence against them might allow child pornography to ''escape into the public domain,'' that only Mr. Knellinger's lawyers and experts could have access to the copied hard drive. He said he would punish any unauthorized distribution or publication.
Mr. Knellinger faces a maximum sentence of 140 years, which is not bad when you consider an Arizona man named Morton R. Berger. In February, the United States Supreme Court let stand Mr. Berger's 200-year sentence for possessing 20 pornographic images of children. Mr. Berger was a married 52-year-old high school teacher with no criminal record when he was arrested.
Child pornography is, of course, unspeakably disturbing and repulsive. But if the stakes in combating it are to include three-digit prison sentences, there is reason to be skeptical about laws that revise the usual procedures and presumptions. Indeed, one way society can show that it is deadly serious about a crime is to allow those accused of it the best defense possible.
Drawing (Drawing by Harry Campbell)
A lot of time in code is spent comparing memory, particularly when operating on streams. Memory is compared, and most frequently, it is not a match.
This led me into curious territory when memcmp() became a serious bottleneck in my data recovery code. I had written a program which opens a device such as /dev/rdisk0, reads it in chunks of a few MB's each, and then, in simplified terms, it would memcmp() the start of filesystem blocks against a known list of file headers to find out where a file started.
This worked fine for a while until it was requested that I add a ‘forensics mode' to the software. There, instead of searching every start of a block on a hard disk for a file header, it was to search for files embedded inside other files. Every single byte on the drive would have to be memcmp()'d against the list of file signatures for a file header.
After finding the code running extremely slowly by this addition I began to seek ways to speed it up. To my surprise, I found out that using my own modified version of memcmp() made the program dramatically faster.
Due to the fact that this was during the era of OS X version 10.3, I assumed that more optimized versions of the standard library were still yet to come due to the nascent state of the operating system, and left it at that.
To my surprise, revisiting this problem now in 2017, around a decade later, I find my version of the memory comparison routine to still be a lot faster, given the following conditions:
The two values are not aligned on a 4 byte or 8 byte boundaries:
When comparing 4 bytes or 8 bytes, the native memcmp() will be faster than this replacement. I would assume that most of the time when memcmp() is used it's not on 32-bit or 64-bit boundaries, when instead you can just typecast the values as ints or long longs and compare them as numbers.
When comparing 4 bytes or 8 bytes, the native memcmp() will be faster than this replacement. I would assume that most of the time when memcmp() is used it's not on 32-bit or 64-bit boundaries, when instead you can just typecast the values as ints or long longs and compare them as numbers. The two values being compared are not equal:
If the two values are equal, again, the native memcmp() will be faster. It is a reasonable assumption that most of the time when memcmp() executes the two values will not be equal. For example, it may be searching through a stream for a jpeg header for the bytes “FFD8FF”. It'll be comparing billions of bytes against “FFD8FF” looking for a header, so more than 99% of the time the result of the comparison will unequal.
The memcmp() replacement is extremely simple. Just take the two values cmp1 and cmp2 that need comparing, typecast them to a long, and, if they are different, return the result of cmp1 – cmp2. Like this:
long mycmp ( const unsigned char *cmp1, const unsigned char *cmp2, unsigned long length) { if (length >= 4 ) { long difference = *( unsigned long *)cmp1 - *( unsigned long *)cmp2; if (difference) return difference; } return memcmp(cmp1,cmp2,length); }
As stated previously, this method is only faster if cmp1 and cmp2 are not equal. If they are equal this will be slower. So this is a very practical approach to speeding things up, and it is based upon the assumption that the majority of the times memcmp()'s result will not be equal. If the first 4 bytes are equal, it simply return's memcmp()'s result as it is unable to compete with the speed of the native memcmp() in that case.
Here is some code for running a simple test to get a sense of the speed difference it can make. I also put it on github for easy access.
#include <stdio.h> #include <time.h> int mycmp ( const unsigned char *cmp1, const unsigned char *cmp2, unsigned int length); int main ( int argc, const char * argv[]) { long i; clock_t begin; double time_spent; /* Test the native memcmp() speed by running a simple non-matching comparison a billion times, which takes a few seconds */ begin = clock(); for (i = 0 ; i < 1000000000 ; i++) { if (!memcmp( "111111" , "222222" , 6 )) printf( "Found it
" ); } time_spent = ( double )(clock() - begin) / CLOCKS_PER_SEC; printf( "Native memcmp:\t\t%f
" ,time_spent); /* Test the modified memcmp() speed */ begin = clock(); for (i = 0 ; i < 1000000000 ; i++) { if (!mycmp( "111111" , "222222" , 6 )) printf( "Found it
" ); } time_spent = ( double )(clock() - begin) / CLOCKS_PER_SEC; printf( "Modified memcmp:\t%f
" ,time_spent); return 0 ; } /* The modified memcmp. It simply typecasts the values to int's and return the difference if the first four bytes are different and otherwise returns the native memcmp()'s return value */ int mycmp ( const unsigned char *cmp1, const unsigned char *cmp2, unsigned int length) { if (length >= 4 ) { int difference = *( int *)cmp1 - *( int *)cmp2; if (difference) return difference; } return memcmp(cmp1,cmp2,length); }
And the output:
Native memcmp: 3.910372
Modified memcmp: 2.955118
Which is 35% faster for the modified memcmp(). Given that in my use case this directly addressed the bottleneck, it resulted in an instantaneous ~35% increase in the speed of the data recovery software.
What makes this possible is the recent advancement in Intel CPU's whereby accessing unaligned data has no performance penalty at all. Comparing two 4-byte int's is faster than comparing two single-byte chars, and it takes fewer CPU cycles to do it.
Considering that memory comparison is one of the 5 or so basic instructions in a CPU's instruction set, it still strikes me as strange that the standard standard library implementation of it would not be faster than a simple customized version.
Follow @BenedictSlaney
The Justice Department has decided to file suit against Arizona on the grounds that the state's new immigration law illegally intrudes on federal prerogatives, law enforcement sources said Monday.
The lawsuit, which three sources said could be filed as early as Tuesday, will invoke for its main argument the legal doctrine of "preemption," which is based on the Constitution's supremacy clause and says that federal law trumps state statutes. Justice Department officials believe that enforcing immigration laws is a federal responsibility, the sources said.
A federal lawsuit will dramatically escalate the legal and political battle over the Arizona law, which gives police the power to question anyone if they have a "reasonable suspicion" that the person is an illegal immigrant. The measure has drawn words of condemnation from President Obama and Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. and opposition from civil rights groups. It also has prompted at least five other lawsuits. Arizona officials have urged the Obama administration not to sue.
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton first revealed last month that the Justice Department intended to sue Arizona, and department lawyers have been preparing their case, said the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the government has not announced its plans. The filing is expected to include declarations from other U.S. agencies saying that the Arizona law would place a undue burden on their ability to enforce immigration laws nationwide, because Arizona police are expected to refer so many illegal immigrants to federal authorities.
The preemption doctrine has been established in Supreme Court decisions, and some legal experts have said such a federal argument likely would persuade a judge to declare the law unconstitutional.
But lawyers who helped draft the Arizona legislation have expressed doubt that a preemption argument would prevail. The law, signed by Gov. Jan Brewer (R) in April, is scheduled to take effect later this month.
Jerramy Stevens reportedly decried the recent scrutiny surrounding Hope Solo as a "witch hunt" as he launched an impassioned defense of his wife on Saturday.
"It is a witch hunt, you can put that in the paper," Stevens told USA Today.
Solo has found herself placed in the spotlight for much of this week after a report by "Outside the Lines" last weekend revealed new details about a domestic incident that took place last year.
Article continues below ...
The report prompted a public admonishment of her conduct and the subsequent investigation launched by U.S. Soccer from Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., on Thursday.
Stevens rejected the recent criticism of Solo in the interview with USA Today on Saturday and reinforced his belief in his wife and her innocence.
"It's not hard for me because I know Hope can handle it," Stevens told USA Today in Winnipeg. "I think that what's hard is that she's the victim of something that was really scary and a really unfortunate incident. (Her) being classified even remotely close to Ray Rice and these other domestic violence incidents is ridiculous and outright wrong. That part is difficult. But Hope is the strongest person that I've ever known. She'll be all right."
Solo has retained her place in the U.S. squad for this World Cup despite the increased clamor over the domestic incident last year and a 30-day suspension she served earlier this year for unauthorized use of a team vehicle during a training camp earlier this year.
The 33-year-old — widely regarded as the best goalkeeper in the world — started in both the 3-1 victory over Australia on Monday and the 0-0 draw with Sweden on Friday. Her performance in the World Cup opener against Australia included two top-drawer saves in the early stages.
Stevens said he believes the ongoing debate about her place in the team will not affect her performances as the tournament progresses.
"I feel she'll continue to (play well)," Stevens said. "She doesn't need to defend herself. She's in the right. I think that gives her strength because she doesn't feel like she's done anything wrong and it's just unfortunate because they've made an issue out of something and there was no new information presented. None whatsoever. All of those (details) were available. (People) put females in a box and want them to stay there and look pretty. Hope refuses to be put in that box. She wants to be treated as an equal. That's not the case as we can see."
All set for his elevation as the Congress President, Rahul Gandhi may soon change the name of his Twitter handle, which goes as @OfficeOfRG.In an apparent move to take on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his popularity on Twitter, Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi is most likely to change his Twitter handle to something simpler and direct, like Rahul Gandhi or Rahul.Of late, Rahul's Twitter activity has changed drastically with a daily dose of sarcasm and humour in his blatant attacks on BJP and the central government.Earlier, News18 has reported that ever since Kannada actor-turned-politician Divya Spandana has taken charge, supporters and opponents have noticed a change in Congress's social media communication.With 3.78 million followers as compared to Narendra Modi's 35.5 million, Rahul Gandhi still has a long way to go on Twitter, but his latest tweets have made him a favourite on this social media platform.In the last tweet on Tuesday, the Congress scion hit out at Amit Shah and his son Jay Shah, calling the latter “Shah-Zada” and asking “Why this Kolaveri Da”, in an apparent reference to the ongoing controversy involving Jay Shah and his business. Earlier, it were the BJP leaders who would call Rahul a “shehzaada”, in reference to his political lineage.Ahead of PM Modi's Gandhinagar visit on October 16, the Congress leader earned many a fan with his sharp remark of “A weather forecast: Brace for a downpour of ‘jumlas' ahead of the elections”.
Not long after the Netflix series Making a Murder was released, people began realizing that we have a severely unjust criminal justice system in this country. Outrage followed.
The series focused on the convictions of Steven Avery and Brendan Dassey, and much of the outrage was directed at the law enforcement agency responsible for the 1982 wrongful conviction of Avery. The wrath was also directed at law enforcement and prosecutors involved with the Halbach case.
Calumet County District Attorney Ken Kratz was a special prosecutor in the case. Kratz was quickly caught up in his showboating.
His March 2, 2006 press conference, where he gave inflammatory and untrue statements claiming a heinous murder scene in which Dassey took part, was a behavior that deserves disgust. He clearly did not feel that good old‑fashioned evidence was needed for a conviction. Kratz and his fellow special prosecutors wanted Dassey to testify against Steven. They had failed to flip Avery's girlfriend, so Dassey was the next of the list to coerce. The fact that Kenneth Kratz never took responsibilities for the lies he stated in that press conference speaks directly to his character as a prosecutor in the State of Wisconsin.
Now, Kratz now comes forth claiming that his side of the story was not represented in the series. Manitowoc County Sheriff Robert Hermann, claimed the series was not a documentary while admitting, at the time, that he had not seen it. Both claim that the series is biased since it left out information which they feel was important for their side. Ken Peterson, the Manitowoc County Sheriff at the time of the arrest and investigation of Steven Avery doesn't care. He believes that Avery belongs in prison whether guilty or innocent. Peterson believes he is judge and jury.
These persons were given the chance to give input and interviews for the documentary. They chose not to.
The makers of the Documentary, Laura Ricciardi and Moira Demos, have stated that they sent three letters of invitation to Ken Kratz. He did not respond.
Kratz was plenty vocal throughout the investigation. His infamous press conference of 2 March, 2005 was one of series that he gave at the time. Kratz was happy to give daily press conferences during the trials. He was not shy about expressing his opinions. He was not shy to make unproven and untrue claims as fact.
The complaints from the Kratz gang have little merit. They did not expect a documentary of substance. . And, they were given a chance to be part of it.
There is a point that the complainers ignore. The investigations and trial of Steven Avery and Brendan Dassey are a frame for a much larger issue. That is the manipulation of public opinion by a legal system that places winning above honesty and truth.
Sheriff Hermann also complains that the documentary is unfair to the Halbach family. Kratz and others claim that the documentary should have been more about Teresa Halbach. This is a smoke screen by law enforcement and prosecution to deflect attention away from an honest discussion of their failings and prejudgments
.
I am certain that if the victim's family approved, many would be willing to produce a work that would cover the anguish of family and friends of Teresa.
This documentary is not about the victim and her family. If all cases were decided on the basis of protecting feelings, innocent people would sit in prison while perpetrators continued. We would not be allowed to know that Gregory Allen continued to commit sexual assaults while Steven Avery sat in prison. This would protect bad behaviors of person like former Manitowoc County Sheriff Tom Kocourek and District Attorney Tom Vogel. We would not know how the victim in the wrongful conviction of Steven Avery was victimized again by the criminal justice system.
This documentary is about the dishonesties of the special prosecutors and investigators. This documentary is the extortion of false confessions by law enforcement. This documentary is about the terrible state of criminal justice in the United States.
Share this...
email
by Brian McCorkle
Foto: Facebook
NA SLUŽBENOM Facebook profilu Branimira Glavaša pojavila se poruka koja se ne može tumačiti nikako drugačije nego kao prijetnja smrću svjedocima protiv lidera HDSSB-a koji u susjednoj BiH i dalje služi kaznu za ratne zločine.
"Ne reci lažna svjedočanstva, jer stići će te božja kazna", naslov je poruke objavljene na Glavaševom profilu koja je ilustrirana fotografijom pet obješenih osoba.
"Osma Božja zapovijed glasi, "Ne reci lažno svjedočanstvo" i ona zabranjuje laganje, lažno svjedočenje, krivokletstvo, ..., a ovi na ovoj slici su lažno svjedočili i stigla ih je zaslužena kazna...", navodi se u poruci na Glavaševom profilu.
HDSSB-ovac Burić: To su podmetanja onih koji ne vole Hrvatsku
"Nisam to vidio i ne želim komentirati takve gluposti koje su se i ranije događale. Ne čudi me da su svi oni koji ne vole Hrvatsku spremni i na takva gnjusna podmetanja", kazao je za Index Dinko Burić, bivši saborski zastupnik HDSSB-a, komentirajući prijetnje koje su osvanule na Glavaševu profilu.
Kada smo ponovo naglasili da se radi o službenom Glavaševom Facebook profilu, kojeg moderiraju članovi HDSSB-a među kojima i Glavašev sin Filip, Burić je odgovorio: "Vi jako dobro znate koje su moći interneta".
"Budući da ste me sada zaintrigirali, ipak ću vam dati jednu izjavu. Preporučujem vam da nazovete Krunoslava Fehira i Dragu Hedla, budući da su oni poznati autori takvih prijetnji: jedan drugom prijete i onda to pripisuju Branimiru Glavašu", kaže Burić.
Drago Hedl bivši je nagrađivani novinar Feral Tribunea. Upravo zahvaljujući Hedlovom požrtvovnom novinarskom radu protiv Glavaša su pokrenuti sudski procesi koji su rezultirali presudom zbog ratnih zločina. Krunoslav Fehir, prema vlastitom priznanju, u tim je zločinima sudjelovao kao jedan od Glavaševih vojnika da bi se kasnije pokajao i postao krunski svjedok tužiteljstva.
Krešimir Bubalo, bivši HDSSB-ov gradonačelnik Osijeka, u kratkom telefonskom razgovoru kazao nam je da ne želi ništa komentirati jer se nalazi na putu i nije upoznat s događajima. Komentar smo pokušali dobiti i od Vladimira Šišljagića, Glavaševog prijatelja i bivšeg drugog čovjeka HDSSB-a, koji nam je također kazao da ne može komentirati ovaj slučaj jer ne zna o čemu se radi.
Tekst se nastavlja ispod oglasa
Postupak protiv Glavaša mora se ponoviti
Podsjećamo, Ustavni sud ukinuo je prošlog tjedna presudu Vrhovnog suda kojom je Glavaš pravomoćno osuđen na osam godina zatvora za ratne zločine. Ustavni sud uvažio je Glavaševu žalbu i zatražio od Vrhovnog suda ponavljanje postupka.
Iako je presuda srušena isključivo na tehničkim detaljima, a glavnina optužnice nije opovrgnuta, Ministarstvo pravde BiH morat će Glavaša pustiti iz zatvora. U Hrvatsku se Glavaš ipak ne može vratiti kao slobodan čovjek: Županijski sud u Zagrebu za njim je raspisao tjeralicu jer je na snazi i dalje nepravomoćna presuda kojom je Glavaš proglašen krivim i osuđen na deset godina zatvora.
Prema hrvatskim zakonima, svaka osoba kojoj sud odredi zatvorsku kaznu dulju od pet godina pravomoćnost presude mora čekati u pritvoru. Glavaš u pritvoru nikad nije završio jer je prije izricanja presude pobjegao iz Hrvatske i nastanio se u susjednoj BiH, gdje je ipak završio u zatvoru temeljem sporazuma između dvije države.
Kako su umirale žrtve "selotejpa" i "garaže"
Sudac Županijskog suda u Zagrebu Željko Horvatović u svojoj nepravomoćnoj sudskoj presudi detaljno je opisao mučenja civila zbog kojih je Glavašu izrekao kaznu od deset godina zatvora.
Horvatović je objasnio i zašto smatra da leševi srpskih civila koji su plivali Dravom ruku svezanih selotejpom nisu žrtve bezimene i bezlične "pete kolone" što je tvrdio HDZ-ov zastupnik, predsjednik regionalnoga Kriznog stožera u ljeto 1991. godine, a zatim i Vladin povjerenik za taj grad Vladimir Šeks. Te su žrtve imale svoja imena, prezimena, poslove, obitelji i živote, sve dok im ih nisu, nepravomoćno je presudio Horvatović, nakon premlaćivanja oduzeli njihovi krvnici.
Zločin protiv čovječnosti za koji su nepravomoćno osuđeni Getoš Magdić, Krnjak, Dragić, Valentić, Kontić i njihov vođa Glavaš najočigledniji je upravo na primjeru Čedomira Vučkovića koji je umro u mukama - s kiselinom koja mu je izjedala lice, ždrijelo i želudac, brojnim udarcima koje su mu nanijeli kundacima, šakama i bejzbol palicama i konačno mecima kojima ga je pogodio Krunoslav Fehir, krunski svjedok čiji je iskaz sud prihvatio u potpunosti.
On 25 November 2015, the High Court of Paris indicted Marc Fellous, former chairman of France's Biomolecular Engineering Commission, for “forgery” and “the use of forgery”, in a libel trial that he lost to Prof Gilles-Eric Séralini. The Biomolecular Engineering Commission has authorised many GM crops for consumption.
The details of the case have not yet been publicly released but a source close to the case told GMWatch that Fellous had used or copied the signature of a scientist without his agreement to argue that Séralini and his co-researchers were wrong in their reassessment of Monsanto studies.
The Séralini team's re-assessment reported finding signs of toxicity in the raw data from Monsanto's own rat feeding studies with GM maize.
The sentence against Fellous has not yet been passed and is expected in June 2016.
Defamation case
The latest ruling marks a second court victory for Séralini's team.
In September 2012, an article written by Jean-Claude Jaillette in Marianne magazine said that “researchers around the world” had voiced “harsh words” about the research of Séralini and his team on the toxic effects of a GMO and Roundup over a long term period – research that was supported by the independent organisation CRIIGEN. The journalist wrote of a “scientific fraud in which the methodology served to reinforce pre-determined results”.
Séralini, his team, and CRIIGEN challenged this allegation in a defamation lawsuit. They were assisted by the notaries Bernard Dartevelle and Cindy Gay.
On 6 November 2015, after a criminal investigation lasting three years, the 17th Criminal Chamber of the High Court of Paris passed sentence. Marianne magazine and its journalist were fined for public defamation of a public official and public defamation of the researchers and of CRIIGEN, which is chaired by Dr Joel Spiroux de Vendômois.
The trial demonstrated that the original author of the fraud accusation, prior to Marianne, was the American lobbyist Henry I. Miller in Forbes magazine.
Miller had previously lobbied to discredit research linking tobacco to cancer and heart disease on behalf of the tobacco industry. Since then he has tried to do the same in support of GMOs and pesticides, through defamation.
The long-term toxicity study by Séralini's team was republished after the journal Food and Chemical Toxicology retracted it under pressure from lobbyists. Séralini's team has just published a summary of the toxic effects of Roundup below regulatory thresholds.
Appeal for funding for CRIIGEN
These court actions have taken up an enormous amount of energy and funds. CRIIGEN cannot survive without public support.
This is why the CRIIGEN team is making a call for donations to support past and future legal cases and independent research:
https://www.leetchi.com/c/ solidarite-de-le-criigen– association-du-pr-seralini
It looks as if President Obama has successfully set a political trap over the minimum wage. Raising the minimum is very popular — even a narrow majority of Republicans (pdf) are for it. But Republican leaders are opposed. And they'd like people to believe that their opposition is driven by sincere concern for workers who might lose their jobs.
Well, this isn't likely to work; the public won't believe in their sincerity, and for good reason. Here are two examples of why it won't wash:
1. The truth is that top Republicans have so little regard for ordinary workers that they can't even manage to pretend otherwise. Case in point: on the last Labor Day, Eric Cantor declared,
Today, we celebrate those who have taken a risk, worked hard, built a business and earned their own success.
Yep: even on Labor Day, Cantor had nothing positive to say about workers, just praise for their bosses.
2. Consider a working couple with two children, earning the current minimum wage. How much federal income tax do they pay? If I'm doing the math right, the answer is, none — they get a refund. (They pay plenty of payroll taxes, sales taxes, etc., but that isn't supposed to count). In the minds of Republicans, this makes them lucky duckies, members of the 47 percent, part of what's wrong with America. The GOP just can't credibly claim to suddenly be deeply concerned about their job prospects.
Maybe once upon a time, when Republicans were less intellectually inbred, they could have pulled off the stunt of seeming to care about the people supposedly hurt by a higher minimum wage. But I really don't think they're up to it at this point.
The Reason I'm Supporting COHOOTs: We're Building a New Phoenix
Tanya Moushi Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 23, 2016
Photo by Shaunté Glover (ShaunteGlover.com)
When I feel hesitation, it makes me want to clear things up. There are so many people transforming Phoenix right now, so many people who care about preserving its history and skyrocketing it as the major city it is. Most people have no hesitation for supporting COHOOTs and their mission for a bigger, better entrepreneurial public space, but I'd like to share my perspective incase you're on the fence about their crowdfunding campaign.
Let my general disclaimer be that you shouldn't invest money out of obligation. That's how both overexposure and overweighted positions occur. If you're willing to support, pick an affordable number, and feel damn good about however big or small your contribution.
Approach this with an appreciation for the mission.
That's why we donate to the fight against anything. This mission is a public space for entrepreneurs in Phoenix that is 3X the original size with an impact that stretches way beyond any real or made up borders. There are few places that cater to the psychotic nature that is the entrepreneur and COHOOTS has nailed it.
The culture makes Friday-night brainstorming sessions normal, and supports those who dedicate their time to finding curious connections, launching big ideas and creating opportunities for impact on both a local and global scale. It helps us appreciate our unique weirdness, and supports my personal argument that Phoenix is the most generous city for entrepreneurs.
Yeah, I said that.
As for the investment . . .
Pretend you will never see the money again. And then pretend you will see it 20 times over. And then stop pretending that you know what will happen. Expect your support to make an impact, because it will.
I'm fucking tired of people acting like they don't make a difference. People make a difference. It doesn't matter how seemingly small. You do. Get over it. You make a difference. You make or break things. Yes, it is a lot of pressure. We know. But it's also kind of awesome, isn't it?
We have gotten some amazing experiences from COHOOTS. Some of us have gained wonderful clients, have had a place to try out ideas, and some have simply received bravery to launch a project or business — that bravery being a priceless, invisible thing. I am the recipient of all three benefits, among many more shared by many others.
This is about building a place that helps make things real.
It doesn't always work but it works enough of the time to make a difference, and that's a damn decent bet if you ask me. In a world where we feel a shit ton of resistance, mostly from ourselves, I'm all about helping a place that helps us break that resistance down.
Comments or concerns?
This goes for interaction with any organization: if you don't agree with something, call it out. It doesn't have to be publicly. It doesn't have to be privately. But it does have to be done out of care, or respect, or humanness. Not a lot of people know this, but there are actual humans behind organizations. Speak to them with thought, love and willingness. We are people in a community of care. Act like it.
You're not obligated to support, but you do certainly make an impact: Support the new Phoenix location here and if you don't mind, hit the recommend button (wittle heart) below to share this article.
The latest name to make MLS rumor rounds is Mexican international Carlos Vela, currently playing in La Liga for Real Sociedad. Velum has reportedly been eying a move to MLS since last summer, but according to a league source, Real Sociedad won't sell until the summer of 2016.
The name might not mean much at the moment, specifically because Vela isn't being directly mentioned with Atlanta United FC. However, there is a small detail that could make this very interesting for AUFC supporters. The timeline to Vela's potential MLS move fits what AUFC President Darren Eales has repeatedly said would likely be the months Atlanta begins signing players.
PROS
The 26-year-old has 47 caps and 14 goals for the Mexican national team, making him one of the more ideal candidates for AUFC. His marketability to the Hispanic community would be invaluable and his recent stretch in La Liga would certainly attract those who follow European soccer. Vela could also potentially attract members of El Tri to join Atlanta United FC in 2017 or later. Outside of Javier "Chicharito" Hernandez, there's not a more recognizable Mexican player in world soccer. The amount of attention he'd draw from the Latino market would be huge benefit to an expansion club such as AUFC.
CONS
There are at least two MLS teams with first dibs to Carlos Vela. The Colorado Rapids would have the Right of First Refusal in the event that Vela decides to play in MLS. The Chicago Fire would be next on the list. AUFC could offer the Colorado Rapids $50,000 in Allocation Money in exchange for the rights to Vela, which would be a good deal considering the new and tradeable $800,000 Targeted Allocation Money Atlanta would receive in 2017.
A player like Vela would also come at a very high cost to any team that signed him. According to transfermarkt.com, the forward's current market value is set at $18 million euros ($19.6 million USD) and is under contract with Real Sociedad until the summer of 2018, adding a relatively high transfer fee to the equation. The fee could potentially be amortized throughout the life of the contract under the Special Discovery Player rule.
It also very likely that Vela's hefty transfer fee would have to be approved by MLS owners and paid for by the league as they often do with high profile players they hope to lure in.
Side note: Vela has a brother, Alejandro Vela, who plays with Minnesota United FC, which is also slated to enter MLS in 2017, only fueling speculation to the early rumors.
Undated yearbook photo of William Shook. (Courtesy, KSNV News 3)
The 12-year-old Las Vegas Boy Scout who died from a gunshot wound during a late June camping trip to San Diego committed suicide, medical examiner documents show.
William Grey Shook was taking medication for depression at the time of his death, the San Diego medical examiner's report said.
Officers were called to 1750 Fiesta Island Road just after 7:30 a.m. on June 30, one day after the Las Vegas troop arrived in San Diego.
William and another Boy Scout had just pitched a tent and were inside when the second Scout turned his back to William and heard a gun fire.
Arriving officers found William inside the boys' tent with a gunshot wound to the head, the medical examiner's report said. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The gun police found near Shook's body was not registered, police said in July, adding that Shook likely brought it with him.
The semiautomatic handgun “reportedly” belonged to the boy's grandfather, the medical examiner's report said.
William was the son of former Clark County prosecutor Julie Shook and local defense attorney John Shook, who was a chaperone on the San Diego trip for about 20 members of Boy Scout Troop 50, police said.
The father told police he didn't know how the gun had gotten to the camp. The other Boy Scouts at the camp said they didn't know William had a gun and that he never told anyone he had it.
After San Diego police investigated they turned the case over to Metro.
Las Vegas police spokesman Larry Hadfield said Tuesday that Metro is no longer investigating the death and that no one faces charges.
An obituary that referred to him as Will said the boy was an avid reader who loved cats, played the piano and “could beat any video game.” Will attended school at New Horizons Academy.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Contact Ricardo Torres at rtorres@reviewjournal.com and 702-383-0381. Find him on Twitter: @rickytwrites.
As the special counsel in charge of the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election assembled key staff, several prominent Trump supporters questioned his impartiality, and whether the appointment was necessary at all.
Bloomberg first reported on June 1, citing two unnamed people, that Department of Justice fraud chief and former FBI General Counsel Andrew Weissman would join special counsel Robert Mueller's so-called “murderer's row” of prosecutors. And the National Law Journal reported Friday, citing unnamed people familiar with the arrangement, that Deputy Solicitor General Michael Dreeben — who in 2016 argued his 100th case in front of the Supreme Court — would assist Mueller on a part-time basis.
Perhaps the biggest flip-flop among high-profile Trump supporters came from former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who changed justifications multiple times for his new opposition to Mueller.
When Mueller was first announced as the special counsel, Gingrich strongly praised him:
Robert Mueller is superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity. Media should now calm down — Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) May 18, 2017
However, speaking to radio host John Catsimatidis Sunday, as quoted by The Hill, Gingrich said Mueller's position had been compromised by fired FBI Director James Comey's admission that he had authorized a friend to pass details of his meetings with Trump to the press in order to justify a special counsel.
“I think Congress should now intervene and they should abolish the independent counsel, because Comey makes so clear that it's the poison fruit of a deliberate manipulation by the FBI director leaking to the New York Times, deliberately set up this particular situation,” Gingrich said. “It's very sick.”
The next day, he said evidence that Mueller wouldn't be fair could be found in his new hires' political donations.
Republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going to be fair. Look who he is hiring.check fec reports. Time to rethink. — Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) June 12, 2017
Fair question why I changed my mind on mueller1Comey admitted leaking to set up special counsel2Comey-Mueller close3Mueller hiring partisans — Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) June 12, 2017
Conservative provocateur Ann Coulter jumped on board Sunday, writing that Comey's acknowledgement that he told Trump he wasn't personally under investigation was grounds for dismissing Mueller altogether.
Now that we FINALLY got Comey to admit Trump not under investigation, Sessions should fire Mueller. Why do we need a special counsel now? — Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 11, 2017
Weeks ago, Coulter celebrated Mueller's appointment as a chance to target Democrats in Hillary Clinton's circle involved in the investigation of her use of a private email server.
Radio host and LifeZette Editor-in-Chief Laura Ingraham posted a column from the Washington Examiner's Byron York to her 1.5 million Twitter followers early Monday. York asked five unnamed Washington lawyers if they thought Comey's reported friendship with Mueller presented a conflict. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, acting in his capacity as the then-lead of the Russia investigation at the Justice Department, chose Mueller to lead the investigation.
Byron York: Is Robert Mueller conflicted in Trump probe? https://t.co/vmqd4RQC5a via @dcexaminer — Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) June 12, 2017
The Hill noted Monday that four members of Mueller's investigative team, each seasoned criminal prosecutors with extensive experience at the Justice Deparment or Washington, D.C. law firms, had donated to Democrats, including Hillary Clinton.
Maybelline has introduced a line of Baby Lips Electro Lip Balms in several new neon shades. Baby Lips Electro Lip Balms are just a little more daring than the normal range of colors and kinda a fun addition for Summer. I mean seriously, I can get on board with rocking neon 80's shades of lips balms.
Take a peek!
Oh! Orange, Strike a Rose, Berry Bomb
Fierce n Tangy and Sheer Minty
I'll be the first one to admit Maybelline Baby Lips Balm aren't really my favorite lip balm product in the world. OMG don't kill me. Sorry about that but they really aren't. I mean I think they get a little too much hype and are a slightly overrated tinted lip balm…!
These have a balmy texture with a nicely hydrating feel but I prefer something a little slicker to be honest. I just feel they are a tad too heavy for me at times. When worn at night, in my bed, I'm cool with this type of balm. But during the day for quickie touch ups, etc…Mmmm I'd like something a little lighter.
According to studies these produce smoother, less dry, better looking lips…for me I feel like they are moisturizing with a nice tint of color but nothing too incredibly dramatic with the formula here. It's a balm, there's not a lot to say about lip balm sometimes…!
On the upside the Electro Collection has some really nice tinted shades that are considerably more tinted than the originals. One thing I noticed was these didn't contain an SPF as the original does so that's something to take note of.
There are six shades to choose from five of which I swatched in this post. Two shades, Fierce n Tangy (neon yellow) and Minty Sheer (neon lime green) apply sheer without any real color where as the other three I tried do lend a very nice neon tint to lips. The colors are vibrant, fun, and wearable. I know they seem quite loud and outrageous but they apply rather naturally!
Berry Bomb
Sheer Minty
Oh! Orange
Sheer Minty
Strike a Rose
Each balm has a different flavor as well. Nothing plastic or artificial here, the subtle flavors seemed quite on target and pleasant to my taste buds.
Fierce n Tangy has a lemony citrus candy flavor, Minty Sheer (obviously) taste like a mint, Oh! Orange is a tasty sweet orange, Berry Bomb is a grape berryish flavor, and Strike a Rose has a sweet rosy candy flavor.
I'm unsure if these are permanent or limited edition. The displays do not say anything about the line being LE but I suspect they might be? Don't quote me there.
Overall, Maybelline Electric Baby Lips have the opportunity to be a boring repetitive release but actually turned into a rather fun purchase for me. I think they make a nice budget pick up when you need a quickie beauty fix and don't want to spend a ton of cash. They have considerably better pay off than the original formula and the colors are vibrant and super funky for Summer wear!
I gotta say Maybelline did a fab job with these and kept my interest here. Even though the original formula failed to please me I felt like Electric improved on this and made the product into something more interesting!
My suggestion?
Pick a shade or two up! These are just full of beauty fun!
Available now at drugstores or also Target.com shortly.
Tried 'em?
Love to hear your thoughts!
Brazos River crest could match 1957 record
A jeep flies down a flooded street in the Rio Vista neighborhood Tuesday, May 31, 2016 in Richmond. A jeep flies down a flooded street in the Rio Vista neighborhood Tuesday, May 31, 2016 in Richmond. Photo: Michael Ciaglo, Houston Chronicle Photo: Michael Ciaglo, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 125 Caption Close Brazos River crests could match 1957 record 1 / 125 Back to Gallery
John Laib drove his pregnant fiancee through floodwaters on Monday to reach the hospital where his 10-pound daughter was born.
On Tuesday, he had to use a boat to return to his home near Sienna Plantation and get the baby's bassinet. He had heard the floodwaters might keep him away for weeks.
Laib and his family were among thousands of residents in Fort Bend County and environs affected by record flooding on the Brazos River, with more heavy rains expected in the next five days.
More flooding along the river is likely. Rain is in the forecast this week, and the huge Brazos River crest could match a 1957 record.
Widespread showers are forecast to start Thursday morning and continue into the weekend. Flash flooding is possible.
In addition, Lamar Consolidated Independent School District announced on Twitter that it was canceling Wednesday classes for Austin, Frost and Jackson elementary schools. All other schools and offices will be open on Wednesday.
Emergency management teams in Fort Bend and other suburban counties raced Tuesday to brace against the worst and struggled to help get residents out of harm's way.
A TOWN DRENCHED: Small Houston area town swamped by floodwaters
The Brazos River reached above 54 feet at 7:15 p.m. Tuesday in Richmond, the county seat located in central Fort Bend. This was almost four feet above a record set in 1994, according to the National Weather Service.
While emergency officials kept an eye on the rising waters, they continued evacuations for areas farther down the river in Fort Bend, like the Brazos Bend State Park and nearby communities, where the water would make its way in a day or two.
Farther still, residents in Brazoria County, too, packed up and left their homes, with the high river levels expected to reach them late this week just as more rain would begin to fall.
To the northwest and up-river, in Simonton, water levels were believed to be going down after several days of the Brazos at its peak, a precursor of what was to come, said Lach Mullen, of the Fort Bend County office of emergency management.
A DIFFERENT VIEW: Astronaut photo shows Brazos River flooding
"That is a little concerning for us," Mullen said. "If it's just started to recede there and it's just starting to rise here, we've got a long road ahead of us."
Just as other communities had already been cut off and flooded, areas along the river as it wound past Richmond toward Laib's home would risk of losing access to and from their communities for days, Mullen said.
"That story continues as you follow the river south," Mullen said.
Seeing images of the water rising near a park in Richmond, 72-year-old Bill Hancock came by Tuesday afternoon to check on a resident he'd met there the week before.
Water had already blocked off the entryway to the man's home. The man, who didn't want his name used, said he was planning to get out as soon as he could lock up the back door, where he was installing a new latch.
Satisfied the 69-year-old resident would be safe, Hancock left, but many more people milled about taking photos. Minutes later, a few more friends came by, shouting hello.
"Everybody's coming," the man said from his doorway, amused. "I'm trying to go!"
Many families in rural areas of Brazoria County near the Brazos River were evacuating, but not everyone.
AERIAL PHOTOS: Drone shows dramatic impact of the latest floods
Mike Wittwer, 63, intended to ride out the flood in his trailer with his 31-year-old son and his 18-year-old grandson. He lives at the end of an unpaved road in the section of the Riverside Estates subdivision closest to the river. Although he admitted to some uncertainty, Wittwer believed his trailer was high enough off the ground to stay.
"We've never been through one like this one is supposed to be," Wittwer said.
Wittwer had sent his daughter and three granddaughters to stay with friends in Pasadena until it is safe to return. His other daughter, Sonja Teets, 41, lives 100 yards away with her husband, Wesley, and two teenage sons.
"We're staying," Teets said.
To prepare, Teets' husband and neighbor had used a backhoe to make a dirt wall nearly 3 feet high around the small house. Both Teets' and Wittwer's families stored water and food to last at least two weeks and had propane and candles on hand to use if they lost power.
The Teets harvested their garden and were canning tomatoes and making hot sauce to add to their stores.
DATA SHOWS: How recent rain has pushed Medina Lake to near capacity
"We piled in food and everything," Sonja Teets said. "We're good."
Still, the area's first casualty of the rising river could be seen nearby, where the water had claimed a mobile home.
The west fork of the San Jacinto River, meanwhile, was expected to remain in major flood stage near Humble through Wednesday morning. The river flooded areas in Atascocita and Kingwood that usually don't get high water, said Houston City Councilman Dave Martin, whose district includes neighborhoods around Lake Houston. With the surge of water from the San Jacinto, Lake Houston was at capacity Tuesday. City officials asked recreational boaters to stay away because of debris and the problems their vessels' wakes could cause for properties on the water's edge.
"We can't take any more water in that lake," Martin said.
Upstream in Montgomery County, residents were cleaning up after days of extraordinary rain, with as many as 16 inches falling between Thursday and Saturday in some places. Officials said they had received roughly 300 reports of damaged or destroyed homes, but the toll was expected to increase with assessments still underway.
A few neighborhoods, including the Timber Ridge/Timber Lakes subdivision just south of The Woodlands, flooded for the second time within five weeks.
"It's a shame to see what's happened to these people," said Montgomery County Judge Craig Doyal, who made his second request for federal aid since mid-April. "Some of them were in the process of repairing of their homes from earlier flood damage. It's unbelievable."
The county had dried enough by Tuesday that only one emergency shelter remained open, the First United Methodist Church in Conroe, but there were concerns of more damage to come from the heavy rainfall predicted.
"With the ground saturated and creeks as full as they are, it won't take much to cause problems," Doyal said. "We're keeping an eye to the skies to see what happens next."
Reporter Matthew Tresaugue contributed to this report
LARGEST COLLEGIATE STUDENT SECTIONS IN 2015
Texas A&M's famed 12Man tradition will be as strong as ever this fall, as the Aggies have sold out of 34,200 student sports passes for the upcoming football season at Kyle Field. Texas A&M has the largest student block in college football as well as the best student seating, with the majority of the 12Man occupying yard-line seats on the east side of Kyle Field.Texas A&M opens the 2016 season Sept. 3 by hosting UCLA of the Pac-12 Conference in the second year of the fully redeveloped Kyle Field. Renovated for $485 million over two years, Kyle Field has a listed capacity of 102,733, which is the largest football stadium in the Southeastern Conference and the state of Texas.At a price of $290, Texas A&M's 12Man Pass provides students reserved seating for all seven home football games, with the opportunity to attend all other home athletics events for free.There are a limited number of football season tickets remaining for the general public. More ticket information can be found at 12thMan.com/tickets or by calling 888-99-AGGIE.31,286 Texas A&M28,333 Ohio State21,500 Penn State19,500 Florida16,000 Florida State16,000 Georgia15,000 East Carolina
When Thunderbolt put the yeeee-hawwww in Houston
“If your transmission's got you down or your motor falls apart. It's the time to come to Thunderbolt. You don't need a brand-new car! We still believe in value, and we pass it on to you. At Thunderbolt we fix it right and guarantee it too. We put the yeeee-hawwww back in your motor and transmission.”
It's one of the most iconic pieces of Houston pop culture, and it only cost a few hundred dollars to produce, and less than that to originally run on daytime TV, but Thunderbolt Transmission's famous commercial doesn't seem to show any signs of fading away from Bayou City brains.
Not even the creative minds at Sterling Cooper & Partners could come up with such an insidiously catchy jingle, circa 1980, just in time for the urban cowboy craze.
Nary a week or month goes by with someone posting the commercial on Reddit or Facebook, leading to dozens of comments and someone throws out other Houston commercials that still litter our brains all these years.
Newstonians probably don't know the lyrics to the Thunderbolt jingle, but for people who grew up here in the '80s and '90s, it's right up there with “Deep in the Heart of Texas” or maybe Lil Troy's “Wanna Be A Baller” from 1999.
I'd had enough of being haunted by the Thunderbolt commercial jingle for most of my life and called the automotive parts dealer on the east side of town to get the skinny.
Skip Hartley's father, Harry, started Texas Motor Exchange after World War II to corner a market in Houston that he found was sorely underserviced, namely car engine parts.
This is when veterans were returning home from fighting Nazis with money to spend and lives to get on with. They needed cars and parts for those cars.
Harry Hartley had come to Houston from Louisiana at the age of 14 escaping trouble in his hometown. He spent a portion of his early days in Houston sleeping in the front porch swing of a church off Broadway and Harrisburg before striking out on his own with just a third grade education.
During the war, the younger Hartley says, automotive factories were still tooled up for war time and waits for car parts were long. The elder Hartley began buying up engines across Houston and found that he could make good money swapping engines. The rest is company history.
The company name turned into Thunderbolt by 1963, and briefly fall on hard times in the late '60s before rising again.
The elder Hartley died in 1997.
In the late '70s Hartley saw that it was time to make an innovative local commercial, something to catch the eye and the ear.
Hartley's daughter, Bonnie Miller, worked for a local advertising agency and was looking for a way to work with the family.
She wrote the country-fried jingle and pitched it to her father. He liked it and production for the commercial soon began.
Miller also wrote the “Oooh Ahhhh” Mattress Giant jingle, which you may have also found lodged in your brain on a constant loop. She sang that one too, Hartley says.
She wrote and recorded gospel music in the area, in addition to her noted commercial work.
Sadly, Miller and her husband Phillip were both killed in a car accident on Highway 288 in 1996, just days after singing at Skip's wedding.
“She was very simple in her ways, and just a really happy person,” Hartley says.
The budget for the original Thunderbolt commercial topped out at $250. That includes the price of the cowboy hat the pretty blonde gal (whose transmission has got her down) wears in the clip. It was bought by Hartley at a charity auction prior to production.
Growing up I always wondered about just what that blonde character did in Houston. Was she a Gilley's groupie, maybe a Houston Oilers cheerleader, the kind you would see a faded pinup of in a western wear store? She was like a raunchier Dolly Parton, and thus I had a crush on her as a young boy. She's a local actress whose name escapes Hartley, though he hears about her whereabouts now and then.
The younger Hartley, 51, doesn't remember much about the day that the commercial was shot at the Harrisburg store, but he does remember how cheap it was to run on local television.
“It maybe cost $250 to make overall and it cost about $25 to run on KDOG, which is now KRIV,” said Hartley. Speedy, a Thunderbolt mechanic who taught Skip much of he knows about cars, was the man lucky enough to get a peck on the cheek from the blonde.
The ad was wildly popular in Houston and when Thunderbolt would release new commercials they would get actual complaints about not using the iconic clip instead.
“Locals didn't like the new ones and people would call us on the phone and complain so we never made a change,” Hartley says. “They'd gripe us into running the old one.”
Local bands have even been known to cover the jingle live, and every now and then you will see an inventive Houstonian and his wife dressed as the blonde and the flimflam salesman.
Even an updated ad with Houston radio luminary Moby didn't take off, as popular as he was in the '80s.
In 2005, the Houston Press named it “Best Vintage Local TV Commercial,” lauding it for its romance, action, and suspense.
By 1999 Thunderbolt did decide to take another crack at the formula and remake the ad with new faces and a new car to boot. Hartley plays the mechanic in the red shirt. They even commissioned a Spanish language version, and yep, it's just as catchy as the English language honky tonk classic, even in another tongue.
“We did know how popular the first one was, being from Houston, so we tried to be faithful to it as we could,” says Todd Reynolds with Reynolds Advertising. The ad was one of the first he did when he began his firm. The Spanish version was filmed by Reynolds around 2006.
“The Spanish one was a bit more lusty than the English language version,” says Reynolds.
He tries not to listen to the Thunderbolt jingle very much as it gets stuck in his head.
“It's always in there,” Reynolds laughs. “It's got that kitschy hook.”
In late 2012 Houston real estate blog Swamplot looked back at the Thunderbolt location off Harrisburg to see how much had changed over the decades.
What about a 21st century reboot? Hartley has mulled it over but has reservations. The market has changed and TV ads don't penetrate the way they used to.
“We kick it around all the time, but you just don't get the bang for your buck anymore with TV ads,” he says.
Maybe it could be a viral hit on YouTube or Facebook, I suggest, not entirely hiding the fact that I would want to play the shady car salesman. Skip said he will think about it.
It's time someone put the yeeee-hawwww back in Houston, don't you think?
Circa 1980
The 1999 Version
En Espanol
After questionable results in back-to-back outings, people are starting to worry about Marcus Stroman. In his last start, he allowed more walks than strikeouts for only the second time in his career. In the game prior, he gave up 11 hits. Then, if you look a few more games back, you'll see that he gave up 13 hits, the highest total of his career. It wouldn't be unfair to say that three of Stroman's last four starts have been the three worst of his career. It hasn't been good.
As is the case with many worrying incidents, there have been two main contributors: a wealth of expectations and a lack of results. Let's look at the series of events.
Second Half 2014: Marcus Stroman puts up a 3.38 ERA and 2.43 FIP over 77.1 IP.
March 2015: Marcus Stroman tears his ACL on a freak play.
April 2015: Marcus Stroman assures us that he's going to be back by September, months ahead of schedule, all while finishing his undergraduate degree.
September 2015: Marcus Stroman returns as he assured and puts up a 1.67 ERA and 3.54 FIP over 27.0 IP.
October 2015: Marcus Stroman pitches so well that he's picked over David Price to start Game 5 of the ALCS.
For all intents and purposes, in 2015, Marcus Stroman was this Earth's version of Superman. Now, through two months of 2016: Marcus Stroman has a staff-worst ERA of 4.82. The worrying is entirely understandable.
However, and as the title of this post indicates, despite how understandable it may be, we need not worry about Marcus Stroman. For starters, take a look at Stroman's peripheral statistics: In 2015, he had 6.00 K/9, 2.00 BB/9, and 0.67 HR/9. In 2016 he has 6.16 K/9, 2.80 BB/9, and 0.67 HR/9. So his walk rate, strikeout rate, and home run rate are almost identical to last season, when he was anointed an ace
In fact, the only outcome that has gotten worse is Stroman's hits allowed. The league average for hits allowed per nine innings is roughly 8.7; Stroman is at 9.2. Hits allowed is an odd statistics. On one hand, there's clearly a prominent performance component to it: good pitchers tend to give up fewer hits, while bad pitchers tend to give up more hits. On the other hand, hits allowed, unlike walks or strikeouts, is an incredibly luck dependent statistic. That's why many defense independent pitching statistics (DIPS) like FIP ignore hits entirely. They're too tough to predict.
With that said, while the theory behind DIPS is strong, it isn't perfect. As such, we must recognize some of what hits allowed and earned run average are telling us: hitters are obliterating Marcus Stroman. However, there's a difference between a hittable pitcher and a pitcher who's getting hit.
Since 2006, among pitchers with at least 1250 innings pitched, there is only one who has allowed more than 10 hits per nine innings: Mike Pelfrey. Pelfrey is perhaps the perfect example of a hittable pitcher. His raw velocity isn't bad, nor is his pitch selection poor, but his pitch movement is unremarkable, and his commands leaves much to be desired. He gets hit because there's nothing special about his stuff.
Marcus Stroman on the other hand has good velocity, a formidable pitch selection, historically potent command, and nearly league topping pitch movement. Unlike Pelfrey, Stroman has the tools to success. But Stroman has become a pitcher who, like Pelfrey and so many others, pitches to contact. That means that regardless of his velocity, movement, pitch selection, and command, he's still living on the margins of batted balls. They're not always going to go in to fielder's gloves.
And what's the problem with that? Well, pitching to contact can lead to a lot of poor results over a small sample size (See Stroman, Marcus in 2016). It can also lead to a lot of good results over a small sample size (See Stroman, Marcus in 2015). Yet, over a larger sample size, you're likely to find results that fall somewhere in between (See Stroman, Marcus in his career).
For Stroman this season, not only is his pitching to contact leading to, what I would argue are, disproportionately poor results, but it is being amplified by some incredibly poor luck. Notably, Stroman has stranded just 63.6% of batters, which is 8.6% below the league average of 72.2%. Therefore he's letting more batters on base than expected, and stranding fewer. As you can imagine, that's not a perfect formula for a good ERA.
Fortunately, there's little about Marcus Stroman's current profile that should lead one to believe that he can't at least achieve an ERA slightly better than the 3.74 mark that PECOTA projects for him over the rest of the season. Now, that may not exactly be encouraging for those who slapped the ace tag on Stroman last season. But, because he's so efficient, that 3.74 ERA is going to be coupled with a lot of innings. In a rotation that includes four other league average or better pitchers, that's perfectly fine.
Then, on top of Stroman's current profile, there's always the potential for plenty more. We already know he's got the stuff, and the drive, and that he just has to apply it. Perhaps, as our own Gideon Turk wrote yesterday, he can get back to using his four seam fastball up in the zone to generate more strikeouts. Alternatively, he's got a slider and a curveball that are (unfortunately) similar to each other, but standout pitches on their own.
Last season, Marcus Stroman started throwing more sinkers and pitching to contact because he wanted to throw more innings; he wanted efficiency. This season, he continued to throw more sinkers and pitch to contact because it worked so well for him last season. But, that doesn't mean that Marcus Stroman has to be a pitch to contact guy forever. In his short career, he's already made one major development, and he's always tinkering with something new.
So, you can worry about Marcus Stroman if you'd like, but you don't need to. He has been unlucky, but regression alone should make him serviceable. Then, on top of that, he has superb stuff, and an unmatched pitching curiosity. He'll be perfectly fine.
Lead Photo: Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports
Bismillah
Cold weather, snow, hot chocolate, thick blankets, dry skin, short days and long nights are the things that come to my mind when I think of winter. Winter, for most of us, is not our favorite season because of the cold weather and early sunset. But while many of us are shivering and complaining of this weather and darkness, our past predecessors rejoiced at the coming of winter.
Imam al-Hasan al-Basri (rahimahullah) said, “The best season to a believer is the winter, its nights are long for those who wish to pray, and its days are short for those who wish to fast.”
Winter is the season of the believer because it is so easy to do good deeds. Allah has made this a great mercy for us; we can fast these short days without any decrease in the reward and we have a huge gap between Isha and Fajr to pray some night prayers.
Umar said, “Winter is booty for the devout worshipers.”
So take advantage of these short days and long nights!
Like this? Get more of our great articles. Get more of our great articles.
Also now that we are in winter, we may need an extra push to keep renewing our wudu because of the cold weather. Here are some benefits of wudu to motivate yourself to keep up this sunnah, even though you're freezing cold:
1) Expiation of sins
“He who performs the Wudu perfectly (i.e., according to Sunnah), his sins will depart from his body, even from under his nails.” [Muslim]
He who performs Wudu like this, his previous sins will be forgiven and his Salat and walking to the mosque will be considered as supererogatory act of worship.” [Muslim].
“When a Muslim, or a believer, washes his face (in the course of Wudu), every sin which he committed with his eyes, will be washed away from his face with water, or with the last drop of water; when he washes his hands, every sin which is committed by his hands will be effaced from his hands with the water, or with the last drop of water; and when he washes his feet, every sin his feet committed will be washed away with the water, or with the last drop of water; until he finally emerges cleansed of all his sins.” [Muslim]
2) The Prophet will recognize his Ummah from their traces of Wudu
Abu Hurayrah reported: The Messenger of Allah (sal Allahu alayhi wa sallam) went to the (Baqi`) cemetery and said, “May you be secured from punishment, O dwellers of abode of the believers! We, if Allah wills, will follow you. I wish we see my brothers.” The Companions said, “O Messenger of Allah! Are not we your brothers?” He said, “You are my Companions, but my brothers are those who have not come into the world yet.” They said; “O Messenger of Allah! How will you recognize those of your Ummah who are not born yet?” He said, “Say, if a man has white-footed horses with white foreheads among horses which are pure black, will he not recognize his own horses?” They said; “Certainly, O Messenger of Allah!” He said, “They (my followers) will come with bright faces and white limbs because of Wudu; and I will arrive at the Haud (Al-Kauthar) ahead of them.” [Muslim]
3) The Believers will be recognized by their traces of Wudu on the Day of Judgment
“On the Day of Resurrection, my followers will be summoned ‘Al-Ghurr Al-Muhajjalun‘ from the traces of Wudu'.” [Al-Bukhari and Muslim] This name is explained as:
“The word “Ghurr” is the plural of “Agharr” which means shining or white. It is used for animals (like a horse), i.e., a white mark on its face. Here, it refers to that radiance which will issue from the brows of the believers on the Day of Resurrection and which will make them prominent. Muhajjalun is from Tahjil which also means whiteness but it is used for that whiteness which is found on all the four or at least on three legs of a horse. Here, it refers to that light which will shine through the hands and feet of the believers because of their habit of performing Wudu. This means that the believers among the Muslims will be distinguished from other communities by virtue of the radiance issuing from their faces, hands and feet on the Day of Resurrection in the same way that a horse with a white forehead is easily distinguised from other horses.”
4) Wudu is a radiance and the Believers are encouraged to increase in it.
Abu Hurayrah (radi Allahu anhu) said, “Whoever can increase the area of his radiance should do so.” [Al-Bukhari and Muslim]
5) An Angel will seek forgiveness for you
It is narrated from ibn Umar that the Messenger of Allah said, “Purify these bodies, and Allah will purify you. Whenever a slave sleeps in a state of purification, an angel sleeps within his hair and he does not turn over during the night except that he [the angel] says: O Allah, forgive Your slave, for he went to sleep purified.” [at-Tabarani and graded “good” by Sh Al-Albani]
6) The adornment of a Believer in Jannah will reach up to where the water reached his body.
“The adornment of the believer (in Jannah) will reach the places where the water of Wudu reaches (his body).” [Muslim]
7) Saying the supplication after wudu is a means of entering Jannah
“Whoever of you performs Wudu carefully and then affirms: `Ash-hadu an la ilaha illallahu Wahdahu la sharika Lahu, wa ash-hadu anna Muhammadan `abduhu wa Rasuluhu [I testify that there so no true god except Allah Alone, Who has no partners and that Muhammad is His slave and Messenger],' the eight gates of Jannah are opened for him. He may enter through whichever of these gates he desires (to enter).” [Muslim]
8 ) Preserving wudu is a sign of emaan
“… and no one preservers their wudu except a Believer.” [Ibn Maajah, Authentic according to Sh. Al-Albani]
9) Performing Wudu in hardship effaces the sins and elevates the ranks
The Prophet (sal Allahu alayhi wa sallam) said, “Shall I not tell you something by which Allah effaces the sins and elevates ranks (in Jannah)?” The Companions said; “Certainly, O Messenger of Allah.” He said, “Performing the Wudu thoroughly in spite of difficult circumstances, walking with more paces to the mosque, and waiting for the next Salat (the prayer) after observing Salat; and that is Ar-Ribat, and that is Ar-Ribat.” [Muslim] The scholars say:
The increasingly crowded battle for control of your living room might be leading us into a new golden age of television. But in the eyes of the viewing public, one company remains head and shoulders above the rest when it comes to the quality of its shows: HBO.
The above chart comes from a survey conducted by Morgan Stanley earlier this year. HBO has another chance to demonstrate its prowess in producing original content on Sunday night, when it releases the fourth season of its hit fantasy drama Game of Thrones, and a new comedy series Silicon Valley. The former is among the most highly anticipated shows of the year—last year's penultimate episode drew 5.2 million viewers —but hype is building around the latter (apparently Elon Musk is not impressed).
Netflix, Amazon and any number of other players (even Apple someday?) are commissioning their own content to support various new business models in TV. But HBO, the veteran of the space, probably won't be changing its approach any time soon. While many people wish HBO would sell its online product, HBO Go, on a standalone, or a la carte basis, they also aren't willing to pay for it. At least according to the Morgan Stanley survey.
At the moment, HBO generally adds about $15 a month to a cable bill, and with limited exceptions, can only really be accessed with a full pay-TV subscription (or a friend willing to lend you an HBO Go login.)
The television landscape is changing dramatically. But HBO's business model isn't, at least for now. While this might be frustrating, TV fans can at least take solace from HBO's ongoing financial strength because it supports the kind of high quality content they love.
I'm starting it right here: TG;HTB -- Too good; had to blog (I know, it needs some work). But look at this: The image seen at right is the image that actually accompanied a press release sent out by the Fars News Agency, a state-run news service. "Iran unveiled a home-made unmanned flying saucer as well as a light sports aircraft in an exhibition of strategic technologies," the release opened.
Zohal, as the saucer has been named -- Persian for Saturn -- "can be used for various missions, specially for aerial imaging," according to the release. The country clearly considers it an important development: Zohal was unveiled at a ceremony attended by Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei. No word, though, on why it looks like something out of an old sci-fi movie. If you look closely, you can almost see Richard Dreyfuss standing among the trees.
The saucer, which Fars claims was designed and developed by the Iranian Aviation and Space Industries Association (IASIA) and the Farnas Aerospace Company, "is equipped with an auto-pilot system, GPS (Global Positioning System) and two separate imaging systems with full HD 10 mega-pixel picture quality and is able to take and send images simultaneously." All of those features could comfortable fit inside something the size of a shoebox -- with room leftover for a nice pair of shoes.
H/T Popular Science.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Protester Adam Nobody is appealing the sentence handed down to a Toronto police officer who beat him with a baton during the G20 summit in 2010.
Const. Babak Andalib-Goortani was convicted in September 2013 of assault with a weapon after Judge Louise Botham found he used excessive force during Nobody's arrest on June 26, 2010, on the lawn of the Ontario legislature.
Andalib-Goortani was originally sentenced to 45 days in jail and released on bail pending an appeal. The appeal judge, Superior Court Justice Brian O'Marra, upheld the conviction but overturned the jail time, giving him probation and 75 hours of community service.
Then followed the Toronto police disciplinary hearing, where Judge Lee Ferrier reduced the sentence even further to five days' docked pay, saying Andalib-Goortani “has already paid too large a price for his misdeeds.”
At a hearing Thursday before the Ontario Civilian Police Commission (OCPC), which hears appeals of police disciplinary decisions, Nobody called the sentence “ridiculous.”
“[Andalib-Goortani] should be dismissed immediately,” he said.
“I spent 30 days in jail as a victim. I've spent seven years trying to get a semblance of justice.
“[Andalib-Goortani] is a liar. He's of low moral character and tarnishes the police force … and weakens the trust of civilians.”
Nobody made much of letters presented at Andalib-Goortani's sentencing hearing from friends, family and his real estate agent, who said they feared for the officer, saying he is “psychologically fragile” and “suffering from severe depression.”
Nobody said Andalib-Goortani should not have a gun if he is that fragile.
“I beg of you to strip this criminal of his badge,” Nobody said.
Jean lu, counsel for the Office of the Independent Police Review Director (OIPRD), asked the panel to send the decision back because Ferrier made it on the basis of a factual error.
lu said the language and facts became watered down by the time the disciplinary hearing happened.
At the trial, Botham said Andalib-Goortani “gave forceful baton thrusts” and “stepped over the line.” But appeal judge O'Marra called Andalib-Goortani's blows “prodding Mr. Nobody with his baton,” and described the injuries, bruises and a broken nose, as “fleeting and physically minor in nature” and “barely over the line of wrongfulness.”
Andalib-Goortani didn't appear at the hearing, but his lawyer Harry Black said the officer's life “was turned upside down.”
He said all the disciplinary hearing needed to know was that Andalib-Goortani assaulted Nobody and whether the blows were forceful is irrelevant.
“He was a credit to the force,” Black said. “Three years of good works at 31 Division and then he was thrown into a nightmare in policing conditions.
“It turned out to be traumatic situation, and then the cruel and heartless sentence of 45 days. He's paid an enormous price.
“That penalty is fit. He's paid the price — a big price.”
Andalib-Goortani was the only officer convicted in connection with the G20 summit.
Related stories:
Toronto G20 police officer appeals conviction of assault with a weapon
Toronto cop found guilty of assaulting G20 protester back at work
No jail time for Toronto G20 police officer convicted of assault
After missing more than half of last season due to an injured left shoulder, Miami Heat guard Tyler Johnson again is sidelined due to that shoulder.
Coach Erik Spoelstra announced before Saturday night's game against the Milwaukee Bucks at AmericanAirlines Arena that Johnson is being listed as day-to-day with a strained left shoulder.
"He strained his left shoulder last game. He went through shootaround today. It did not get better," Spoelstra said.
Johnson missed eight games in December 2015 with strained left shoulder, then the final 35 of the 2015-16 regular season due to rotator cuff surgery on that left shoulder, before returning for the playoffs.
Downplaying the injury, Spoelstra said no X-ray or MRI had been taken of the latest injury, with none planned.
"He'll be day to day and then we'll go from there," Spoelstra said. "He went through a bunch of examinations here."
CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns.
Spoelstra said the team is uncertain how Johnson was injured, other than it occurred in Thursday's victory over the Dallas Mavericks.
"He doesn't know when," Spoelstra said. "I could see it bothering him in the fourth quarter. And then after the game, he was doing a lot of treatment and it didn't get much better."
With Justise Winslow, Josh Richardson, Josh McRoberts and Chris Bosh also unavailable to the team, the Heat last week were granted a roster exemption to add forward Okaro White on a 10-day contract as a 16th roster player, one above the NBA limit.
After initially downplaying Winslow's injury, Winslow was lost to season-ending surgery. Should Johnson miss two more games and then be deemed sidelined for at least two additional weeks, it would allow to the Heat to add yet another player, perhaps guard Briante Weber, who, like White, was a final cut of Heat training camp and then transitioned to the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Sioux Falls Skyforce.
Johnson's value
With his 23 points Thursday against the Mavericks, Johnson has nine career 20-point games off the bench.
The only players with more 20-point games off the bench in the franchise's 29 seasons are Kevin Edwards with 22, Michael Beasley with 12 and Hassan Whiteside with 10. As a matter of perspective, Ray Allen had nine such bench performances while with the Heat.
It is among the reasons Spoelstra has preferred to play Johnson in reserve.
"We're very open to where Tyler can continue to grow," Spoelstra said in the wake of Johnson's Thursday performance. "His confidence grows. He's fearless. He's such a relentless worker that who he is now, who he was two months ago, it's not going to be who is two months from now.
"He'll continue to improve. We want to embrace that. And he just gives us a great scoring punch and an energy guy off the bench."
Moving forward
Spoelstra said before Saturday's game that the recent uptick in his team's play goes back to previous downturns in close losses.
"All I know is this group has really been working at it," he said. "We've been in a lot of 'em. My experience is that experience is the best teacher, and you gain confidence from being in those situations over and over and over. Guys are a little bit more familiar with what we're trying to run, where the ball's going.
"And then we're understanding what winning plays actually are and how to make 'em, and how tough it is to win in this league. And you have to have so many of those winning plays, and you count on your teammates making those same kind of plays. I think we're getting better with it. I hope."
iwinderman@sunsentinel.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
A Theme Park, An Airport And The Next Banking Crisis
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chana Joffe-Walt/NPR Chana Joffe-Walt/NPR
The man responsible for averting another global economic meltdown has a small frame. He scribbles every other word and number he speaks onto a pad of paper. And he's got a really good name for the job.
“Angel,” he says. “I don't know how to pronounce it in English. Angel, like Charlie's Angels.”
Angel Borges is a Spanish banking consultant, and a few months ago he got a call requesting that he please assist in saving the Spanish banking system.
Europe's economy is showing signs of improvement, but Spain's banks are still in trouble. In a worst-case scenario, Spain's banks could collapse, and bring down the global economic recovery with them.
At the center of Spain's banking crisis are regional banks called cajas de ahorros. More than half of Spanish banking deposits are in cajas. And they're not run by bankers, but by local politicians and priests.
The cajas were safe, boring banks until a few years back, when Spain joined the euro. That allowed cajas to borrow money at very low rates, and lend it out to borrowers who wanted to profit from Spain's real estate bubble.
Cajas bankrolled huge housing and office projects, way outside of their local areas. One caja opened a theme park. Another caja opened an airport 120 miles from Madrid, in a region called La Mancha (of Don Quixote fame).
"It's as empty as it was in the time of Don Quixote,” says Luis Garicano of the London School of Economics. “It's a big plain. … And in the middle of that plain there's an airport to which nobody wants to fly.”
Which brings us to the part of the story you already know: It all fell apart. The real estate bubble popped, and cajas were left holding the bag.
The Spanish government decided that the way to lead the banks back from the brink was for the healthier cajas to merge with the sicker ones. The total number of cajas needed to fall from 46 to 12, the government said.
Angel had worked with a lot of the cajas before. So they hired him to facilitate the process -- to help them find each other.
“First of all we'll talk without any type of commitment,” Angel says. “Let's know each other. To see whether there ... there is a chemistry. And if there were some good looks between the two of them we will go along.”
Like an arranged marriage. And there were indeed good looks, there was chemistry. Until, inevitably, someone at the table would ask the question: When two cajas merge, which one gets to run the show? And, among the staff of the two cajas, who stays, and who goes?
“You don't need two accounting departments, you don't need two risk departments,” Angel says. “You only need one. And for that you need to fire some people.”
In some cases, that hasn't happened. In northwestern Spain, two cajas merged, and there are still two people doing every job, according to Luis Garicano. Two general directors, two finance heads.
The mergers were supposed to be completed as of January 1st. And for the most part, they were.
But even Angel, their matchmaker, said he is sure there will be more problems, and more mergers will be needed.
“I don't know if it's going to be next month or next 18 months or next three years," he says. "But they are going to have to.”
After just six weeks of hard work, Digg‘s new owners at Betaworks just flipped the switch and re-launched the site. The new Digg was originally scheduled to launch tomorrow, but despite the tight deadline, the Digg team managed to get this completely rewritten version of the site out ahead of schedule. As promised, the new version of Digg puts a strong emphasis on images and is currently free of ads. With this relaunch, Digg is also shipping a new iPhone app and mobile web app.
Why Relaunch In Just 6 Weeks? Old Digg Was Too Expensive To Run
Over the last few days, the Digg team already provided a few sneak peeks into the thought process that went into redesigning the site. Earlier today, I talked to Digg's new CEO John Borthwick who seemed genuinely surprised how much interest there still was in Digg. During our interview, he told me that one of the reasons why the team wanted to rebuild Digg as fast as it could was the simple fact that Digg's old infrastructure was very expensive to run. According to Borthwick, it would have cost “hundreds of thousands per month” to keep the site running on its old platform. Even though the site was state-of-the-art just a few years ago, most of the infrastructure would be considered legacy technology by a modern startup. Because of this, the new Digg team decided to throw away virtually all of the old underpinning of the site in favor of a fresh start. Borthwick wants to rebuild the company and to do so, he says, it's important to turn it back into startup mode and develop a completely new and modern platform to develop the new Digg on.
Digg + Facebook + Twitter
This means that all of Digg's voting algorithms are gone, too, but Borthwick said that users will be able to use their old Facebook-based Digg accounts on the new site and will be able to get back most of the data they put into Digg in its earlier incarnations in the near future. Just like in the last version of Digg, users will use Facebook to sign in to the site and vote. This Facebook integration also means that users' diggs will be posted on their Facebook timelines, by the way.
Digg's new algorithms now also look at signals from Twitter and Facebook. The team, however, stresses that it cares “first and foremost about what Digg users have to say — measured, as always, in diggs.” Similar to Techmeme‘s “tip @techmeme” system on Twitter, users can also submit tips to the site by using attaching “tip @digg” to their tweets.
One nice new feature of the site is that it's more deeply integrated with the iPhone app. There is now a button underneath every story that allows users to save a story and read it on the iPhone.
Focus Still on Tech, Science And Weird And Wonderful News
With Digg v4, the old team had strong aspirations to take the site mainstream, but as Borthwick told me, the new site will likely continue to be biased towards technology and science news, as well as the odd “weird and wonderful” story thrown in for good measure. While the voting algorithm is still the core of the product, a number of human moderators will also ensure that the content that appears on the frontpage remains relevant.
Here are Digg's plans for the next few months:
Image copyright AFP Image caption Venezuelan opposition deputy Amelia Belisario argues with national guard outside the Supreme Court in Caracas
There have been demonstrations in Venezuela after the Supreme Court took over legislative powers from the National Assembly.
Critics say the development takes the country closer to one-man rule under President Nicolas Maduro.
Luis Almagro, the secretary general of the Organisation of American States (OAS), described the move as the "final blow to democracy in the country".
The ruling effectively dissolves the elected legislature which has been dominated by the president's opponents.
Mr Almagro also described the move as a "self-inflicted coup" by Mr Maduro's government.
It comes after months of consolidation of power by the country's president, who is locked in a political struggle with the centre-right opposition.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The president's supporters took part in a demonstration on Tuesday against the OAS
What has happened?
On Thursday the Venezuelan Supreme Court seized power from the opposition-led legislature, a move that could essentially allow it to write laws itself.
The court justified the move by saying the National Assembly's lawmakers were "in a situation of contempt" after allegations of electoral irregularities by three opposition lawmakers during the 2015 elections.
It did not indicate if or when it might hand power back.
The court had previously backed the leftist president in his struggles with the legislature - on Tuesday removing parliamentary immunity from the Assembly's members.
The move is the latest example of the socialist President Maduro tightening his grip on power, which critics say he has been doing for months, amid a deepening economic crisis in the country.
The National Assembly's lawmakers were pictured scuffling with members of the National Guard while protesting outside the court on Thursday.
The Speaker of Venezuela's National Assembly, Julio Borges, addressed the media outside the legislative palace in Caracas.
He urged the army, which has so far supported the president, to take a stand against him.
In a tweet, jailed opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez called on people to take to the streets in order to "reject dictatorship and rescue democracy".
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The Assembly's Speaker, Julio Borges, tore up a copy of the judgement by the Supreme Court
What has the reaction been?
The crisis has raised international alarm about the stability of Venezuela, which has undergone three attempted military coups since 1992.
The US state department called the court's move "a serious setback for democracy."
Most regional powers including Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Peru and Chile have warned that the action is a threat to Venezuelan democracy.
Leftist-led Bolivia defended President Maduro, who has yet to comment publicly.
Venezuela's foreign ministry accused critics of the government of forming a right-wing regional pact against President Maduro.
Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez described the OAS is a pawn of US "imperialism".
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption A student protesting against President Maduro on a protest on Caracas's main highway
Why is Venezuela in crisis?
Tensions have been high in Venezuela because the country has been engulfed by a severe economic crisis.
It has the world's highest inflation rate, and the International Monetary Fund predicts it could reach 1,660% next year.
The government and opposition blame each other for the country's economic problems.
President Maduro has become increasingly unpopular, and the opposition has called for his removal from office and fresh elections.
Aberdeen full-back Shay Logan has signed a new contract at Pittodrie.
The Englishman put pen to paper which will see him remain at the club until the summer of 2020.
The 29-year-old, who has made 123 appearances and scored nine goals, signed for the Dons in 2014 after a successful loan period.
Shay Logan told the Aberdeen FC website: “The reason I am staying is because of the way I have been treated by the club and the fans during the time I have been here.
“I have been looked after very well.
“I am happy to be here so the new deal was very welcome.
“I am glad the club and the manager have faith in me and that they want me to stick around.”
The Dons boss was also delighted at the news.
Derek McInnes said: “It's clear how much he enjoys it here at Pittodrie and how much affection he has for the supporters.
“I'm sure fans would join me in applauding the commitment he has shown.”
In the round-up: the FIA is to restrict how teams use their exhaust-blown diffusers.
Links
Top F1 links from the past 24 hours:
Teams get reprieve over blown diffusers (Autosport)
“It is understood that the FIA is keen for the off-throttle usage to be stamped out as soon as it can be implemented without causing further complications for the teams.”
Neel Jani on Twitter
“Really worked my neck out on Sunday with over 400km testing in Red Bull Racing's RBR7 F1 car! What a machine it is!”
Mark Webber on Twitter
“Ducati boys gave me a little bit of work today for a few laps.”
Via the F1 Fanatic live Twitter app
Witness – Expelled from Bahrain, a nation now in fear (Reuters)
“Reuters correspondent Frederik Richter left Bahrain on Tuesday, a week after the government announced it was expelling him from the Gulf kingdom for his coverage of a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators.”
Spanish GP – A third trip to Barcelona (Ferrari)
“Continuing with the car development, the 150?�?? Italia will be fitted with new floor configurations in Spain, along with modifications to the front and rear wings. Much of the development work has centred on improving the car?������s performance over a single lap in qualifying, a phrase that maybe sounds like a mantra now, as it has been the case since the start of the season and actually during previous years too.”
Adam Cooper on Twitter
“Former F1 privateer Pete Lovely has died at the age of 85. The American started seven Grands Prix between 1960 and '71, mostly in his Lotus 49B.”
Via the F1 Fanatic live Twitter app
Formula One Fantasy – Toro Rosso's Jaime Alguersuari (F1)
“Q: If you could choose one former world champion as your teammate, who would you choose and why?
JA: Sebastian Vettel. There is much to learn from him. At the moment he is the best driver on the grid – and if you could beat him you would be even better than him!”
Follow F1 news as it breaks using the F1 Fanatic live Twitter app.
Comment of the day
Graeme Hunter remembers watching the 1981 Belgian Grand Prix:
I was nine, and the start-line incident horrified me, I didn't?������t watch F1 for about a year afterwards, having started watching when I was four. Obviously as a fan of motor racing at that time, I?������d seen plenty of crashes, but this was something different, really affected me.
Graeme Hunter
From the forum
Damon Smedley is looking for an F1-related name for a kitten.
Happy birthday!
No F1 Fanatic birthdays today. If you want a birthday shout-out tell us when yours is by emailling me, using Twitter or adding to the list here.
On this day in F1
Lotus started their first race on this day at Monaco in 1958.
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Gail Collins: David, your writing on health care has been incredibly thoughtful, so I'm going to take this opportunity to poke you a little. Then I'll shut up so you can talk.
The other week I said I agreed with you about the critical importance of cost controls. Then I asked — O.K., I sort of demanded — that you denounce the Republican leaders in the Senate who were flinging around proposals to make it illegal to investigate cost controls at all. You basically said that was a stupid thing to do, but that the Republicans weren't really the problem since they aren't in charge.
A single-payer system would be far and away the most cost effective answer.
But actually, they are. And so are we. The reason the country can't solve the health care mess is because the people with the biggest bullhorns don't speak honestly and clearly about it. Nobody understands the Democratic plan, and that scares the public. The irresponsible Republicans are just waiting to make whatever comes out sound terrible. The responsible Republicans are working to come up with a compromise that's going to be even more incoherent than the Democratic version.
My version of reality is that:
A.) Since something like a third of the cost of health care is in administration, and the problem with reorganizing health care has to do with all the multitudinous plans and policies, a single-payer system would be far and away the most cost effective answer. We don't talk much about it because it isn't politically possible. But it isn't politically possible because we don't talk about it. The opponents of a public plan are afraid that people would all gradually migrate toward it, causing the insurance industry as we know it to wither away. Wouldn't that be a good thing?
B.) There have to be limits on what doctors can prescribe. The president pretends the only limit will be on useless tests and drugs that have an equally good, cheaper alternative. But useless and equally good are in the eye of the beholder.
There are already limits unless you have a really, really good insurance plan, but a lot of the country either has very good coverage or imagines their coverage is good because they haven't really tested it. They're afraid of change. Yelling “rationing” every three seconds totally poisons the discussion. And that is no little matter.
I've already gone on longer than I promised, so there's no C.
David Brooks: Gail, as you know, I begin and end my days by reciting Congressional Budget Office reports. I even put on tefillin, just to make it seem holy. So let me begin my reply with the sentence from the latest report. It's from a section in which the C.B.O. analyzes what the House plan, with the strong public program and all the rest, would do to health care inflation:
The net cost of the coverage provisions would be growing at a rate of more than 8 percent per year in nominal terms between 2017 and 2019; we would anticipate a similar trend in the subsequent decade.
This is devastating. The plan was sold as a way to bend the cost curve, to reduce the rate of health care cost growth. Instead, the cost of the plan to the federal budget would rise by 8 percent a year, and there wouldn't be anything close to offsetting revenues to pay for it.
I'm not crazy about the public plan, but I'm not vociferously against it either.
This is a loud trumpet for all health care reformers. Start over. Get serious about costs. We can either pass this kind of reform and bankrupt the country or we can pass another kind of reform. End of story.
Now that I've got that out of my system, let me say I admire your get-serious list (though my sixth grade teacher once said that if you have an A and B, you should also have a C).
I'm not crazy about the public plan. I dislike the idea of the government competing in a marketplace it regulates. I think the temptation to subsidize the public entity will be overwhelming. But I'm not vociferously against it either. That's because:
A.) I'm not that thrilled with the insurance companies.
B.) I think it will save money, but not that much (the C.B.O. agrees).
C.) (!) I think it will produce small administrative efficiencies.
Democratic politicians throw around statistics claiming that Medicare has much, much lower administrative costs than private insurers. I've been told by various economists that this claim is three-quarters trickery. It's a lot cheaper to administer a targeted population that uses a lot of care than it is to administer a large population that uses little care per capita. Plus you can save a lot of administrative costs if you don't actually regulate treatments that much.
As for your second point, that there should be limits on what doctors can prescribe, I say: “Amen to that.”
If I had to add a few other items to the list, I'd say putting a serious cap on the tax exemption is the way to measure the seriousness of a reform proposal. Without that, it's not serious. And finally, I'd say that there have to be cost conscious consumers within a closely regulated market. Unless you get proper incentives for both providers and consumers, I doubt you're going to get very far. In the current plans, all the emphasis is on the providers.
There's a group called the Fresh Thinking Project, which has a sensible list of reform ideas.
I'd only add in closing that the health care system is as big as the entire British economy. There is no way something that big and complex and dynamic can be run out of Washington. We have to try to set up a dynamic system, not trying to establish a set of rules to be imposed by fiat. The smart reformers at the Office of Management and Budget are aware of this. I'm not sure the congressional staffs are.
On December 4th of this year, Italy's citizens will vote on a popular referendum to implement some constitutional reforms meant at securing the future of the country's financial and economic stability. A 'Yes' vote will achieve these measures, while a 'No' vote will reject them. In the case of a 'No' outcome, Italy's prime minister Matteo Renzi has promised to step down. A 'No' vote is also seen by many investors as signaling volatility and instability in Italy's financial sector, which could send markets plummeting in the country, and also increase the chances of Italy leaving the European Union (EU) a la Brexit - which could further damage the euro. All of this could be bad news for the euro and European markets, but it could be bullish for Bitcoin. Here is why: (For more, see: Italian Banks' Future Hinges on December Vote)
Bank Runs and Liquidity Issues
If Italians vote 'No,' there may a rush by its citizens to pull cash out of banks before they fail. The Financial Times has estimated that eight Italian banks may fail in the event of a 'No' vote, banks which are already on shaky ground. As customers rush to pull out their cash, a bank run may ensue, as there may be more demand for deposits than actual money on hand, putting these banks in an even more precarious situation. Banks may stop allowing withdrawals from branches and ATMs, and the resulting lack of liquidity could cause even more troubles. (See also: Basics For Buying And Investing In Bitcoin)
When banks are no longer seen as safe, people may turn to bitcoin to store value, and the demand for bitcoin can send its price higher than the current $765. Bitcoin, being borderless and with no central bank to oversee it would be immune from fluctuations in the Italian economy or a decline in the euro, insofar as it could absorb the new demand.
The Bottom Line
OBJECTIVE
Welcome to Objective Europa
We are team of architects, designers, former NASA-specialists, scientists and dreamers who are looking into answering one question: is a crewed mission to Jovian moon Europa possible?
At this stage we are not trying to get funded doing this, not trying to rule out the potential for robotic missions – but simply performing research and concepts for this idea.
The ideas behind Objective Europa is sending human beings to Jupiter's icy moon, Europa, on a one way mission expanding the borders of exploration and knowledge for all mankind – while continuing the search of extraterrestrial life.
The starting point of Objective Europa is purely theoretical (Phase I) but will move into more advanced phases including prototyping, technology try-outs, and eventually a crewed launch – if we conclude that such a mission is possible.
Objective Europa is a crowd-researched project made up of an international team of volunteers. Many people from a wide range of backgrounds have already joined and become a vital part of the mission. We encourage you to join us and help in any area you are interested in. You do not have to be a rocket scientist or astrobiologist; site maintenance, social media control, conference arrangement, lobbying (and much more) are equally important tasks.
The destination for this crewed mission is Jupiter's sixth closest moon, Europa. Its deep ocean and active geology provide a solid platform for extraterrestrial life, making Europa one of the most enticing locations to explore in the solar system. The 600 day flight required to reach Europa is manageable with today's technology, and the many challenges of such a mission pose a perfect starting point for new research and innovative thinking.
If you find ice and water more appealing than Martian deserts, we invite you to join our project and help us take the first steps towards exploring Europa.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK – TWITTER – GOOGLE+ – VKontake
“Okay, I'll go back. But no Jesus stuff this time.”
What exactly does it take to make a 4-year-old declare that she's all done with Jesus stuff? Bait-and-switch evangelism.
Here's what happened.
The Tragedy Begins
It's the day before Easter. And, unexpectedly for the northwest, it's a beautiful, sunny Saturday afternoon. So, my little girls grab their mom and head down the street to a church that is hosting an Easter carnival. Holding hands, they skip down the sidewalk with images of Easter egg hunts, candy, and cheap carnival games dancing through their young minds, never knowing what is really in store for them.
(This would be a good place to picture a dark cloud suddenly drifting in front of the bright, spring sun, casting a shadow across our happy scene. Or, just imagine some ominous music playing in the background. Either way, you get the point.)
Arriving at the church, the first thing they see is a big booth set up for face painting. Now, I have to admit that I've never understood the allure of face painting. But, for little girls, The thought of having someone smear cheap paint all over their faces in a way that vaguely resembles a flying bug is nearly irresistible.
So, they stop. And the tragedy begins.
Because, of course, this is the Gospel booth. And, from the Gospel booth there is no escape. It's kind of like the Twilight Zone.
The Gospel Zone
Almost as soon as the girls sit down, one of the volunteers launches into the Gospel story. And my girls sit through it patiently. They've heard it before, but they're too polite to interrupt. And, from the enthusiastic presentation, my wife suspects that they might be the only new people the church has seen all afternoon. She doesn't want to ruin the fun. So they listen to the story.
Twice.
That's right. Apparently they weren't sure that my girls caught everything the first time. And they really wanted it to stick. So, as soon as they were done with the story, they launched into it again.
The Twilight Zone does not surrender its victims easily.
Emerging from the Gospel booth almost 30 minutes later, they discover that the carnival is over. No more candy. No more games. No Easter egg hunt. They've missed it all.
Bait-and-switch strikes again.
The Old Switcharoo
Bait-and-switch evangelism is any time we tell people that they are getting one thing, and then we slip them the Gospel while they are there. Want some candy? Sure, come and get it. Oh, by the way, you'll have to sit and listen to this story first.
Are we trying to make little kids hate the Gospel?
Why do we do this? Deep down, are we that afraid that they won't want to hear? Do we doubt the power of the message that much? Do we think the Spirit can't handle things?
And, what are we subtly communicating to ourselves and to other people about the Gospel when we do this? I'm afraid that we're hinting that we really don't think that the Gospel is all that. If I'm really convinced that I have the most amazing story that will transform your life forever, I'm not going to invite you over to my church for a football game and then try to slip it in between commercials. I'm going to invite you over to hear the story.
Now, there's nothing wrong with parties, carnivals, football games, or any of the various ways that churches can connect with their communities, share life together, and allow the world to see a redeemed community in action. That must be done. And, along the way, we will have opportunities to share the Gospel as an organic expression of living in community together. But, that's very different from the bait-and-switch.
When we trick people into hearing the Gospel, we annoy them and we undermine the very message that we're seeking to promote. I'm sure it works at times, but pragmatic effectiveness is not an adequate measure for appropriate Kingdom living.
The quote at the beginning of this post? That came from my daughter one year later. A full year after her experience at the Easter carnival, she remembered what happened the last time she stepped into the Gospel zone, and she wasn't about to let it happen again.
No more Jesus stuff for her.
The bait-and-switch at its finest.
Advertisements
Only a few days short of her upcoming Joanne world tour, Lady Gaga shared a completely new hair look on Instagram, topping even the other surprising hair transformation she flaunted in June: shorter rainbow hair. While many of her loyal Little Monsters are loving the new look, others are crying foul, comparing it to that of a fellow celeb — Hayley Williams of Paramore.
It left much of social media wondering: Did Gaga straight up copy?
The 31-year-old megastar now has a vibrant mix of green, yellow, orange, and red in her hair — almost the spitting image of what Williams unveiled a few years ago. Right away, a Twitter account by the name of @Pmore_Source reposted Gaga's new look side-by-side with Williams's and the caption, “Lady Gaga new hair more like hayley 2014.”
Lady Gaga new hair more like hayley 2014 pic.twitter.com/kZiRnQ00yf — Paramore Source (@Pmore_Source) July 29, 2017
The post has received over 6,000 likes and over 1,000 shares since Saturday. As far as the accusation itself goes, many people came to Gaga's defense.
Gaga looks gorgeous and radiant, Hayley (whoever she is) looks like a Halsey wannabe — devon joanne gang (@devonmonster95) July 29, 2017
Anyway Gaga hair isn't done and she has these colors in her hair way before 2014 — jalin (@tomquackson_) July 30, 2017
There were also others who mentioned being fans of both the looks, and how neither of them actually invented it.
gaga didn't invent it first and tbfh nobody cares its hair I'm sure thousands of people did the same hairstyle — tyler misses atl (@riotcoloured) July 30, 2017
Gorgeous both! — Mariella (@yelyahbondoc) July 30, 2017
Love them both, I ain't sorry — valeria gaga; (@helvaleriex) July 30, 2017
It turns out that even Williams is a fan of Gaga's new look, as she joined in on the social media feud by leaving the comment “lovin it” under the post.
lovin it — hayley from Paramore (@yelyahwilliams) July 30, 2017
Yahoo Beauty has not been able to confirm whether Gaga's hair was copied or even inspired by Williams's, but this much is for certain: Both women really love to get creative when it comes to hair color. Also, this is far from being one of Gaga's first hair switch-ups, and it's sure to not be her last.
Read more from Yahoo Style + Beauty:
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day. For Twitter updates, follow @YahooStyle and @YahooBeauty.
A 32-year-old Antigo woman convicted of having sex with boy under the age of 16 during an underage drinking party she hosted in December 2014 will spend six years in prison.
Carissa Drake was convicted of second degree sexual assault of a child and obstructing an officer at a trial in February.
According to court documents, a juvenile told investigators she had witnessed Drake sexually assault two juveniles, then ages 13 and 14, during a party in December 2014. According to criminal complaint Drake was cited in December after she reportedly hosted an underage drinking party.
Both victims were interviewed by police in March 2015. Both admitted there had been sexual contact. According to court documents, one said he was very uncomfortable with what happened. The other said Drake knew he was 13.
Drake will receive credit for 112 days already spent in custody. She'll spend six years on extended supervision upon her release.
I have put way more time into this game than I care to admit. It is simple yet fun, the hallmarks for success. I have it almost always running on my Vita. Since it is a low hardware stress game, it is the most trouble free thing I've ever used by just pausing and putting the Vita on standby. I can pick it back up in 2 minutes or tomorrow, and everything is just like I took a simple pause from back in the day. I love it for that fact alone. I can pick it up and put it down at my leisure with no lost time due to saving, loading, crashed games that were left open, or any of the usual problems. I bought this to continue my experience from the first FS for Vita. They made some improvements and some missteps in this iteration. This is a very basic game, don't expect much pomp and circumstance at all. It is a port after all. The AI is horrible, needs constant sitting, and makes many mistakes. The environment seems to hold you up with obstacles even if you are using the smallest or largest equipment. It just doesn't seem like it was fully tested, if at all. I cannot convey just how simple the interface, graphics, and premise are (think back to something you ran circa Win98), yet the game is still highly enjoyable for those that love sim games and/or farming. Plat is a rewarding grind for once. The best part is having facebook does nothing for you! You don't need to recruit (hassle) friends to improve your situation. There isn't even an option to link it to facebook. How weird! I am looking forward to FS15 due Q1 of 2015, and it will be a day one purchase for me as long as it is less than $30. It is worth that price to me simply for the amount of time you can spend with it. I've dumped more time into this game than most AAA titles I play. No multiplayer, no fluff, no problems. I'm sure they'll get around to adding all of those mistakes soon, but for now, I'm happy.
PARIS — Satellite fleet operator ABS on Sept. 10 said its ABS-3A satellite, the world's first all-electric commercial telecommunications spacecraft, has reached final geostationary position and begun operations six months after its launch.
Bermuda-based ABS said the satellite's entry into service occurred about one month ahead of schedule.
The advantage of all-electric satellites is their low launch mass, allowing the purchase of less-expensive launch services or, in the case of ABS, enabling satellite operators to launch two satellites at a time depending on the rocket selected. The disadvantage is that they take months to reach geostationary position, rather than a couple of weeks for satellites with chemical propellant.
ABS-3A was launched in March aboard a Falcon 9 rocket operated by SpaceX of Hawthorne, California. The 1,950-kilogram satellite was paired with the slightly heavier Eutelsat 115 West B, which weighed 2,200 kilograms, for a launch that became a showcase for how even smaller fleet operators can trim capital expenditures with smart buying practices.
ABS and Satmex secured favorable contract terms from Boeing both as inaugural customers for the all-new Boeing 702SP design, and because of the commitment to a minimum four-satellite order.
Paris-based Eutelsat said Eutelsat 115 West B is scheduled to arrive at its operating station, 115 degrees west longitude, by late September and to commence service in October, with the heavier mass accounting for the one-month difference in arrival times between the two satellites.
ABS-3A carries 24 C-band and 24 Ku-band transponders and is expected to provide telecommunications to the Americas, Africa, Europe and the Middle East for at least 15 years.
ABS and fleet operator Satmex of Mexico — since purchased by Eutelsat — in March 2012 were the talk of the satellite telecommunications industry following their contract with Boeing Space and Intelligence Systems of El Segundo, California, and with SpaceX. The contract included four firm satellite orders and options, with the first four satellites — two for ABS, two for Satmex — paired on Falcon 9 launches.
The second pair of satellites, ABS-2A and Eutelsat 117 West B, had been awaiting a launch in late 2015 aboard a Falcon 9 before that vehicle's June failure put the Falcon 9 schedule on hold. ABS said it is now hoping for a launch in early 2016.
Industry officials at the time said ABS and Satmex paid about $90 million for each satellite, with the two evenly dividing the cost of a $60 million Falcon 9 launch.
Building and launching satellites carrying 40-plus transponders for around $120 million apiece was unheard of at the time of the contract signing. Since then, other satellite builders, especially Airbus Defence and Space of Europe, have plowed resources into their own all-electric designs and have won commercial orders.
Boeing has struggled to repeat its ABS/Satmex success, in part because the value proposition of its all-electric design depends on committing two satellites to a single Falcon 9 launch. That means finding customers whose schedules are sufficiently aligned to permit them to undertake satellite construction and launch in tandem. As Boeing has discovered since 2012, this is no easy task.
Boeing had booked an order with PSN of Indonesia, but the contract was conditioned on Boeing finding another customer to share a Falcon 9 launch. No such customer was found, and the contract was canceled.
More recently, ABS ordered another all-electric 702SP satellite from Boeing and said it was not dependent on finding a co-passenger. But the contract, for the ABS-8 satellite, was suspended following the July closure of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, whose operating authorization by Congress was not renewed.
Without export-credit agency financing, ABS is now reviewing its options, Chief Executive Thomas Choi has said.
Most members of Congress have expressed support for Ex-Im and there is likely to be an attempt to reauthorize it this autumn.
April 12, 2016
So the signs of a new resistance are welcome. Olivier Besançenot and François Sabado are members of the New Anticapitalist Party (NPA). Besancenot has twice run for president as a revolutionary socialist, winning approximately 1.5 million votes both times. Today, he works in the post office, appears regularly on French television and is an author. Sabado is a veteran writer and organizer on the French revolutionary left. In this article originally published at the NPA's website and translated here by Todd Chretien, Besancenot and Sabado explain what's changed in the French political and social situation to make this movement possible.
This change in the political climate comes after a whole period when momentum was with the right. The left and unions have been on the defensive in recent years as the Socialist Party government, led by President François Hollande, has adopted neoliberal policies that exacerbated economic stagnation. Unemployment has remained above 9 percent since 2009--in January, it stood at 10.2 percent. Following the Charlie Hebdo killings and the November terrorist attacks in Paris, mainstream parties, from the ruling Socialists to the far-right National Front party, have whipped up a wave of anti-immigrant racism and Islamophobia, leading to unprecedented levels of vigilante violence and police sweeps, all under the guise of a virtually permanent state of emergency. Most worrying of all, the National Front won more than 27 percent of the total vote in regional elections in November, taking in 6.8 million votes.
A new round of mass protests is shaking France under the slogan "Nuit Debout" (Up All Night). The nightly demonstrations, similar in some ways to the Indignados protests in Spain in 2011 and the Occupy movement in the U.S., follow several massive mobilizations to protest the government's plan to rewrite the country's labor laws.
ON MARCH 31, 1 million people took to the streets to demonstrate their opposition to a new labor reform law proposed by French President François Hollande of the ruling Socialist Party. Previously, on March 9, around 500,000 people protested in more than 250 towns and cities across the country. This represents a national popular mobilization comprised of youth, retirees, workers, high school and university students, truck drivers and more. The most important feature is the emergence of a new generation participating not only in school and campus protests and strikes, but also in workplace and union actions.
Make no mistake, even if the movement expresses itself differently in each country, there is a commonality between the millions of young people who occupied the centers of Spain's biggest cities under the banner of the Indignados, those participating in the new left-wing Podemos party, and the youth who took part in the Occupy Wall Street movement in the United States. This new round of youth radicalization was also expressed in the anti-climate change protests [which had to defy governmental bans imposed in the wake of the November terrorist attacks] at the international COP 21 conference in Paris last December.
A Nuit Debout protest fills the streets of Paris (Nicholas Vigier)
What unites and brings together all of these struggles is that they constitute the first rejection of the government's labor reform law, which represents a threat on the scale of an "atomic bomb" to a wide range of rights and social gains. The governmental left is daring to carry out what the most reactionary right never had the nerve to try: Namely, the destruction of the Labor Code--laws, decrees, regulations--won over the course of dozens of struggles and social conflicts to protect workers from capitalist exploitation.
Until now, the provisions of the Labor Code have taken precedence over corporate agreements, individual employment contracts, waivers and even the new Labor Law--sometimes called El Khomri's Law after the Socialist Party Minister of Labor, Myriam El Khomri. The proposed changes would reverse the hierarchy of social norms, subordinating social rights to the "proper functioning of the company."
Thus, based on the bosses' goodwill and blackmailed by unemployment, local agreements between management and workers will set the length of the workday, wages and layoffs without reference to some existing regulations. The end of the 35-hour workweek will force employees to work longer for less. And if profits fall, the boss can increase hours while holding wages down over the course of a year. In other words, the new reform means making every aspect of work precarious. Taking all this into account, the powerful reactions of the labor movement and youth are easy to understand.
THE GOVERNMENT should take heed when polls show that 70 percent of the French population opposes the bill, and a petition on social media has already gathered more than 1.2 million signatures. Since then, the movement has taken off because people are not only angry about the labor reform, but are also rising up against the long-term impact of the capitalist crisis: the explosion of inequality, social injustice, austerity policies, basing economic life on capitalist profitability and competition, and production's blind destruction of the environment.
These socioeconomic grievances have merged with demands in defense of democracy and against a now-failed constitutional amendment proposed by Hollande that threatened to strip citizenship from those accused of terrorism--a proposal that would only serve to stigmatize a whole section of the immigrant population. More austerity, discrimination and racism--enough is enough. The dam is breaking, and the people are in the streets!
And new forms of struggles are being developed, such as occupations of symbolic locations after big protests. Thousands of youth are taking part in an initiative called "Up All Night" ("Nuit debout" in French) in the Place de la République--the central square in Paris. In response to a call launched by a collective of journalists, intellectuals and activists, thousands of people without any union or political affiliation have joined in, occupying the squares and discussing politics for many hours. Now these thousands of youth have decided to keep going.
All in all, this movement may take on a new dimension as it is embedded in a new conjunction of social and political crisis. This movement of the youth and the labor movement comes at a time when Hollande and the government are as weak as they have ever been. Hollande was forced to retreat and cancel his proposed constitutional amendment regarding citizenship. But suddenly, for thousands of young people and workers, this retreat may lead to demands for more instead of demobilization.
In effect, this is developing into a showdown between the government and the youth, workers and unions who reject the bill. For its part, the government has succeeded in partially dividing labor by securing the support of the CFDT (the French Confederation of Democratic Labor). But a majority of the trade unions--the CGT (General Confederation of Workers), FO (Workers Force), FSU (United Union Federation) and Solidaires (or SUD--United Democratic Solidarity)--continues to demand the withdrawal of the labor reform law, emboldened by widespread support among workers. In the meantime, parliamentary debate on the bill will go on until June, and some sort of legislative "accident" cannot be excluded whereby the government fails to even support its own proposal, thus opening up a national political crisis.
More protests are scheduled for the coming weeks. This movement is going to continue, deepen and harden, raising the potential for a showdown with the government. It poses the question of how to articulate the links between a generalized movement that mobilizes the majority of the population with these new forms of struggle--in particular, the occupation of public places and specific areas, and blockades that disrupt business as usual. How can unite trade union action and forms of self-organization of the youth and workers be combined? How can we restore the strength and credibility, not only of the national strike days, but also put forward a perspective for prolonged strikes if the government does not withdraw the draft labor reform? These are the questions we must now face.
Translation by Todd Chretien. First published at the NPA website.
True story: In 2011 I had to beg Samantha Bee to set up a Twitter account. “Had to,” because it was my job as the editor of the column she co-authored with comedian and Full Frontal correspondent Allana Harkin for a popular parenting website; “beg,” because she just wasn't into it. In my memory the conversation went like this:
“Please?” “No.” “Please?” “It's just not what I do.”
Back then Bee was best known for delivering deadpan field pieces as a correspondent on Jon Stewart's The Daily Show. Why bother with 140-character missives to Troll Island? I told her what we told all writers: Twitter would help her “grow her audience,” that it wouldn't take over her life. When she finally decided to give it a go, I breathed a sigh of relief.
Turns out she didn't need my help growing her audience. Today, as the host of her own weekly hit show on TBS, Full Frontal With Samantha Bee, in which she frequently admonishes our president, a man she once called “a failed QVC steak salesman,” Bee has cultivated her own massive following. But despite the Twitter frenzy her shows frequently incite, she says she rarely checks her mentions. “It's just better for the psyche,” she says.
The Bee All, End All “I've spent decades trying to impress people, and I just don't want to do it anymore,” Bee says. “I no longer care about being rejected.”
Sportmax coat. Mugler earrings.
I'm relieved when she tells me this. For one, it means that I did not totally ruin Samantha Bee's life. And more important, it means that she's taking care of herself, which is good. Because, my God, how the rest of us need her.
In this blistering political climate, Full Frontal has become a weekly necessity for many Ameri­can women, one we down like recreational meds. Crushed by the election of President Handsy? Take one morning-after monologue. Depressed by a bunch of (congress)men defunding family planning clinics? Find hope in a segment on bipartisan cooperation solving the rape-kit backlog in Georgia. Furious/disgusted/terrified over mobs of white nationalists armed with “alternative facts” and tiki torches and, oh yeah, guns? Run. And later, when you have time for the feels, find them reflected by someone who looks every bit as heartbroken as you are when she says, “America is going bonkers for 2017's hottest summer trend: white pride! It's back!” Purposeful beat. “Because it never left.”
That someone, of course, is Samantha Bee, a ­lightning-brained, razor-tongued frontwoman for our collective conscience. Beaming weekly from a set bright enough to be mistaken for the afterlife, the 48-year-old Canadian transplant delivers sermons so packed with fury and facts they often require repeat viewings. “Sam has the rare ability to make you laugh at the same time she's stoking your outrage,” says U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren (D–Mass.). “She's more than a comedian—she's an instigator and an advocate. Sam doesn't just point out injustice; she gets people fired up. Every time I watch her show, I want to stand up and cheer.”
Senator Warren isn't the only one: As late-night television has reemerged as a major driver of the national conversation, Full Frontal's numbers have soared, almost doubling its average viewership. Among Bee's (almost entirely male) competition, she's seen the greatest post-Trump audience increase. And when she decided to honor the free press in April by highlighting their work with Not the White House Correspondents' Dinner, the special garnered higher ratings than the actual White House Correspondents' telecasts—and went on to win the Emmy for outstanding writing in a variety special.
There's a certainty to Bee, a feeling that she's materialized into exactly what she's been aiming for her whole life. One would never guess she'd stumbled into acting looking for an easy A in college at the University of Ottawa, a stroke of luck that would lead to her co-founding the all women comedy troupe Atomic Fireballs with Harkin, and meeting her future husband, Jason Jones, when they were in a play together. Years later, having landed very few roles, she was just about to give up on her acting career entirely when her agent called, saying The Daily Show was auditioning for a female correspondent.
At a victory celebration early Wednesday, supporters of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu began to chant, “You are the magician!”
After a resounding clutch-time comeback in Israel's parliamentary elections, Netanyahu is poised to serve a record fourth term as prime minister. If he makes it through the full four-year term, his time in office could exceed that of Israel's longest-serving leader, the country's founder, ­David Ben-Gurion.
Netanyahu will form his next government after a bruising campaign that exposed him to charges of racism and hysteria, for his complaint that “droves” of Arab Israeli citizens were voting and his warning that his opponents would welcome the militant Islamist group Hamas to the edges of Jerusalem.
On Wednesday, Netanyahu and his Likud party began negotiating a new coalition government, which will probably be buttressed by nationalists, religious Zionists, populist former Likudniks, the pro-settlement camp, and two religious parties that represent ­ultra-Orthodox Jews and are overseen by powerful rabbis.
[How Netanyahu won — and what happens now]
1 of 21 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Netanyahu wins decisive victory in Israeli election View Photos A voter in Israel's parliament election. Caption The prime minister overcame a strong challenge from a center-left alliance, paving the way for a fourth term. March 17, 2015 Likud party supporters celebrate exit poll results at the party's election headquarters in Tel Aviv. Oded Balilty/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
But the next Netanyahu government will face a host of challenges at home, on its borders and abroad. On Monday, in the heat of the campaign, Netanyahu made the sensational promise that he would not support the creation of a Palestinian state as long as he was prime minister, a stunning reversal of his earlier stance supporting a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict.
His announcement convinced many Netanyahu skeptics that this has been the prime minister's true position all along and that he has wasted American time and patience by pretending to endorse two states. The creation of a Palestinian state was the focus of nine months of negotiations last year led by Secretary of State John F. Kerry.
[Netanyahu win points to two more years of strained U.S.-Israel ties]
In Europe, leaders frustrated by more than four decades of military occupation in the West Bank and the repeated failures of peace talks have begun to openly debate employing sanctions against Israel to push for a sovereign Palestinian state, which Netanyahu now vows he would never allow.
More trouble — in the guise of resolutions and condemnations of Israel's human rights record — could await Netanyahu in the international community. The United Nations said Wednesday that it expects Israel to continue with the Middle East peace process to negotiate a Palestinian state.
Reacting to Netanyahu's win, the Palestinian leadership in Ramallah promised Wednesday to go to the International Criminal Court at The Hague on April 1 to press war crimes charges­ against Israeli soldiers and leaders, focusing on the civilian deaths during the 50-day war in Gaza during the summer and the continued construction of Jewish settlements in the Israeli-occupied West Bank.
For his part, Netanyahu has said in the past that it is war crimes and terror attacks by Hamas that the United Nations should be condemning.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pledged to form a new governing coalition quickly after an upset election victory that was built on a shift to the right. (Reuters)
[What Netanyahu's win means for the Palestinians]
The election was closely watched in Washington, where relations are strained between Netanyahu and the White House after the prime minister gave a speech to Congress two weeks ago opposing the Obama administration's possible deal with Iran to rein in Tehran's nuclear program.
Netanyahu, who has made the fight against a nuclear Iran the centerpiece of his foreign policy, will probably side with congressional Republicans again and clash with President Obama if Kerry secures what the prime minister considers “a bad deal.”
In Lausanne, Switzerland, where Iran and the United States are holding nuclear talks, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif described Netanyahu's victory as a step “backwards” for Israel and the region.
Netanyahu will probably not care what the Iranians say. He has called Iran's leaders “wolves in sheep's clothing” and said they answer not to their citizens but to Holocaust-denying ayatollahs committed to Israel's annihilation.
Kerry called Netanyahu on Wednesday morning to congratulate him. Israeli news media spent the day speculating on when Obama would phone. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and British Prime Minister David Cameron placed calls to Netanyahu on Wednesday.
Netanyahu and Likud took 30 seats in the 120-seat parliament, against the 24 forecast for the center-left Zionist Union alliance of Labor Party leader Isaac Herzog and his running mate, former peace negotiator Tzipi Livni.
Netanyahu's victory represents a crushing defeat for his challengers, who believed themselves so close to a win, based on opinion surveys, that they were already negotiating cabinet appointments for their new government.
Herzog conceded the election in a telephone call to Netanyahu on Wednesday morning and later said that he would most likely focus on leading the opposition in parliament.
“I wished him luck, but let it be clear: The problems are the same problems, nothing has changed,” Herzog told reporters.
Herzog will be joined in the opposition by politicians from the Joint List of Arab parties, which won 14 seats, making it the third-largest vote-getter. Arabs represent about 20 percent of Israel's population.
As polls ahead of the vote showed Likud trailing the Zionist Union, the prime minister warned that he and his party were “in real danger,” that the left was about to win and to give away “land for peace” and “divide” Jerusalem; that unnamed “foreign powers” were pouring millions of dollars into a campaign against him; and that Arab Israeli citizens were going to the polls “in droves,” bused by nongovernmental organizations dedicated to his downfall.
Netanyahu also promised that there would be “no concessions” to the Palestinians and “no withdrawals” from the West Bank during his watch. He appeared Monday at the Jewish settlement of Har Homa in East Jerusalem to highlight his commitment to continued construction. Europe and the United Nations say that the settlements in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem are illegal under international law. Israel disputes this.
Rabbi Rick Jacobs, president of the Union for Reform Judaism in the United States and a major leader of American Jewry, condemned Netanyahu's last-ditch tactics as “a naked appeal to his hard-right bases' fears rather than their hopes.”
Whatever one calls it, it appears to have worked. Avi Degani, a leading Israeli pollster and president of the Geocartography Knowledge Group, said Wednesday that the last opinion polls showing a possible Likud loss not only motivated Netanyahu but also caused panic among reluctant voters on the right, pushing them to vote for Likud at the last minute out of fear that the left wing would take over.
Gil Hoffman, a columnist for the Jerusalem Post, said Netanyahu mobilized voters from what he called “the second Israel,” who came out to protect Israel from the left, from Iran and what they perceive as a hostile international community.
In an editorial titled “King Bibi and his divided people,” David Horovitz, the founding editor of the Times of Israel news Web site, called Netanyahu “a political tactician in a different league from his rivals.”
“But amid the euphoria of victory, and the majority's reaffirmation of faith in his leadership, will he take heed of the fact that a substantial proportion of the electorate is as shocked and horrified by Tuesday's results as he and his supporters are shocked and delighted?” Horovitz asked.
Carol Morello in Lausanne contributed to this report.
Netanyahu sweeps to victory in Israeli election
How did Israel's pollsters miss Netanyahu's reelection?
For supporters of Israel's Herzog, hope fades to despair overnight
Dive Brief:
Illinois' budget "mess" has resulted in more than $700 million worth of stalled construction projects — and builders are frustrated with the uncertain future of their projects, according to the Belleville News-Democrat.
Gov. Bruce Rauner stopped 419 contracts for 218 job sites — with 95 under construction at the time — this summer due to the lack of a set fiscal plan. Those projects included state parks, universities and prisons.
Officials have said they are uncertain when the budget will ultimately be passed or how much more money they will need to spend for the stalled, and eventually restarted, construction projects.
Dive Insight:
Contractors have shut down job sites, pulled off equipment, stored materials and sent their workers home. "This has not been pleasant," said Ric Krause, president of Chicago-area PATH Construction. Due to the budget crisis, PATH was forced to shut down work on eight projects for the state worth $26 million.
The state agency that oversees construction projects, the Capital Development Board, has said it will consider covering builders' cost overruns. However, according to Dave Semerad of the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, that promise isn't always fulfilled quickly. After Minnesota's government shut down for nearly a month in 2011, contractors submitted requests for their project cost overruns, and many are still waiting for reimbursement.
Brian Turmail, spokesman for the national AGC, said the situation for Illinois contractors right now "is both frustrating and costly."
And once the budget crisis is resolved, industry experts have warned that the state might have trouble getting construction companies to return. "The private sector is very hot right now," said Brad Benhart, a former contractor and professor at Purdue University's School of Construction Management Technology. "They're going to go find other work, and it's going to be in the private sector, and they're going to be paid promptly. It's going to be very hard for the state to get contractors to come back."
CNN has tapped the daughter of President Obama's closest adviser to cover the Department of Justice, The Post has learned.
Laura Jarrett quietly joined the network in September as a reporter in its Washington bureau.
She came to CNN with no experience in journalism. But the Harvard-educated lawyer defended companies and individuals against the Justice Department as a private litigator in Chicago.
Laura married fellow Harvard Law grad Tony Balkissoon in 2012 at a Chicago ceremony attended by Obama, her mom's boss.
Related Video 1:07 Trump tangles with CNN during press conference
Valerie and Laura Jarrett were partying Wednesday night at a launch party for the news site Axios, held in the middle of inauguration week at RPM Italian in Washington.
Asked about her post-White House plans, Valerie Jarrett said she'll split time between Chicago and Washington, DC, but first she plans to go on vacation.
Others spotted at the party include Vice President Joe Biden, Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway, CNN's Jeff Zucker, Jake Tapper and Wolf Blitzer, MSNBC's Greta van Susteren, Fox News' Kristin Fisher and the Washington Post's Bob Woodward.
Laura Jarrett's assignment comes a week after Trump publicly refused to answer a CNN correspondent's question at a press conference.
“You are fake news,” Trump said to CNN's Jim Acosta.
What was old is new again as Carol City (FL) LB De'Andre Wilder has committed to Miami.
#LBU strengthening tonight! Great addition from the 305! Do it for your city! 3️⃣0️⃣5️⃣ pic.twitter.com/9yykbtnQhH — Manny Diaz (@Coach_MannyDiaz) November 4, 2016
Miami lands commitment from Carol City LB DeAndre Wilder. Mentioned this week that he was a take for the #Canes. https://t.co/4GWTp6n25m — Peter Ariz (@PeterAriz) November 4, 2016
It's official. Carol City linebacker De'Andre Wilder has committed to Miami. https://t.co/8lTGco7BLT — Andrew Ivins (@Andrew_Ivins) November 4, 2016
Wilder, a player who nearly committed to Miami earlier this cycle, had maintained for quite a while that Auburn and Miami were the 2 schools he was considering, with Auburn holding a slight lead. That has apparently changed with Wilder's public re-commitment to Miami.
The 6'2” 197lb Wilder makes plays from the OLB and DE spots. He is an early enrollee, and should be on campus in Coral Gables in January. We interviewed Wilder earlier this year, and you can see that interview here.
Wilder joins Waynmon Steed and Bradley Jennings, Jr. at the LB spot in this class. To get a better idea what kind of player Wilder is, you can see the HUDL highlights below.
Welcome to the U, De'Andre!
They like his strength, and shrug off the rhetoric. And many don't think he'll actually build the wall or deport anyone.
John Locher / AP
MIAMI — Let's get this out of the way. Donald Trump is toxic with most Latino voters. A new USC/LA Times poll found that in California he has 9% favorable and 87% unfavorable ratings, the worst in a long series of historically terrible polls. Still — even a low percentage of Latino voters would mean a couple million Hispanic supporters. And an observer of this divisive election cycle might ask: who are these people? One answer, found in public polling, in interviews at polling places in Nevada and Florida, and in conversations with self-identified Trump supporters on Facebook, appears to be that they're the types of people otherwise disposed to like Donald Trump. Older men; former members of the military; people enraged by the power of the establishment; American nationalists. Another answer reflects the diversity within the term “Latino”: Some of Trump's supporters' families have been American citizens for centuries, don't know any undocumented immigrants, or don't identify with newcomers from Mexico and elsewhere — all reasons that contribute to why they embrace his immigration stances. One thing they all have in common, though, is a thick skin. "I've gotten a lot of crap from friends and family about supporting him," said Ted Yanez, 26, from Eugene, Oregon, whose family has Mexican ancestry. "There's quite a stigma around Trump and his ideas of securing the border."
"As a Hispanic who supports or leans towards Trump you get caught in a race war." "I'm not winning any popularity contests," said Jesse Lopez from Corpus Christi, Texas, of his constant battles on Facebook with Latinos branding him a traitor. Another supporter, 54, and an internet sales manager for a car dealership in Los Angeles named John Avila, lamented that "as a Hispanic who supports or leans towards Trump you get caught in a race war." And for Ileana Garcia, a Cuban-American former radio and TV personality from Miami who said she became “enamored” with Trump after the first debate, there have also been suggestions that future professional opportunities will be limited by her public cheerleading for Trump on Facebook. “Friends at Univision have said ‘if you ever want to do voiceover work again don't say that, don't put that up there,'” she said.
Courtesy Ileana Garcia
Many of their votes have been counted in the early primaries. Trump already has secured Hispanic Republican votes in states like Nevada — where he was the first to trumpet (sorry) that he had support from 44% of Latinos in Nevada, according to not always reliable caucus entrance polls. In Florida, where he blew away Cuban-American Marco Rubio making his last stand in his home state, Trump garnered 26% of the sizable Latino vote, but 40% of the non-Cuban Hispanic vote.
One thing many Trump supporters have in common is an aversion to a new generation of identity politics, and to the growing pan-Latino identity that has drawn people from diverse backgrounds into an increasingly coherent force in American politics. In interviews, his supporters stressed their American roots. No one was just Puerto Rican or Mexican, and few used a hyphenated identity common in the Hispanic community. One said his family "has been in the country a couple hundred years" and another when asked his ethnicity said his family was "from Texas, which used to be Mexico." "I don't speak Spanish, and the Mexican culture doesn't resonate with me," said Avila. Lopez, who voted for Trump in the Texas primary, identifies as American with Latino ancestry and is a 20-year Navy veteran. He said he was once a "radical Latino" who marched with Cesar Chavez for migrant worker rights in Los Angeles and Arizona but later in life worked for military police in places like Camp Pendleton in San Diego, along with customs and border patrol where he saw "many illegals" cross the border. “Holy crap, that's exactly that's how I feel,” Lopez remembers thinking when Trump announced his candidacy. Yanez from Oregon, who has a white mother and a Latino father, said that while he puts “Hispanic” on official forms, his father puts that he is white because they are “pale.” He said something which would be anathema to many Latino immigrants: that Trump's plan to deport undocumented immigrants might improve the image of Hispanics across the country, because while more are going to college, negative stereotypes that stigmatize the entire community still persist. “When he says he loves the Mexican people, I don't think he actually hates any single race or group,” Yanez said, finishing the thought. “I think he legitimately wants to help make things better for everybody.” Unprompted, almost all of Trump's Hispanic supporters were quick to bring up a charge that is widely accepted among his many detractors: That he's a racist.
"I don't think he's a racist, I just think he's not a politician."
"I don't think he's a racist, I just think he's not a politician," said Victor Velazquez, who like many others BuzzFeed News spoke with was part of one of the various Hispanics for Trump Facebook pages. Velazquez, 62, from Paterson, New Jersey said he is a Puerto Rican American, and that people like Trump because he is an outsider. He likened Washington to a relay race where "a whole bunch of insiders, who control the whole nation and control the wealth" endlessly pass the baton from one to the other. “He has immense sincerity and conviction, he is like un viejo malcriado, like an uncle who misbehaves,” said Garcia from Miami. “He says really stupid things sometimes but he meant them at that moment. He is the sincerest one. He doesn't know how to explain it, he doesn't know how to be politically correct.” And while one of the persistent criticisms of Trump has been that his rhetoric leans in an authoritarian strongman direction, many of his Hispanic supporters said they liked him because he is literally a strong man who says what he means. Dave Maestas, 43, is a retired special forces green beret who spent 20 years in the military. To him Trump exudes leadership. "In my experience, a lot of Latinos that I know in the military community, 90% are for Trump," he said. "Mexican-Americans respond to somebody that is willing to say things and not be afraid to say them," said Robert Ruiz Rios Parra, 61, from Phoenix. "We have to make sure we have strong military and safe borders," said Christopher Gomez, 41, from Irving, Texas. "We have to worry about the Muslims too — well not Muslims — the terrorist people. He's a strong guy, he's concerned with security." "I don't see how the country as a whole is going to stomach mass deportation and a wall being built." Trump has gotten to where he is because from that first summer day last June he hammered on the issue of illegal immigration, offending Mexicans and immigrants along the way when he characterized those coming across the border as criminals and rapists. Many of his Hispanic supporters say they weren't offended because they don't believe he was referring to them. "He didn't insult all Mexicans by his comments," said Antonio Rios, 20, a former Bernie Sanders supporter who flipped to Trump and voted for him in the Kentucky primary. "I'm open-minded enough to understand what he meant," Rios wrote in an interview he insisted be conducted over Facebook Messenger. "I'm not going to let liberal biased media outlets decide how I should feel." "I'm a third generation Mexican-American so I didn't take it personally," Parra from Phoenix said, alleging murders related to Mexican drug cartels that no one hears about. "A lot of people that aren't from around here, they don't understand what Arizonans are going through, with the bulk of the drugs coming through here."
Guess who just early voted in Florida? @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain #Florida #SuperTuesday
"I'm Hispanic, he wants to build a wall to stop illegal immigration, that's something I'm totally for," said Alexi Juan Lopez, a 23-year-old Cuban American student at Florida International University. "America is only great if we live by the law." Lopez is a true believer — he early voted for Trump and can often be found trying to get people to join a Millennials for Trump Facebook page that he posts on college Republican pages. But the Trump bandwagon among youth isn't exactly bursting at the seams. "Out of my friends, I'm the only one supporting Trump," he said. The physical symbol of the division Trump has sewn — and of what many American Latinos see as his hostility — is the wall he says he'd build on the Mexican border. Some of his supporters have no problem with that either.
(Adrian Carrasquillo/BuzzFeed) Clara Roteta
"I believe in the wall, he's going to build the wall," said Clara Roteta, a respiratory therapist, interviewed the day of the Florida primary at the famed Versailles Cuban restaurant in Miami's Little Havana. "Not to keep people away, but to keep illegals away from the U.S." But many Hispanic Trump supporters aren't so sure that he really plans to build a wall along the border or deport millions of undocumented immigrants.
"I don't think he would," Avila from Los Angeles said, drawing a parallel between the wall and Obama's effort to push an immigration overhaul through Congress. "That's why we have the Senate and House of Representatives in place. They've offset some of the stuff Obama wants to do, it would be the same kind of thing, but it moves us in the right direction. I don't see how the country as a whole is going to stomach mass deportation and a wall being built,” he said. Maestas — who said that as "a military man security is one of the greatest concerns I have for the country" — conceded his belief that "no one is going to make 12 million illegal immigrants leave our country."
“I really don't think he's going to build a wall.”
“I really don't think he's going to build a wall,” said Jose Martinez a 60-year-old Mexican-American dentist from San Diego who said he fears drug cartel violence could make its way up to where he lives and put his two college-aged children at risk. “I don't think he's going to deport everyone.” One thing Hispanic Trump supporters have to grapple with that may not affect others, is what it would look like to actually deport millions of undocumented immigrants currently in the country, many with ties to American citizen Latinos. Most BuzzFeed News spoke with said they do not know someone in the country illegally. "Honestly, I think a lot of people are offended because they probably either know someone, a friend or family member, who is here illegally," Yanez from Oregon said, not unkindly. "I personally don't know anybody, I never met somebody who is not here legally. I can understand how it might be harmful to them personally," he added, noting that it's not just Mexicans who would be affected and with Ronald Reagan's 1986 amnesty, "a lot of them came from Ireland." The only Trump supporter who said they knew people in the country illegally was Parra who both said the law is the law but also seemed to struggle with the idea of mass deportation of people he knows. "I don't want the people deported but right now we are at that point that we need someone who is going to make hard decisions," he said. "I don't take offense to it, but I do think about the people who are here illegally," — he continued, before seeming to grapple with the thought — "but I don't know what's right and what's wrong." The polling firm Latino Decisions found in 2014 that 58% of Latinos know someone who is undocumented, and a 2013 national survey found that one-third of Latino registered voters have an undocumented family member, further illuminating the extent to which immigration is a personal issue, and why Hispanic Trump supporters are so few and far between.
Jesse Lopez, 20-year Navy veteran
Kepler, J. (1611) Strena seu de nive sexangula. ["New Year's gift or about the hexangular snow", in Latin, probably the first description of the hexagonal symmetry of snow crystals]
Hellmann, G. (1893) Schneekrystalle. Verlag von Rudolf Mückenberger, Berlin, 66 pp. [ http://gdz.sub.uni-goettingen.de/no_cache/dms/load/img/?IDDOC=320734
Dobrowolski (1916) Ark. Kemi: 6(7).
Mügge (1918) Centralblatt für Mineralogie: 187.
Adams (1930) Royal Society of London, Proceedings: 128: 588.
Bernal, J.D., Fowler, R.H. (1933) A theory of water and ionic solution, with particular reference to hydrogen and hydroxyl ions. Journal of Chemical Physics: 1(8): 515-548.
Blackwelder, E. (1939) The hardness of ice. American Journal of Science: 238: 61-62.
Palache, C., Berman, H., Frondel, C. (1944) The System of Mineralogy of James Dwight Dana and Edward Salisbury Dana Yale University 1837-1892, Volume I: Elements, Sulfides, Sulfosalts, Oxides. John Wiley and Sons, Inc., New York. 7th edition, revised and enlarged: 494-498.
Hall, D., Wood, M.K. (1985) A molecular-packing analysis of the crystal structures of ice. Acta Crystallographica: 41: 169-172.
Aoki, K., Yamawaki, H., Sakashita, M., Fujihisa, S. (1996) Infrared absorption study of the hydrogen-bond symmetrization in ice to 110 GPa. Physical Review B: 54: 15673-15677.
Goncharov, A.F., Struzhkin, V.V., Somayazulu, M.S., Hemley, R.J., Mao, H.K. (1996) Compression of ice to 210 gigapascals: Infrared evidence for s symmetric hydrogen-bonded phase. Science: 273-218-220.
Wolanin, E., Pruzan, P., Chervin, J.C., Canny, B., Gauthier, M., Hausermann, D., Hanfland, M. (1997) Equation of state of ice VII up to 106GPa. Physical Review B: 56: 5781-5785.
Hill, L. et al. (2004) Experiments on Ice Spikes and a Simple Growth Model. Journal of Glaciology, 50, 375-381.
Libbrecht, K.G. and Lui, K. (2004) An Investigation of Laboratory-Grown Ice Spikes. Journal of Glaciology, 50, 371-374. [ http://www.its.caltech.edu/~atomic/snowcrystals/icespikes/icespikes.pdf
www.its.caltech.edu
Cabot, N.L., Ernst, C.M., Denevi, B.W., Nair, H., Deutsch, A.N., Blewett, D.T., Murchie, S.L., Neumann, G.A., Mazarico, E., Paige, D.A., Harmon, J.K., Head, J.W., Solomon, S.C. (2014): Images of surface volatiles in Mercury's polar craters acquired by the MESSENGER spacecraft. Geology: 42(12): 1051-1054; http://dx.doi.org/10.1130/G35916.1
Eckert, J., Gourdon, O., Jacob, D.E., Meral, C., Monteiro, P.J.M., Vogel, S.C., Wirth, R., Wenk, H.-R. (2015) Ordering of water in opals with different microstructures. European Journal of Mineralogy: 27: 203-213.
Outside of the Big Six, one of Friends' most prolific characters was Gunther. The barista with hair "brighter than the sun", as Rachel put it, won a place in our hearts with his awkward shuffles and unrequited love for Miss Green.
We got the man behind the hair – James Michael Tyler – on the phone for a natter about what it was actually like being in Friends, a shock coffee-related revelation, his best Gunther moments and where he thinks the Central Perk icon is now...
RELATED: What happened to Tag, Eddie and the rest?
Getty Images
It's 20 years since Friends started and ten since it ended, but do you still get people yelling 'Gunther' at you?
"I live in the area where the Hollywood sign is. Every afternoon I'll take a daily walk and there are loads of tourists always on the street taking photos of the Hollywood sign. Occasionally, I'll still get recognised as Gunther, which is okay with me."
You got the job in the first place because you can work an espresso machine – did you ever think it would lead to that much of a character?
"You know, I honestly always thought my Masters in fine arts would get me further in the acting world than knowing how to work an espresso machine! That was a happy accident and I'm very, very grateful to have had that skill."
RELATED: Maggie Wheeler on being Janice
Can you still make a good coffee?
"I do. However, I don't really drink coffee that much! I never have been a big coffee drinker."
You didn't have a line until the 33rd episode of the show – had you come up with a backstory and name for Gunther before then?
"Before then, I had kind of an inkling that Gunther slept in the back of Central Perk – in the storage room. But I didn't create a full-formed backstory for him until much later in the series."
I really liked that he used to be a soap star.
"Yes, he'd kind of fallen on more difficult times, of course. That was a bit surprising, that Gunther was on a soap. I just wonder what sort of character he would have played. He was Bryce on All My Children."
He wasn't a man of many words, so I can't imagine him on a soap.
"I honestly can't either. That would make a very interesting character for the soap. Maybe he was a mime!"
RELATED: The definitive ranking of all the love interests… ever
Chandler doesn't know Gunther's surname. Do you know what it is?
"I don't! That was never established. Chandler thinks Gunther's last name is 'Central-Perk', but it was never established. Maybe it was Smith. That would be interesting – Gunther Smith. Some unexpected last name."
Getty Images
A huge part of Gunther's character was that he was in love with Rachel - was there anything to do with that which you found really embarrassing to play?
"No, it was fun. It was fantastic – we had a great chemistry. It made it a lot easier just because Jennifer's such a great person and actress. It made it effortless, actually. No embarrassment."
Phoebe seemed to have a little flame for Gunther. Did you ever want them to get together?
"You know, I love Phoebe as a character, but I honestly could never see Gunther and Phoebe together. I think Mike was meant for Phoebe!"
RELATED: Every single episode of Friends, ranked
Phoebe and Gunther did have that kiss - are you disappointed you didn't get to kiss the other girls?
"Well, you know, Gunther got used in that situation because actually Phoebe just wanted to catch his cold. They were all just lovely people to work with – I could not pick a favourite."
Do you have a favourite Gunther moment?
"Wow. That's difficult to answer! There were definitely quite a few memorable ones. I forget the title, I know it was 'The One With...' something! But there was an episode with a gentleman Phoebe was interested in who wore short shorts. And it's probably one of my favourite Gunther moments – when Gunther told him to "put the mouse back in the house". I love that line, I thought it was brilliant."
He had such a look of disgust, too.
"Yeah. Or shock. Or just matter of fact! Gunther doesn't mince words."
Another part of Gunther that was so iconic was his hair – is it true you dyed it just the day before you joined the show?
"Yes. I have a friend who wanted to practise on my head because they wanted to be a stylist. So I offered what hair I had left to turn white. That was a happy coincidence!"
Do you ever want the white hair back? Do you miss it?
"I actually... don't! I had to bleach my hair every week for ten years – that's a bit much. So I wouldn't recommend it. However it was quite necessary and it definitely completed the character."
Did you enjoy reuniting with Matt LeBlanc on Episodes?
"That was fantastic and it was also a bit odd, because of course they film that in London. It was odd flying from Los Angeles to the UK to reunite with Matt, who I've worked with for real on a series, as a fictional character with him playing a fictionalised character of himself in real life and myself. It was a bit surreal to go to London to shoot something that was set in Los Angeles."
Would you like to work with the others again?
"Oh, any opportunity. It would be fantastic. I learned so much just by being around them and our crew and cast – everyone was absolutely a master of the game. I was just observing how great TV is made. So I would love to work with any of them again."
How do you feel about calls for a Friends movie or a reunion?
"You know, I think that the show ended actually at the right time for the storyline and the characters. I just don't know if it would be a comedy still to see people of their characters' age, if they were still struggling and going through the same things that they were going through at the time. I don't know if that would be funny or not. So I think it actually ended at the right time."
Gunther and Rachel's goodbye was lovely as well.
"Oh, yeah! I'm really glad that the writers gave Gunther the opportunity to at least express his love, his unrequited love, which was still unrequited. I'm glad that they gave the character a bit of closure there!"
Do you wish there could have been a Gunther spinoff? We had Joey – why didn't we have Gunther?
"You know, people just didn't know as much about Gunther. I never really gave much thought or consideration or expectation that there would be a Gunther spinoff. You know, I think it's best that he does remain kind of a mystery."
Where do you think he is now?
"Maybe he owns a chain of Central Perks by now! I would wish Gunther a good future after the fictional world of Friends had ended."
Maybe in Holland, because we know he speaks Dutch. Do you?
"I do not, actually. I speak a bit of German so it made it a little easier to do the lines in Dutch - the pronunciation is similar and the cadence is similar, although they're completely different languages. I do remember every line that I spoke on the episode in Dutch! And that's often requested – that I repeat those lines, if I meet someone who's familiar with it. I've taken a couple of trips to the Netherlands and that episode's quite popular there!"
Is there anything else that comes up a lot when you see fans?
"I get asked if I actually love Rachel, even though she's a fictional character! Gunther loved Rachel. I think Jennifer's an absolutely wonderful human being and a terrific actor so I have a ton of respect for her, but I do get asked that a good bit."
Friend fans in the UK can watch the show on Netflix.
What was your favourite Gunther moment? Let us know below!
AP Source: Clinton, Sanders discussing endorsement event
WASHINGTON — The Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders campaigns are discussing a potential event next week in New Hampshire, during which the Vermont senator would endorse Clinton's White House bid.
A Democrat familiar with the plans said Wednesday if the two sides continue to make progress, Clinton and Sanders would appear at the joint event Tuesday in New Hampshire. The Democrat spoke on condition of anonymity because the person was not authorized to discuss the plans.
Clinton and Sanders officials declined comment on the possible rally, which was first reported by NBC News.
Sanders has withheld his endorsement of Clinton since the end of the Democratic primaries in mid-June, pressing for policy commitments from the campaign and party leaders developing the platform that will be considered at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. But he has shown signs of coming around.
The senator praised Clinton's announcement of a proposal earlier Wednesday to tackle the rising cost of college tuition and the burden of student loan debt, calling it a "very bold initiative." In a positive sign for Democratic unity, Sanders said he hoped to find more areas of agreement with Clinton "sooner rather than later."
Sanders trounced Clinton in the New Hampshire primary, and holding the event in the Granite State would put the two rivals in a fall battleground state where Clinton will compete against Republican Donald Trump. It would also draw comparisons to 2008, when then-Sen. Barack Obama joined Clinton for an endorsement event in Unity, New Hampshire, a symbol-rich town where Obama and Clinton split the vote in the primary.
Sanders was wildly popular with young voters during the Democratic primaries, with many drawn to his calls for free tuition at all public colleges and universities. Clinton cast her opponent's proposals as unrealistic, saying that while she shared his concerns about rising debt, she didn't want wealthier families to be able to take advantage of opportunities aimed at the middle and lower classes.
The new policy proposal from Clinton would place a three-month moratorium on loan payments for all federal borrowers. It would also ensure that families with annual incomes up to $125,000 pay no tuition at in-state public colleges and universities.
Sanders said the plan combined "some of the strongest ideas which she fought for during the campaign with some of the principles I fought for. The final product is the result of the work of both campaigns."
___
What political news is the world searching for on Google and talking about on Twitter? Find out via AP's Election Buzz interactive. http://elections.ap.org/buzz
___
Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter at: http://www.twitter.com/kthomasDC
Ken Thomas, The Associated Press
This Real News Network segment describes how Theresa May has been caught out on her plan to privatize NHS assets. And on top of that, selling the real estate is the worst sort of financial gimmick. The British Government would get a one-time lump sum and then NHS costs would rise in future years as a result of the lease payments. You can see how that will play out: the financial-engineering-resulting budget increases would be used to claim NHS is becoming unaffordable. That would lay the groundwork for service cuts, requiring co-pays for some services, and/or privatization.
Sharmini Peries: It's The Real News Network. I'm Sharmini Peries coming to you from Baltimore. The National Health Service in the UK is planning to delay or cancel treatment in half the country. This is according to the English health charity, The King's Fund. This shocking level of cuts in half of local areas in England is a result of attempts to meet financial targets, according to The King's Fund. Health professionals accuse the Tories of willfully destroying the NHS by starving it of cash it needs to operate safely.
This brings to mind the comments of Tory Party grandee Oliver Letwin who in 2004 allegedly told a private meeting that NHS would cease to exist in five years of a Tory government. Letwin, then advisor to the Tory chancellor, also offered a book titled Privatising the World. Later, what he said actually comes true, albeit a bit later than he had predicted. Joining us now to discuss all of this about the UK National Health Service is Kam Sandhu. Kam is an investigative journalist and editor and co-founder of the UK-based independent media outlet, Real Media. Kam, good to have you back.
Kam Sandhu: It's great to be back.
Sharmini Peries: Kam, let me start off by showing our audience a clip of Prime Minister Theresa May who recently answered a question on the NHS.
Theresa May: We're not … Nobody is selling off the NHS. We're committed to the NHS remaining free at the point of use. What we want to ensure is that it is funded properly. We've put extra money in. It's record levels of funding for the NHS, but crucially, you can only do that if you've got the economy to provide the funding, if you've got the economy that has developed … that is developing the taxes that can be put in and the money that can be put into the NHS. That means a strong economy. It means not wrecking the economy. Labour's nonsensical economic policy would wreck the economy. That would mean less money for the NHS in future.
Sharmini Peries: Kam, how do you respond to that Prime Minister's comments here?
Kam Sandhu: There's no kind of two ways about it, I'm afraid. It is an absolute lie that the NHS is not being sold off. We can explain that in a recent appearance by Theresa May on the Andrew Neil show where she said that she backs the Naylor Report.
Andrew Neil: The manifesto pledges “the most ambitious program on investment and buildings and technology the NHS has ever seen.”
Theresa May: That money will be following. There's a report that was done on the NHS, the Naylor Report, which set out what was needed. We're backing the proposals in the Naylor Report.
Andrew Neil: How much?
Kam Sandhu: Now the Naylor Report, much of the British public will not know about it, and it's only really come to light what's behind it as a result of NHS campaigners and people concerned about what's happening to the NHS. Within the Naylor Report, which Theresa May now says she backs, it's written into it that the property and the assets and the buildings that the NHS holds will be sold off, needs to be sold off, and they'll be incentivized to be sold off in a way that the NHS won't be able to access public funding.
Speaker: The Naylor Review published earlier this year gives cash-strapped hospitals only one option to be able to buy vital equipment such as MRI scanners through the fire sale of their land and hospitals. To encourage them to do this as quickly as possible, for every pound they raise by flogging off assets, the Treasury will give them an extra two pounds to spend. We've been told time after time by Theresa May that the NHS is not for sale. However, her support for the Naylor Review means this simply cannot be true.
Kam Sandhu: As you said, the NHS is in desperate need of that funding. Campaigners say about £20 billion has been removed since the Conservatives came to power in 2010. They're using all these incentives to get the NHS to open up its assets, which moves us much, much closer to privatization, and shows the lie really of what Theresa May said in a different interview in not so far apart.
Sharmini Peries: Right. How are the British media dealing with this? I mean, NHS, if it's like Canada, it's close to people's hearts. You would think that the media would really be going after any issue related to the NHS with a certain rigor, given that it concerns the entire country. In this particular case of our discussion, half the country is going to suffer from it.
Kam Sandhu: Well, that's an interesting question, and you're absolutely right in terms of the fact that the NHS is very close to people's hearts. There is massive public opposition to things like privatization, to the idea of charging, but these changes have taken place outside of the public view. These are huge transformations that are happening under the guises of really boring names, stuff like STPs, really vague and kind of obtuse ways of bringing in these changes. There has been mass transformation, and unfortunately the media has failed to kind of challenge what's happening.
I mean, it's quite surprising that only three years ago, the NHS was regarded as the best healthcare system in the world by an international panel of experts. Bottom in that same league was the American system, largely because it spent a lot on healthcare and got some of the worst outcomes. Despite those facts, we are very much moving towards an American-style system. Campaigners I've spoken to say that there is no doubt that we are moving towards that kind of system.
To give you a kind of example of some of these transformations that have taken place, Simon Stevens, who was appointed head of NHS England in 2014, has been one of the figures whoare really drove through some of these changes in his Five Year Forward Plan. That Five Year Forward Plan separates England into 44 footprints or regions. It's good to note here that this is happening only in England. This is not happening in Scotland. This is not happening in Wales. Perhaps that gives light to the idea that this is very concentrated, and that perhaps it's strange that they're making it seem so necessary that it has to happen when we have two functioning public services continuing in the countries next to us.
These regions, these 44 regions, then are given budgets that they now need to manage, which is something that they've never done before. The campaigners I spoke to said that it's a way of fragmenting the service. The pressures are being piled on in different ways in different areas. It's much more difficult for these regions to understand what's happening between them. One expert that I spoke to said that, while the media does talk about funding and that does come up from time to time, the NHS does appear in the news for a bit and then disappears, they're not talking about privatization. They're not talking about the presence of US companies. They're not talking about the pressures that health workers are under and the suppressed wages. We have stories of nurses going to food banks, and it's estimated that by the end of the decade, they will have experienced a 12% pay cut.
The ways that these pressures are manifesting on our NHS is not being communicated, but Oliver Letwin, as you said in your opening there, he did write a book called Privatising the World. He did advise the government as a health advisor, and he said in that book, in order to privatize a service, you need to artificially distress it in order to make the need for private companies to come in, which is something that we've seen happen. As a result of that, we're seeing some services being cut. We're seeing people turned away from privately-run services now because they say they're reached their quota. This is now changing the tradition of 65 years of a universal healthcare system in the UK.
Sharmini Peries: That 50% cancellation we were talking about or I mentioned earlier, it might be a part of this strategy of stressing the system.
Kam Sandhu: A hundred percent. I mean, what are these budgets? Where have these targets come from? Who set them? We're coupling this with the pressures that are already put on the NHS. If you imagine a hospital budget, they also have these PFI loans, which are very, very toxic loans taken out, kind of mostly under the Blair government but a little bit in the Major government before that. The Conservatives now have signed up to the same deals. It means that people have estimated we'll be paying back £300 billion for £56 billion worth of assets over 30 years. Now that, those loan payments, have to come out of hospital budgets. At the same time, those hospital budgets are being cut, so the money that these hospitals are trying to operate with is depleting. I do want to raise that we have the second lowest expenditure on healthcare in the G7, so this idea that we are unable to afford this system when it already is one of the lowest spend is really a myth.
Sharmini Peries: The man, Kam, in charge of the NHS, Simon Stevens, who's the head of it, you seem to know a lot about him. Give us some context here as to who he is and what it means in terms of the NHS.
Kam Sandhu: He's a really interesting figure, and I've been really surprised at how many questions have not been raised about Simon Stevens. He was appointed head of NHS England in 2014, and as I said, he's been driving through these changes. Prior to being head of NHS England, he worked for almost 10 years for one of the biggest healthcare insurers in the US. That's UnitedHealth. During that time, he was head of Medicare for a number of years before being promoted to vice president from 2009 to 2014. No, he's not a small figure. Interestingly enough, before he worked at UnitedHealth, he was actually an advisor to Tony Blair's government during the time that these PFIs were being deployed. He has been described by some campaigners as an architect of the marketization of the health service.
Yet upon his return to NHS or upon his return to the UK as the head of NHS England, there hasn't been any challenges of whom this guy is and his interests. At the same time, under the banner, under the name Optum, UnitedHealth is here, buying up NHS contracts. We have a guy who was vice president of a big healthcare insurer in the US, and we have that company also buying up contracts in the US with policy waved through by Simon Stevens. He said that his 44 footprint plan would be an enormous opportunity for the private sector. For me, I'm seeing huge conflicts of interest in this man.
Sharmini Peries: Interesting times that all of this is being discussed at a very critical time in terms of the elections in Britain coming up on June 8th. What are the polls saying, Kam, and is this a part of what's driving the Corbyn surge?
Kam Sandhu: I certainly think Corbyn's promise to protect the NHS is going to massively work in his favor. To give you one factor, in 2015, Election Unspun did some research into the media coverage of certain subjects. They found that the Conservatives were trusted more on the economy, and that Labour was trusted more on the NHS. Yet in the final few weeks before that election, the NHS was taken off the top five subjects that were being discussed. The NHS has always been something that people believe Labour will protect, so I think that will work in their favor.
But I'm not sure if it's been communicated really what's at stake here, the changes to our living standards and the way that we operate and the changes to our society if we lose the NHS. I think it's going to be tough to articulate that with now only a week left, but many campaigners are doing what they can. I certainly think this report will be another blow to what's turning out to be a bit of a tirade of failure on Theresa May's part. I mean, I'm sure people would like to ask her more questions, but she doesn't seem to be willing to turn up to debates.
Sharmini Peries: All right, Kam. I thank you so much for joining us, and we look forward to your report next week right the day after June 8th, and we'll know who the winner of this general election is.
Kam Sandhu: Looking forward to speaking to you again then.
Sharmini Peries: Thank you for joining us here on The Real News Network.
WESTFIELD, Mass. (WWLP) – Two fighter jets from Barnes Air National Guard Base in Westfield were scrambled Monday morning, according to Col. Alexander Haldopoulos of the 104th Fighter Wing.
While the colonel did not specify the purpose of the scramble, WPIX-TV in New York reports that two F-15 jets escorted an Air France flight to John F. Kennedy International Airport Monday. The 104th Fighter Wing is responsible for protecting the skies of the Northeastern United States for any potential airborne threats.
New York NBC affiliate WNBC reports that a phone threat claimed there were chemical weapons on-board Air France Flight 22 from Paris to JFK. The station reports that the threat was not considered credible, but the plane was checked out after landing, out of an abundance of caution.
The FBI says that a Saudi Arabia Airlines plane at JFK was also checked-out Monday due to a threat.
India's High-Tech Billion-Person Aadhaar Identity System Can't Cope With Real-Life Biometrics
from the well,-that's-awkward dept
We first wrote about India's Aadhaar system, which assigns a unique 12-digit number to all Indian citizens, a year ago. Mainstream media are finally waking up to the scale of the project, as this article in the Guardian indicates: The Aadhaar scheme was launched in 2009, under former prime minister Manmohan Singh, but the current government, led by Narendra Modi, is credited with rolling it out across India. According to the latest figures in May 2016 from the Unique Identification Authority, more than a billion people have been given Aadhaar numbers. Within the next few months, the details of every person in India will be in the government database. To allay privacy and surveillance concerns, the Indian government insisted initially that Aadhaar was to be purely voluntary. But as Techdirt reported earlier this year, it's quite clear that the government's intention is to get everyone on to the Aadhaar system, and to embed it ever-more deeply in daily life. The principal argument for doing so is that it will make India's bureacracy more efficient, help fight corruption, and make it easier for citizens to receive government support: The data collected by the Aadhaar centres will be stored in a network of servers in the southern city of Bangalore. Information from the database can then be circulated to different authorities. The ID system, according to the government, will prevent welfare fraud and ensure subsidies and social security schemes are reaching the right people. All laudable goals, but an article in The Times of India reveals the reality. In the Indian State of Rajasthan, 14 million people have dropped off the Aadhaar system. A major problem is that one of the key biometric identifiers -- fingerprints -- is proving unusable for precisely the groups of people that Aadhaar was supposed to help: Hard manual labour flattens fingerprint patterns on the palm. Chances of the machines detecting them are really dim.
These patterns also fade with age. "I've never been a manual labourer, but at 70 the lines on my fingers are faint and the device never works with me too," says Aruna Roy of [the Indian social movement] MKSS.
Vaishali Devi of Kishangarh tehsil, Ajmer, complains she's been deprived of ration and pension for over three months. She was at the Jawab Do dharna in Jaipur for 20 days. With her was fellow villager Vanni Bai. For three months, she hasn't been able to collect her quota of supplies. Another issue is that poor Internet connectivity makes it hard to check readings with the central Aadhaar databases in Bangalore, so many attempts are necessary before fingerprints are recognized, and the food rations can be given out. The good news is that there's an alternative approach: In principle, the Unique Identity Authority of India, implementing agency for Aadhaar can issue a one-time password to the ration seeker's mobile phone if the system fails. The bad news: Many using the system can't afford mobile phones; some don't remember the number registered on their Aadhaar. It sounds like getting India's 1.29 billion population to use the Aadhaar system for routine daily transactions is going to be something of a challenge, to put it mildly.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under: aadhaar, biometrics, identification, identity, india, national id, privacy
The Los Angeles Kings have done two things since the start of the NHL post season back in April – prove hockey experts wrong, and win hockey games. The Kings are a mere one win away, and in the process make my prediction of a long, hard-fought Stanley Cup final seem foolish. They are a mere one win away from winning it all and earning the franchise its first Stanley Cup. Most importantly, they are a mere one win away from history.
At the start of the season the Kings were widely considered to be amongst the league's elite and contend for Lord Stanley's mug. On paper they had one of the deepest squads in the NHL – a three-line scoring offence with some of the best depth at center in the league, a solid defensive core lead by the likes of Drew Doughty and Jack Johnson, and a young stud goaltender by the name of Jonathan Quick. With the off-season addition of Mike Richards, things were looking very bright for the Kings heading into the start of 2011-2012 season. To the surprise of no one, the Kings started the year 5-1-1. They followed that solid start by going a dismal 8-11-3 for a record of 13-12-4 overall, and the eventual firing of head coach, Terry Murray.
John Stevens was named interim head coach for four games until December 20th, when the team named Darryl Sutter its new bench boss. The Kings struggled mightily to score goals, but went on to a record of 25-13-11 under their new coach due to some stingy team defense and the amazing play of their goaltender. The late season addition of Jeff Carter at the expense of Jack Johnson would seem to give the team some added scoring depth down the stretch and into the playoffs. The Kings finished the season with a record of 40-27-15 for a total of 95 points and squeaked themselves into the playoffs on the back of Quick, as the eighth seed.
Though not considered to be huge underdogs, few people had the eighth place Kings getting by the President's Trophy-winning Vancouver Canucks. Again, with excellent goaltending, they made short work of the league's best team with a 3-0 start and a 4-1 series victory. As a surprise to all, next came the second round sweep of the well-coached and deeply talented St. Louis Blues. That momentum carried L.A. passed an under-matched Phoenix team in a rather easy 4-1 series victory in the third round. Consensus going into the finals had the Kings as the favorite versus the Devils, with Jersey giving them a run for their money. After another surprising 3-0 start for the Kings, game 4 has more on the line for L.A. than just a championship. The Kings have a chance to etch their names into sports history.
If L.A. can win on Wednesday night and complete the sweep they would not only win their first Stanley Cup in franchise history, but they would finish the year with a playoff record of 16-2. Under the current four-round, best-of-seven series format, the only other team in NHL history to accomplish this was the 1988 Edmonton Oilers. Not to take anything away from that Oilers team, but with a roster consisting of hockey greats such as Gretzky, Messier, Kurri, and Fuhr, that record came to the surprise of no one. What has made the Kings post-season run even more impressive is that they have done this as an eighth seed and in the new salary cap era of the NHL.
More parity in today's league means that even making the playoffs has become more difficult, and winning those playoff games all the more so. NHL History has already been made with the Kings being the only team to start all four rounds of the playoffs with a 3-0 series lead. Let's not forget that dating back to last season, the Kings now hold the NHL record for most consecutive post-season road victories with 11 (9 this year and 2 last season). Besides the Kings, the only other eighth-seeded teams in professional sports to make the finals were the NHL's Edmonton Oilers in 2006, who lost in seven games, and the NBA's New York Knicks in 1999, who were losers in five games. With yet another 3-0 lead, and the series all but over, L.A. has the best chance to become the first ever eighth seed to win a championship in North American professional sports history.
After an unpredictable NHL season that has made anything seem possible, the only thing I know for certain is that the Stanley Cup will be in the building at the Staples Center Wednesday night. Will more history be made?
… and that's the Last Word.
Feel free to leave comments below.
"Throughout his career and this campaign, Donald Trump has shown us exactly who he is. We should believe him," Hillary Clinton said at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada, Thursday before going through a laundry list of Trump's most divisive and controversial moments from this election cycle.
Here were a few key lines from her speech:
"The man who today is the standard-bearer of the Republican Party said a federal judge was incapable of doing his job solely because of his heritage. Even the Republican Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, described that as "the textbook definition of a racist comment."
"And when Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them."
"Trump said thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks. They didn't."
"[Trump] suggested that Ted Cruz's father was involved in the Kennedy assassination. Perhaps in Trump's mind, because he was a Cuban immigrant, he must have had something to do with it. Of course there's absolutely no evidence of that."
Clinton also attacked Trump's newest campaign manager, Stephen Bannon, the CEO of ultra-conservative news site Breitbart, who, Clinton said, promotes the "emerging racist ideology known as the 'alt-right.'"
It was a brutal speech, as Slate's political reporter Jamelle Bouie noted:
Man Clinton is out there just roasting Trump — Jamelle Bouie (@jbouie) August 25, 2016
Clinton is giving Republicans an out
But Clinton was also trying to separate Trump from "mainstream conservatism," arguing that Trump was part of the alt-right movement – an extreme right-wing fringe movement.
In other words, Clinton "otherized" Trump, a phrase used by the Daily Caller's Matt Lewis back in June. To Lewis, this strategy would convince Republican voters to stay at home in November:
If she wants to keep GOPers home, Hillary needs to *surgically* otherize Trump--AND resist the temptation to cast aspersions on all GOPers. — Matt Lewis (@mattklewis) June 10, 2016
Lewis noted that this speech did exactly that:
Hillary is doing EXACTLY what she should. https://t.co/gnHTSwhm78 — Matt Lewis (@mattklewis) August 25, 2016
Clinton wasn't just reminding her supporters why they should vote for her; she was also "creating a permission structure" for Republicans weary of Trump's vitriol to "ditch Trump," political reporter Sahil Kapur tweeted during the speech:
Clinton speech is all about creating a permission structure for Republicans to ditch Trump—favorable shout-outs to Cruz, Ryan, McCain, GWB. — Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) August 25, 2016
Traditional conservatives have had difficulty accepting Trump's bombast. He's forced lifelong Republicans to either support a party leader known for openly making racist, discriminatory claims and who has seemingly no allegiance to conservative values, or break ranks with the Republican Party altogether. To date, we have seen upward of 41 prominent Republicans say they will not support Trump in November, including Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz.
Others, like House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have forced themselves into a political pretzel, distancing themselves from Trump by denouncing his claims but supporting his candidacy for the sake of party unity.
Clinton highlighted this dilemma in her speech, even citing Ryan's disavowal of Trump's attack on Judge Curiel and calling out Bannon for railing "against Paul Ryan for, quote, ‘rubbing his social justice Catholicism in my nose every second.'"
Those were key moments Politico's Gabriel Debenedetti pointed out. Clinton "invoked" Ryan, and respected Republican leaders, to widen the gap between Trump and the Republican Party.
Key moment was when Clinton invoked Paul Ryan. Underlying message to R voters: take your pick, Ryanism or Trumpism. — Gabriel Debenedetti (@gdebenedetti) August 25, 2016
Clinton had a simple message: Trump isn't a Republican, and Republicans should feel okay separating from him.
Correction: This article incorrectly stated John McCain does not support Donald Trump. While McCain has admonished Trump's claims, he has not formally withdrawn his support. We regret the error.
What the media gets wrong about Trump voters
Nintendo has announced that movies are coming. Here are some thoughts on what might make decent movies from their flagship franchises, and the difficulties the producers and writers would face:
Mario: Probably the most difficult to make into a movie, as we're all painfully aware. Sticking to CGI would probably have to be done, as it's hard to imagine live-action working in the zany world of Mario Land. Perhaps a Mario Galaxy-esque film where Mario meets some aliens and has to help them, discovering later on that Bowser is behind their plight… or something. What could work is a more localised story, something like Luigi's Mansion – with a strong and defined theme and location. It's a really tough one though, but Nintendo do seem to be implying it'll happen with this announcement.
Zelda: The big question with a Zelda film is whether to make it an all-out LotR-style epic with grand Hyrule battles and lots of characters, or to keep it more intimate and focus on Link and his solitary journey through dungeons and towns of Hyrule on his quest to save Zelda. Personally, I would prefer the latter, and there's no reason why it couldn't work as live-action. Perhaps a trilogy that sees Link visit a dungeon in each movie – meeting the Zora, the Gorons and the Gerudo in each one could work. The biggest difficulty would be the writing and casting of Link, who of course we know only as a silent protagonist. He would of course have to speak, and in fairness in Wind Waker and Skyward sword in particular Link ahs been given defining character traits that shouldn't be too hard to translate into a speaking role.
Metroid: Probably more difficult than Zelda, as a key element that has defined the Metroid games so far has been Samus' solitude and loneliness in a struggle against the mysterious forces of the Space Pirates and Metroids. Other M and to an extent Corruption tried to mix it up by adding more characters, but at best this only served to muddy the feel of the games, and at worst caused fan outrage. Solitude can work in films, and even in films based in space (Gravity, Interstellar) so there's no real reason it couldn't work – I'd like to see it borrow heavily from the first Alien in terms of atmosphere and structure.
Star Fox: The franchise that probably best lends itself to the movie world, the lovable muppets in the Star Fox Zero promo could make a great ‘Star-Wars-Lite' style film, maybe aged at a younger audience than Disney's behemoth. Perhaps an origin story of the Star Fox Team, showing how Fox's father banded together the original team, culminating in his death and the birth of Fox McCloud?
F-Zero: Another tough one, although Nintendo has done well to have already established backstories for the many pilots in the game. A film would have to follow Captain Falcon and probably his rivalry with Samurai Goroh. The high-speed racing and inter-galactic courses have the potential to be spectacular, but as Nintendo seem reluctant to even make another game in the franchise, it's unlikely F-Zero will see the silver screen anytime soon.
Smash Bros: Nintendo's ideal scenario financially would be to have a ‘Nintendo Cinematic Universe' a la Marvel and DC, but their franchises are so different it's hard to imagine how it would be feasible. Only the first Smash really gave any attempt at a narrative as to why the characters were all fighting together, with the novel toy box idea; but it's unlikely that will manifest on-screen as it would surely be too similar to Toy Story and The Lego Movie. Even if they managed to find a good excuse for the universes to mesh, it's hard to imagine Master Hand being a compelling villain in film. Let's hope they avoid this route.
Pokémon: of course there have already been a boatload of Pokémon anime films, which have seen some success. But a big-budget live-action movie would be a sight to behold, and if Pokémon Go really kicks off it could pave the way for a live film. Even a live-action re-imagining of the first film that sees the rise of Mewtwo would be pretty cool, although they would be more likely to tie it in with whichever Pokémon game had been released at the time.
Whatever happens I hope Nintendo proceeds with caution. I think they are right to pursue this avenue as they have some of the best franchises going, but the last thing they want to do is tarnish a brand in the eyes of a new generation, and a film flop can do exactly that.
A new report claims to offer "the first science-based list of global risks with a potentially infinite impact where in extreme cases all human life could end." Those risks, the authors argue, include everything from climate change to supervolcanoes to artificial intelligence.
By "infinite impact," the authors — led by Dennis Pamlin of the Global Challenge Foundation and Stuart Armstrong of the Future of Humanity Institute — mean risks capable of either causing human extinction or leading to a situation where "civilization collapses to a state of great suffering and does not recover."
The good news is that the authors aren't convinced we're doomed. Pamlin and Armstrong are of the view that humans have a long time left — possibly millions of years: "The dinosaurs were around for 135 million years and if we are intelligent, there are good chances that we could live for much longer," they write. Roughly 108 billion people have ever been alive, and Pamlin and Armstrong estimate that, if humanity lasts for 50 million years, the total number of humans who will ever live is more like 3 quadrillion.
That's an optimistic assessment of humanity's prospects, but it also means that if something happens to make humans go extinct, the moral harm done will be immense. Guarding against events with even a small probability of causing that is worthwhile.
So the report's authors conducted a scientific literature review and identified 12 plausible ways it could happen:
1) Catastrophic climate change
The scenario that the authors envision here isn't 2ºC (3.6ºF) warming, of the kind that climate negotiators have been fighting to avoid for decades. It's warming of 4 or 6ºC (7.2 or 10.8ºF), a truly horrific scenario which it's not clear humans could survive.
According to a 2013 World Bank report, "there is also no certainty that adaptation to a 4°C world is possible." Warming at that level would displace huge numbers of people as sea levels rise and coastal areas become submerged. Agriculture would take a giant hit.
Pamlin and Armstrong also express concern about geoengineering. In such an extreme warming scenario, things like spraying sulfate particles into the stratosphere to cool the Earth may start to look attractive to policymakers or even private individuals. But the risks are unknown, and Pamlin and Armstrong conclude that "the biggest challenge is that geoengineering may backfire and simply make matters worse."
2) Nuclear war
The "good" news here is that nuclear war could only end humanity under very special circumstances. Limited exchanges, like the US's bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in World War II, would be humanitarian catastrophes but couldn't render humans extinct.
Even significantly larger exchanges fall short of the level of impact Pamlin and Armstrong require. "Even if the entire populations of Europe, Russia and the USA were directly wiped out in a nuclear war — an outcome that some studies have shown to be physically impossible, given population dispersal and the number of missiles in existence — that would not raise the war to the first level of impact, which requires > 2 billion affected," Pamlin and Armstrong write.
So why does nuclear war make the list? Because of the possibility of nuclear winter. That is, if enough nukes are detonated, world temperatures would fall dramatically and quickly, disrupting food production and possibly rendering human life impossible. It's unclear if that's even possible, or how big a war you'd need to trigger it, but if it is a possibility, that means a massive nuclear exchange is a possible cause of human extinction.
3) Global pandemic
As with nuclear war, not just any pandemic qualifies. Past pandemics — like the Black Death or the Spanish flu of 1918 — have killed tens of millions of people, but failed to halt civilization. The authors are interested in an even more catastrophic scenario.
Is that plausible? Medicine has improved dramatically since the Spanish flu. But on the flip side, transportation across great distances has increased, and more people are living in dense urban areas. That makes worldwide transmission much more of a possibility.
Even a pandemic that killed off most humanity would surely leave a few survivors who have immunity to the disease. The risk isn't that a single contagion kills everyone; it's that a pandemic kills enough people that the rudiments of civilization — agriculture, principally — can't be maintained and the survivors die off.
4) Ecological catastrophe
"Ecological collapse refers to a situation where an ecosystem suffers a drastic, possibly permanent, reduction in carrying capacity for all organisms, often resulting in mass extinction," the report explains.
Mass extinctions can happen for a number of reasons, many of which have their own categories on this list: global warming, an asteroid impact, etc. The journalist Elizabeth Kolbert has argued that humans may be in the process of causing a mass extinction event, not least due to carbon emissions. Given that humans are heavily dependent on ecosystems, both natural and artificial, for food and other resources, mass extinctions that disrupt those ecosystems threaten us as well.
5) Global system collapse
This is a vague one, but it basically means the world's economic and political systems collapse, by way of something like "a severe, prolonged depression with high bankruptcy rates and high unemployment, a breakdown in normal commerce caused by hyperinflation, or even an economically-caused sharp increase in the death rate and perhaps even a decline in population."
The paper also mentions other possibilities, like a coronal mass ejection from the Sun that disrupts electrical systems on Earth.
That said, it's unclear whether these things would pose an existential threat. Humanity has survived past economic downturns — even massive ones like the Great Depression. An economic collapse would have to be considerably more massive than that to risk human extinction or to kill enough people that the survivors couldn't recover.
6) Major asteroid impact
Major asteroid impacts have caused large-scale extinction on Earth in the past. Most famously, the Chicxulub impact 66 million years ago is widely believed to have caused the mass extinction that wiped out the dinosaurs (an alternative theory blames volcanic eruptions, about which more in a second). Theoretically, a future impact could have a similar effect.
The good news is that NASA is fairly confident in its ability to track asteroids large enough to seriously disrupt human life upon impact, and detection efforts are improving. Scientists are also working on developing ways to deflect asteroids that would have a truly devastating effect, such as by crashing spacecraft into them with enough force to change their path, avoiding Earth.
7) Supervolcano
As with asteroids, there's historical precedent for volcanic eruptions causing mass extinction. The Permian–Triassic extinction event, which rendered something like 90 percent of the Earth's species extinct, is believed to have been caused by an eruption.
Eruptions can cause significant global cooling and can disrupt agricultural production. They're also basically impossible to prevent, at least today, though they're also extremely rare. The authors conclude another Permian-Triassic level eruption is "extremely unlikely on human timescales, but the damage from even a smaller eruption could affect the climate, damage the biosphere, affect food supplies, and create political instability."
As with pandemics, the risk isn't so much that the event itself will kill everyone so much as that it'd make continued survival untenable for those who lived through it.
8) Synthetic biology
This isn't a risk today, but it could be in the future. Synthetic biology is an emerging scientific field that focuses on the creation of biological systems, including artificial life.
The hypothetical danger is that the tools of synthetic biology could be used to engineer a supervirus or superbacteria that is more infectious and capable of mass destruction than one that evolved naturally. Most likely, such an organism would be created as a biological weapon, either for a military or a non-state actor.
The risk is that such a weapon would either be used in warfare or a terrorist attack, or else leak from a lab accidentally. Either scenario could wind up threatening humanity as a whole if the bioweapon spreads beyond the initial target and becomes a global problem. As with regular pandemics, actual extinction would only happen if survivors were unable to adapt to a giant population decline.
9) Nanotechnology
This is another potential risk in the future. The concern here is that nanotech democratizes industrial production, thus giving many more actors the ability to develop highly destructive weapons. "Of particular relevance is whether nanotechnology allows rapid uranium extraction and isotope separation and the construction of nuclear bombs, which would increase the severity of the consequent conflicts," Pamlin and Armstrong write. Traditional balance-of-power dynamics wouldn't apply if individuals and small groups were capable of amassing large, powerful arsenals.
There's also a concern that self-replicating nanotech would create a "gray goo" scenario, in which it grows out of control and encroaches upon resources humans depend on, causing mass disruption and potentially civilizational collapse.
10) Artificial Intelligence
The report is also concerned with the possibility of exponential advances in artificial intelligence. Once computer programs grow advanced enough to teach themselves computer science, they could use that knowledge to improve themselves, causing a spiral of ever-increasing superintelligence.
If AI remains friendly to humans, this would be a very good thing indeed, and has the prospect to speed up research in a variety of domains. The risk is that AI has little use for humans and either out of malevolence or perceived necessity destroys us all.
11) Future bad governance
This is perhaps the vaguest item on the list — a kind of meta-risk. Most of the problems enumerated above would require some kind of global coordinated action to address. Climate change is the most prominent example, but in the future things like nanotech and AI regulation would need to be coordinated internationally.
The danger is that governance structures often fail and sometimes wind up exacerbating the problems they were trying to fix. A policy failure in dealing with a threat that could cause human extinction would thus have hugely negative consequences.
12) Unknown unknowns
The first 11 items on the list are risks we can identify as potential threats worth tackling. There are almost certainly other dangers out there with grave potential impacts that we can't predict. It's hard to even think about how to tackle this problem, but more research into global catastrophic risks could be helpful.
WATCH: 'The fascinating process of human decomposition'
By Sam Perley, hornets.com
After almost nine days off to rest and recharge, the Hornets will be back on the court Friday night as they look to make their second postseason run in three years. From an initial glance, Charlotte's schedule sets up favorably if the team hopes to at the very least hang onto the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.
The most notable change heading into the second half of the season is the addition of shooting guard, Courtney Lee, who was acquired from the Grizzlies on Feb. 16. In exchange, Charlotte sent P.J. Hairston to Memphis along with two future second-round picks and Brian Roberts, who was also involved in the three-team deal, to the Miami Heat. So far this year, Lee is averaging 10.0 points on 45.8 percent shooting, 2.3 rebounds and 1.5 assists. The eight-year veteran out of Western Kentucky University was drafted by Orlando in 2008 and played his rookie season under Steve Clifford and Patrick Ewing when they were assistant coaches with the Magic.
For the most part, the Hornets roster is relatively healthy and hopefully benefited from a nine-day recovery period. Barring a setback, Al Jefferson will be returning to Charlotte's lineup on Friday night after missing the last two months following knee surgery. The obvious exception to a healthy Hornets roster is Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, who unfortunately tore his right labrum for the second time this season on Feb. 10 and will be sidelined for the remainder of the year.
Coming out of the All-Star Break, the Hornets own a 27-26 record, which is the first time they have been above .500 at this point of the season in six years. Since NBA basketball returned to the city beginning in 2004, the Hornets have made the playoffs two times. Charlotte was swept in the first round in 2010 by the Orlando Magic and in 2014 by the Miami Heat, both of whom went on to compete in the NBA Finals.
The Hornets have 29 games remaining on their 2015-16 schedule, 13 of which will be at home. Charlotte currently holds a 19-9 record at home this season, which is the third-best home-winning percentage in the Eastern Conference (.679) behind only the Cleveland Cavaliers (.846) and Toronto Raptors (.750). These 19 home wins already match the Hornets total from the entire 2014-15 NBA season. Charlotte is also ranked first in the Eastern Conference at home in turnovers (12.9) and free throws made (20.5) and second in three-pointers made (10.3) and blocks (6.6).
Schedule-wise, the Hornets look to be in good shape. Of the six teams currently separated by five games from fifth place to 10th place in the Eastern Conference (Miami, Indiana, Chicago, Charlotte, Detroit and Washington), the Hornets have the second-easiest remaining schedule as their opponents hold a combined .464 winning percentage. Out of the entire NBA, only the Milwaukee Bucks (.448) and Washington Wizards (.453) have a weaker strength of schedule the rest of the season than the Hornets.
Charlotte will have to play three back-to-backs sets entirely on the road in late March and early April. However, the team is done with its Western Conference road trips and will go no further than the central time zone the rest of the season.
Winning a season series in the Eastern Conference is also important, as they are the tiebreakers used to determine seeding if teams finish with identical records at the end of the year. The Hornets have already won the season series against Chicago, 3-1, and lead Indiana and Detroit, 1-0, both of which are three-game season series. Charlotte is also up 2-1 on the Wizards and trail Miami, 1-2, each with a road game remaining. In the event a season series is tied, inter-division and then inter-conference records are the next tiebreakers.
While the playoffs are by no means a lock as a wide array of variables can always come into play, the Hornets are set up quite well at the moment for a run at the postseason. Although Charlotte might not yet be in the upper echelon of the NBA's elite teams, fans can be assured there will still be plenty of exciting basketball being played at Time Warner Cable Arena over the next couple of months.
(Statistics courtesy of Charlotte Hornets Public Relations and NBA.com)
Key Matchup vs. Bucks: Jeremy Lin vs. Khris Middleton
With Courtney Lee's Charlotte debut likely on hold until Sunday, look for the Hornets to roll with Jeremy Lin in the starting lineup when they head to Milwaukee to take on Khris Middleton and the Bucks on Friday night… Lin continues to impress in his first season with the Hornets, posting averages of 12.1 points, 3.3 rebounds and 3.3 assists in 50 games this season…Charlotte will largely count on Lin to lock down Khris Middleton, who is in the midst of a breakout year in Milwaukee… Now in his fourth season out of Texas A&M, Middleton is posting a team and career-high 17.9 points to go along with 3.8 rebounds and 4.0 assists, the latter of which is also a personal best… Shutting down Middleton will be imperative if Lin and the Hornets want to kick off the second half of the season with a win in the Bradley Center on Friday night.
Key Matchup vs. Nets: Marvin Williams vs. Thaddeus Young
The Hornets will need Marvin Williams to keep rolling along in his 11th season when they head into Brooklyn to do battle with Thaddeus Young and the Nets on Sunday evening… Williams has seen his career rejuvenated in his second season in Charlotte, posting averages of 10.5 points on 44.0 percent shooting (career-high 38.6 percent from three-point range) to go along with career highs in rebounding (6.6) and blocks (1.0)… Charlotte will need another solid performance from Williams when he goes up against the versatile Thaddeus Young of the Brooklyn Nets… Young is tallying 15.1 points on 51.3 percent shooting along with a team high and career-high 9.1 rebounds in his first full season with the Nets… In what has quickly turned into a lost season for Brooklyn, Williams and the Hornets still can't afford to tread lightly against Young and the Nets in their Sunday evening showdown at the Barclays Center.
Via Mike Hewlett's Twitter feed comes this tale of overregulation of rental spaces in the Venice Beach area of Los Angeles.
The LA Times reports:
Worried that their new landlord was trying to turn their Venice apartment building into a kind of illegal hotel, Phyllis Murphy and her neighbors wrote a letter to city officials. The residents complained that some of the units were being rented out to tourists for short stays, bringing a revolving door of strangers into the complex on a tranquil stretch of Third Avenue.... So it was a shock when Murphy — a plucky 67-year-old with reddish hair and an easy laugh — abruptly found herself facing eviction. City inspectors said they spotted the rentals that bothered Murphy. But they also concluded that only four of the eight units in the building had been legally permitted, according to city documents.
This doesn't quite rise to the level of seriousness evinced by, say, The Lives of Others, the German film about ubiquitous spying in the old GDR. But there's a level of irony here that seems lost not just of Phyllis Murphy but the Times' reporter, too:
More than 1,700 such "bootlegged" apartments have been shut down in the wake of city inspections since 2010, according to the housing department. Many are discovered through routine inspections of rental housing, but they can also be detected when city inspectors react to complaints about an apartment being used for an illegal purpose, like the one that Murphy and her neighbors lodged with the city.... Before the tenants asked the city for help, inspectors had never spotted any problem with extra units in their apartment building. Housing officials say that the building had been inspected before, but they don't check a building's original paperwork during those routine inspections unless something makes them suspicious. After the residents raised concerns about illegal rentals, the department took a look at its files. City inspectors say four apartments at the Venice building were converted into eight by walling off bedrooms.
Read the full article here.
In an alternate reality, the city government wouldn't be calling shots on what is legal and illegal in terms of apartments, rents, sub-contracting, you name it. That would fall on the shoulders of owners and renters rather than what is at best a capricious set of rules enforced by bureaucrats whose actions are subject to wide variation.
According to Lisa Sturtevant of the National Housing Conference, regulatory approvals (zoning, inspections, and more) add up to $50,000 to the cost of new single-family dwellings in urban areas. That's a lot of scratch that ends limiting housing supply and squeezing residents in all sorts of ways.
Watch Todd Krainin's documentary "Jay Austin's Beautiful, Illegal Tiny House" to catch a glimpse of one way to make urban housing more affordable and more beautiful as well.
A group that organizers say numbered 427 all did simultaneous handstands in Dolores Park on Saturday, attempting to break a Guinness world record set by 399 people in Belgium a decade ago.
As Mission Local reports, the group, called Handstand, initially came up short by about 50 people, but volunteers went around recruiting others from sunny day picnics in the park, and they now believe they've broken the record  they'll be sending footage they took of the event to the Guinness people for review and confirmation.
The group set up this website to help recruit volunteers and was recently giving handstand lessons as well. Says the website, "Do you ever read those news stories about really successful 20 and 30 somethings and think 'Wow, what have I done with my life?' Well now you'll have an answer: you helped set a f*cking world record."
Following the attempt, Handstand posted to Facebook that it was a "massive success," and "we couldn't have done it without all of you."
Next up, on September 9, the group is running an app-based citywide scavenger hunt.
In a recent piece in The Daily Beast, Michael Lind offers a solid blueprint for a liberal nightmare: Rising populist sentiment in the working class base of the Democratic Party could very well cost the Left both its agenda and even a second term for President Obama. A few of Lind's prime examples include the tax failings of top administration cabinet appointments. Timothy Geithner's ascension to Treasury Secretary is a particularly vulnerable point, and the "taxes are for little people" mixes rather well with Rick Santelli's rant about the unfairness of watching your irresponsible neighbor keep his or her house. These issues, along with the fear of Republicans redefining the stimulus and bailouts as special-interest hand-outs, Lind argues, have political implications as wide-sweeping as the Left's fall from grace in the 1960s with Lyndon B. Johnson and the Great Society:
If the Right succeeds in defining the stimulus passage as a giveaway to minorities and women at the expense of unemployed working-class white men (and their wives and children), then conservatives have half the populist script written for them. The other half is provided by the bailout, if that is perceived as a massive subsidy to financiers with political clout in Washington. The acolytes of Lee Atwater and Karl Rove will find it easy to write a campaign ad in 2010 or 2012 portraying Democrats as an alliance of the top and the bottom against the middle—a classic populist theme.
Both scenarios are entirely possible. There's been a lot of recent writing on the ratio of Republican to Democratic TV commentators (it's rather off). House Majority John Boehner (R-OH) and several Southern governors, such as Louisiana's Bobby Jindal (R), are soaking up the ratings. But after a brutal news cycle covering the negotiations and continued Republican grandstanding, recent polling shows high approval ratings for Obama as well as a strengthening among his base and Independents.
He's only losing Republican support, and the GOP isn't winning any ground with egregious misrepresentations of the stimulus; it doesn't look like it's gaining much traction with the "porkulus" angle. Over at The Next Right, Patrick Ruffini expressed surprise over a "Breaking News Alert" email from The Washington Post. The email carried the item, "Large majorities support president's $787 billion economic stimulus package and $75 billion plan for stemming mortgage foreclosures, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll":
This is "breaking news?" That the media released a poll? Are bottom lines that pressed that both the Gray Lady and the Post feel it necessary to spam their readers on a daily basis with mundane tidbits that are most definitely not breaking news? These e-mails get sent almost daily, and this is only the worst infraction, but certainly not the only one.
I suspect the "breaking news" has more to do with the virulent nature of stimulus commentary. Considering how remarkably combative, insulting, and counter-productive rhetoric from the Far Right has been, as well as the immensity of America's economic distress, it's no surprise the Post threw around that poll with gusto.
There is strong evidence, though far from concrete proof, that a good part of Obama's message and his handling of the issues are resonating with voters despite cyclonic print, network and online coverage. YouTube videos certainly don't have the impact that TV first had on presidential communication; the Internet is the filter for YouTube that print and radio couldn't be for television. But a filter does not catch everything, and Obama's steadfast line of bipartisanship is definitely paying off. The public perceives—if not as much as liberals would like—a divide between the administration's legitimate bipartisan efforts and Republican ideological, hands-in-pockets heel-digging.
The failings of Tom Daschle and Geithner need to be taken on the chin, the former less so than the latter since Geithner was actually confirmed. The irony is baldly unsubtle, and the administration is fast running out of vetting bona fides. More importantly, the notion that Geithner's tax problems run the risk of triggering populist resentment via a perceived double standard is flawed; the public is consistently reminded of the double-standards of all politicians: Bill Clinton's womanizing, Christian Republicans' own moral failings, Spitzer, Vitter, Ted Stevens, John Edwards. Geithner's timing couldn't be worse, but it isn't the impetus for Lind's populist movement.
No liberal I know denies the serious costs of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—our social safety net. The sweeping legislation that LBJ ushered in with his vision of a Great Society permanently changed America's fiscal environment. A good amount of that legislation was born of Ivory Tower, "brightest and best" types, rife with major problems for future Congresses and administrations to solve, but its impact on the quality of American life is a liberal cornerstone. The immense crush of deficit spending that accompanied LBJ's Great Society was not that liberally pure; indeed, one of the first benefactors of deficit spending was the military, helping to chart a trajectory that has put America's defense budget atmospherically higher than any other country's.
The Vietnam War was LBJ's undoing; he couldn't sell the war and the Great Society at the same time, and the Left collapsed. Lind glosses over this in his essay, but America's current military situation, coupled with domestic costs, is potentially more problematic than a populist turn of political events. The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have drained a huge amount of money, but scaling back forces in Iraq while pushing more into Afghanistan isn't going to close the deficit; letting Bush's tax cuts expire might. Thankfully Obama will probably do just that. The hoots and hollers from the Right over such a "tax increase" are disingenuous because a) the stimulus' tax cuts are deeper than Bush's (and history's), and b) Bush's tax cuts were meant to expire, at least in theory.
The administration ramped up strikes within Pakistan's border—exactly what Obama he said he'd do in the campaign—and ordered 17,000 more troops into Afghanistan. That is going to cost money. Not necessarily Iraq-level tabs, but enough to be a major dent in the administration's budget. It's quite possible the continued cost of war is as much a factor on the size of the stimulus as was the blanket resistance from Congressional Republicans.
Marc Ambinder does some clutch aggregating of various op-ed pages across the pages regarding the War in Afghanistan:
The Concord Monitor makes a strong case that President Obama should explain to the American people—and to the families of soldiers who might die there - exactly what the mission in Afghanistan is, how long it might take and how success will be measured.
And,
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette echoes these concerns, arguing that the country still doesn't been given a clear understanding of "the parameters, the objectives or the end game" of the Afghanistan conflict. Can America realistically escalate its war efforts abroad at a time when it is strenuously grappling with economic survival at home?
A lot depends on how much Obama commits to Afghanistan; it's easy to forget that America's wars are as big an item as the economy, health care and energy reform. The administration has been trying since day one to fill in all the corners of domestic and international policy. Despite their efforts, gaps remain in the Treasury Department and the Cabinet itself. The administration had the ball in its court on November 5, but it's still playing catch-up (as is the rest of the country) in some areas.
The Left's agenda will not rise and fall with economic crisis. So far it is weathering the storm far better than the Right. And it is gaining momentum with support from Alan Greenspan, Lindsay Graham, the MBAs (kind of), and young professionals. But as Lind's essay illustrates effectively, there are too many variables to presume any sort of concrete political future for either party. His conclusions lean toward doom and gloom; mine are more optimistic. Each of the forces at play in America's domestic, economic and foreign spheres are great enough to produce a domino affect in either direction. So far the Obama administration is keeping up in the right places and leading in others—but there is a long way to go.
Photo of the Larry O'Brien Trophy in John Walls locker. (Photo: Justin Sherman)
WASHINGTON (WUSA9) -- In John Wall's locker is a piece of Wizards' history that dates back to the "Big Three" era. Buried beneath three pairs of his signature "John Wall 1" sneakers lies a framed photo of the Larry O'Brien trophy, the same photo that once hung in the locker of Wizards' great, Antawn Jamison.
THE DC SPORTS BOG REPORTS: "For me, it's the only thing left I have to accomplish,Jamison told CSN's Chris Miller in 2010. It's the only thing I want to accomplish. And I told [teammates], I need that trophy in my locker room, because when I come sit, when I come to work every day, that's the only thing that I want to see before I go out there on that court. That's the one thing that I want to see."
Jamison's championship dreams never came true and when he was traded to Cleveland, he left his "vision board" behind. The next season, Wall inherited Jamison's corner locker, where the photo still hung.
ESPN.COM REPORTS:"They wanted to get rid of it, and I said, `No.' That's the goal," Wall explained, his rat-a-tat patter off the court as swift as his play is on it. "I don't touch it, though. I don't want to touch one `til I win one."
The Bullets/Wizards have not "touched" the Larry O'Brien trophy since 1978 but are off to their best start since even before then. With last night's win over the Pistons the Bullets/Wizards are 6-2 for the first time since 1975.
“They wanted to get rid of it, and I said, `No.' That's the goal, Wall explained. I don't touch it, though. I don't want to touch one `til I win one.”
As we all remember, the great French author and teacher of mental science Genevieve Behrend once wrote: "Nothing can prevent your picture from coming into concrete form except the same power which gave it birth – yourself"
While Behrend never knew the "power" of LeBron James, it's still good to see Wall's focus is on the ultimate prize. Unless he can't see the photo behind all those shoes.
Getty Images
Yes, PFT Live starts in mere minutes. But I needed to post this one before the show begins.
Mike Triplett of the New Orleans Times-Picayune reports that center Olin Kreutz has left the Saints.
Kreutz's agent told Triplett that the veteran center “no longer feels passion and doesn't want to just collect paycheck.”
Kreutz appeared in, and started, four games for the Saints this season. He was not re-signed by the Bears during free agency, after 13 years with the team.
And the Bears' decision to dump Kreutz arguably has been vindicated.
UPDATE 12:53 p.m. ET: Jeff Duncan of the New Orleans Times-Picayune said during Friday's PFT Live that Kreutz has not retired, and that coach Sean Payton is expected to address the media to discuss the roster move that the Saints will make in response to Kreutz's decision. The Saints could choose to cut Kreutz, giving him the ability to play elsewhere. Or the Saints could put him on a reserve list that would shut him down for the rest of the season.
Microsoft will soon be test-driving a feature in Windows 10 that could forever change how you use your PC. It's also a feature you've already been using for years.
Say hello to tabs. Or as Microsoft calls them, ‘Sets.'
While Microsoft isn't sure whether that name will stick, the idea is to bring browser-like tabs to not just Chrome and Edge, but virtually every Windows app. Moreover, it's not just grouping duplicate instances of a single app; you can actually combine different apps into one window. Check out Microsoft's explainer video:
Basically, Sets could help you keep apps group related apps for particular tasks, projects, or ideas, rather than just being a mess of windows that you're constantly rearranging. If you're researching a paper, for instance, you could theoretically combine a PDF reader, a PowerPoint presentation, and notes all into to one tabbed window.
Granted, you could already organize your apps by task or idea by using virtual desktops, but that method has some drawbacks. You can assign different desktops to tasks or projects, for example, but you can't see or move them all at once. Sets would be giving users another layer of control to keep things nice and tidy.
Besides, tabs are likely more intuitive for the average user. After all, organizing resources into tabs is already how we browse the web and use plenty of Web apps. Heck, this is basically how Chrome OS operates. Microsoft is simply expanding that organizational concept to the desktop with full-fledged apps.
The idea was born out of the ‘Timeline' concept Microsoft introduced back during its Build conference in May. That feature allowed you to go back in time to see what apps you were using at any given moment, allowing you to easily resume a work setup or project. Sets are simply another way to group your apps.
Windows Timeline
At first, the feature will only be available on UWP (Universal Windows Platform) apps first because their sandboxed nature helps ensure you don't break anything major. Over time, it seems the company hopes to expand to first part apps like Office and traditional Win32 apps as well.
In any case, it could be quite some time before the feature ever hits the public. Even users in Microsoft's Insider testing program won't all have access to it; the company will randomly select a small group of testers who will be able to access the feature to start. I hope I'm one of the lucky ones; as far as I'm concerned this is one of the most useful changes to Windows in years.
Coming soon to a flight near you! on Windows Blog
Read next: FCC Chairman derides Twitter bias while avoiding net neutrality issue
Rent at the 163-story Burj Khalifa doesn't come cheap. While a one-bedroom "only" costs $55,000 a year (according to CNN), it's the $25,000 service fee that really gets you. Now, a fight over these fees may force tenants to make the climb home on foot.
According to The National UAE, the owner of the building—the property giant Emaar—warned tenants that it will be forced to cut electricity to the elevators and air-conditioning, as well as restrict access to amenities, over thousands of dollars of unpaid bills. The cut-off was due to happen on Sunday, but Emaar gave tenants a "reprieve" so that they could access their homes—though amenities like communal areas were cut off. "We view it as a small win for tenants that we can use the elevators but it's best to move soon," one renter told the paper. Indeed.
Advertisement
What's unclear is whether it's the tenants—or their landlords, who act as a go-between for the developer and individual renters—who aren't paying up. In some cases, it seems that nonpayment is a tactic that landlords use to needle developers, whom landlords see as overcharging for service fees.
Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images.
As The National points out, some developers in Dubai force payment using a tactic called "name and shame," where they plaster non-paying tenants names' across billboards at the entrances of developments. That might not work at the Burj, since the tenants themselves aren't the ones missing payments, but rather the landlords they rent from. Emaar, it seems, might need to look for a new way to shame.
Advertisement
Image by Isabell Schulz/CC.
Either way, this is big trouble for the renters. Imagine, after paying tens of thousands of dollars in cash for a place to sleep inside the tallest, most luxe building on Earth, being forced to walk up the stairs. And that's not to mention the air conditioning issue; the Burj's windows don't open, and the intense gulf sun could turn the building into what basically amounts to a pressure cooker.
Advertisement
In conclusion, be thankful for your crappy operable windows. And the fact that your walk-up is only four stories, not 163. [The National]
Palestine will become an official member of the International Criminal Court (ICC) today after the Palestinian permanent observer at the U.N., Riyad Mansour, submitted the official application to join the ICC to the U.N. secretary-general in January. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas signed a document declaring that his government accepts the jurisdiction of the ICC. After the document was signed, the ICC formally recognized the Palestinians' accession to the Rome Statute, the basic document of the court, which paved the way for the prosecution of Israeli soldiers. On Jan. 16, the ICC's prosecutor, Fatou Bensouda, opened a preliminary examination "into the situation in Palestine." Al-Jazeera quoted Bensouda as saying, "I am looking at everything that is alleged to have been committed in the territory of Palestine. Depending on the facts and circumstances, my office will decide whether to continue to collect information, ultimately initiate an investigation or decline to initiate an investigation." ICC spokesman Fadi El Abdallah said, "It gives the Palestinian government rights … including the issues of elections, of judges and prosecutor, and votes on the amendments of the Rome Statute, as well as the possibility to refer situations to the ICC prosecutor."
Through joining the ICC, Palestine aims to bring human rights violations and war crimes committed by Israeli troops to the court since Israeli actions remain unpunished despite many reports by the U.N. and independent nongovernmental organizations that have shown that Israel committed war crimes several times. The U.N. confirmed the receipt of the documents and said the next steps were being reviewed. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced in January that the state of Palestine will join the International Criminal Court on April 1. The ICC also made a statement, saying that "Palestine acceded to the Rome Statute on Jan. 2, 2015. The Rome Statute will enter into force for Palestine on April 1, 2015. In a related development, the Government of Palestine accepted, by means of a declaration under article 12(3) of the Rome Statute, the ICC jurisdiction since June 13, 2014."
Before Israel, the U.S. had voiced its concern over the application. A senior State Department official had said that steps to join the ICC will have implications for U.S. aid to the Palestinian Authority. "It should come as no surprise that there will be implications for this step, but we continue to review," the unnamed official said. Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had also said that Israel will not let its soldiers be tried at the ICC. "We will not let Israel Defense Forces soldiers and officers be dragged to the International Criminal Court in The Hague," Netanyahu said at the start of the weekly cabinet meeting two days after the Palestinians filed the application to become a party to the court. Netanyahu decided in consultation with senior ministers to withhold the next monthly transfer of tax revenue, totaling some 500 million shekels ($125 million) but decided last week to continue transferring the revenue. In return, some Israeli media outlets reported that the Palestinian Authority declared that it will not pursue action against the illegal Israeli settlements. However, "It is a huge lie. Taxes have nothing to do with our ICC approach. The ICC train already departed," said Xavier Abu Eid, a spokesman for the Palestine Liberation Organization.
As Palestine joins the ICC, the 50-day Israeli attacks on Gaza last summer could possibly be launched. A report released by Amnesty International in November accused the Israeli military of committing war crimes in Gaza during attacks on the Gaza Strip this summer that left more than 2,100 Palestinians dead including many civilians. The group investigated eight cases and said in the report: "In the eight cases documented by Amnesty International in this report, Israeli aircraft dropped aerial bombs on or launched missiles at homes they knew or should have known had civilians inside. The attacks resulted in the deaths of at least 111 individuals, including at least 104 civilians, and injured many others. Some 34 apartments and neighboring houses, home to more than 150 people, were destroyed or badly damaged in these attacks."
Moreover, the report said: "According to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, intentionally directing attacks against the civilian population as such or against individual civilians not taking direct part in hostilities and intentionally directing attacks against civilian objects constitute war crimes. In addition, regarding the destruction of entire homes, including apartment buildings, the 1949 Fourth Geneva Convention regulates Israel's actions as the occupying power in the Gaza Strip." Further chastising Israel as Gaza's occupying force, the report indicated that "any destruction by the Occupying Power of real or personal property belonging individually or collectively to private persons, to the State, to other public authorities or to social or cooperative organizations is prohibited, except where such destruction is rendered absolutely necessary by military operations." The report also cited international humanitarian law, which "also prohibits disproportionate attacks, [which are those that] may be expected to cause incidental loss of civilian life, injury to civilians, damage to civilian objects or a combination thereof, which would be excessive in relation to the concrete and direct military advantage anticipated. Intentionally launching an indiscriminate attack resulting in death or injury to civilians or a disproportionate attack constitutes a war crime."
In another report released by the Geneva-based Euromid Observer for Human Rights in October said that Palestinian civilians were subjected to "inhumane and abusive treatment such as beating, humiliation and exposure to the hot sun while naked for long periods of time" by the Israeli army. The report, "Israeli Matrix of Control: Use of Palestinian civilians as human shields," said that the use of humans as shields is a repeated Israeli policy in the occupied Palestinian territories citing similar cases reported in the West Bank based on testimonies collected by observers. "The use of human shields is a form of cruel and inhumane treatment and constitutes a flagrant violation of international humanitarian law and a war crime according to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court," the report said. The human rights organization urged the Fact Finding Committee of the Gaza Conflict established by the U.N. Human Rights Council to put "pressure on all parties found to be guilty of war crimes committed by the Israeli army."
So of course, Lloyd McClendon was asked about Fernando Rodney again. After every Rodney blown save or shaky outing, McClendon gets asked about Rodney's status as closer.
And like past times, McClendon backed Rodney and made no hint of change coming. Asked about what keeps him confident that Rodney can do the job?
“Well, Rodney has struggled a little bit, but so has everybody else,” McClendon said. “But the fact is, he's our closer. We need him. We are going to need him to be successful. I think people talk very lightly about changing closers. And that's fine, but you have to have somebody to do it. You just don't throw anybody in the ninth inning and say, ‘let him do it.' Because what happens when that guy doesn't do it? And that's exactly what's going to happen.
I've got a veteran that closed the game out in Tampa. He's been in the big leagues for a long time. And he said his adrenaline was flowing so high that he didn't even know what the first two pitches were that he threw. He had to back off the mound and get himself together. That's Joe Beimel and he's been around for a long time. He's been in big situations – playoff-type situations. It just proves that the ninth inning is not an easy inning. The old adage that anybody can do it. That's just not the case.”
Does he have a back-up closer if Rodney were to get hurt or unavailable?
“I don't have that guy right now,” McClendon said. “I know people point to the kid, Carson Smith. But he's a young kid and we have to be careful with him, particularly with his innings, particularly with back-to-back-to-back. I'm not sure if he can do that. I think his velocity goes down quite a bit. He's a young man and he still doesn't have his man muscles, so to speak. He needs to mature and continue to develop. He's done a nice job. I think part of him doing a nice job is the fact that we put him in situations where he can be successful. When you're a closer, you don't have that comfortability where we can put you in a situation where you can be successful. It is what it is and you have to go in and get it done.”
The Mariners have been careful in keeping him from facing too many tough left-handers this season. He has faced some, but they try to use him mostly against tough right-handed hitters. Smith has pitched three days in a row just once this season, and admitted to feeling gassed and lacking command on the third day. He's also taking as much as two days to recover after some back-to-back outings. The arm action and torque he throws can be fatiguing. It's typical of a young pitcher in his first year in the big leagues.
“The biggest thing with a kid like Carson is having the ability go out there three or four days in a row and have the same stuff,” McClendon said. “And then have the ability to blow a game and come back the next day to get a save. These are all questions that people take for granted. It's not that easy. We need to develop and continue to grow on the path that he's going. Eventually, he's going to be a a real, real good eighth inning guy or maybe even closer in the future. But today? No. He's not that guy.”
McClendon was asked about Rodney's 6.85 ERA and .307 batting average against. He's not concerned.
“He will and that's our job to get the best out of him,” McClendon said. “I will say this. People get caught up in hits and ERA. I don't give a damn about his ERA as long as he closes them out. That's all I care about. Last night was tough. His stuff was there. He missed his spot on a fastball that was supposed to be low and away and it was down and in to a hot spot on a lefty. Other than that, I think he's going to be just fine.
Montero and the minor leagues
As you'll read in the minor league report, Jesus Montero went 4-for-5 with a grand slam and six RBI. People have lobbied for him to come up. I don't see it happening based on what I'm hearing. There is a belief within the Mariners and outside organizations scouting him that Montero's approach would not lead to big league hitting.
“Body is different, problems with approach haven't changed,” said an opposing scout.
Basically, the belief is that major league pitchers would have little trouble getting Montero out. The current plan is to speed him up by pounding fastballs inside and then getting him to chase with curveballs away. He has 40 strikeouts in 200 ABs. Montero has had some success with soft throwing lefties in AAA – there's more than a few in the PCL. And power is still there, but big league level pitchers can execute a game plan to get him out with relative ease.
If you couple that with his defense at first base, which three scouts labeled as much improved but still well below average, and the Mariners are in a quandary. Could Montero help as part time player off the bench and DH? Possibly. But his lack of a real position would already hinder a flawed roster.
As for Franklin Gutierrez … he missed three games with stomach issues, missed another eight straight days with hamstring issues and then recently took himself out of the game after getting dizzy scoring from first on a double. Gutierrez can no longer play center field any more. He struggles to play left field because he simply doesn't have the leg strength and flexibility in the lower half. The ankylosing spondylitis – an arthritic disease – is a major cause of that. It also forces him to sit out a day after playing two or three days in a row. At best, he's a DH on most days. He's hitting AAA pitching and he should be considering his talent level. Right now, he can't be relied upon to be available when needed. And that isn't new.
Official game notes
Thecost of one of Muni's new diesel-electric hybrid buses approaches three-quarters of a million dollars. That's roughly twice what a regular old diesel bus costs, but San Francisco is a city that's willing to pay more. After all, can you really put a price tag on appearing to care about environmental issues?
This city is a place easily pegged as both tech-obsessed and superficial — and, sadly, we provide all too much fuel to power this notion. Diesel-electric hybrid fuel, as it were. San Francisco, it turns out, is a place that's great at spending money on high-tech gadgetry so it can check the save-the-environment box, next to “appearing to care about environmental issues,” but is not as good at actually enabling the gadgets to save the environment.
How else to explain spending prodigiously to obtain a fleet of cutting-edge New Flyer Xcelsior diesel-electric hybrid buses in the name of environmental cleanliness, but then seeing to it that a rudimentary pollution-control program would be disabled on the buses? Yes, insane, but that's exactly what this city did.
In August, a Muni spokeswoman confirmed on the record to Mission Local what we'd already established through back channels: that the city's newest, greenest, costliest hybrid buses “did not include an automatic shutdown for idling.” This was something Muni bus yard employees had been left to discover on their own; they were dismayed when they found that the new buses idled indefinitely, even for hours.
And why wouldn't they be? It's inconceivable that Muni's top-of-the-line new buses are not equipped with a standard engine shutoff feature that has been de rigueur in transit vehicles since George Deukmejian was governor. But not just transit vehicles: The Toyota Prius, the unofficial automobile of San Francisco, automatically shuts off its internal combustion engine at even a stop sign, and has done so since 2001. Even powerful cars, like the Chevy Malibu, now automatically click off and back on at a moment's notice. That's because, despite what you may have been taught, idling is bad for an engine. It's also wasteful: An idling vehicle is getting zero miles per gallon.
Idling for more than five minutes, especially in a temperate state like California, is not only unwise and unnecessary — it's illegal.
So, our August story didn't go unnoticed. And the good news is, Mission Local has learned that thanks to action within Muni and prodding from civic government, this problem may be on the way to getting solved.
The bad news, of course, is that it's a problem that Muni has needlessly created for itself, perpetuated for decades, and will now address, post facto, at a cost of even more time and money.
ADVERTISEMENT 5 Below Market Rate (BMR) Rental Apartments available at 3000 23rd St., San Francisco, CA 94110. Applications must be received by 5PM, Nov. 7, 2017, and must either be submitted online here or mailed in with a self-addressed stamped envelope to: 3000 23rd St. BMR, P.O. Box 420847, San Francisco, CA 94124. Applications available here or picked up from an agency listed here.
The next time someone asks you to define “entropy,” take them to a Muni bus yard in the dead of the night. Every few years a story hits the papers about buses needlessly idling for hours, and Muni gets its act together. And, after a while, things go back to the way they were and buses idle away again.
In 2013, I saw the buses idling for hours with my own eyes. In 1996, it was the subject of a front-page story in the Hearst-owned San Francisco Examiner and a scathing report by the Budget and Legislative Analyst. In 1988, Muni diesel bus mechanic Michael Cheney penned a letter to the agency's chief engineer, specifically imploring Muni to “incorporate the ‘Engine Idle Shutdown' option into our work environment.”
This suggestion was – eventually – taken. Muni's older and less technically proficient buses come equipped with this option on their onboard computers. Muni employees, however, soon began finding ways to manually override this failsafe device. And, in recent years, management began simply ordering vehicles with the failsafe disabled.
(A definition of “entropy,” by the way, is “a process of degradation or a trend to disorder.” Saved you the trip to the bus yard.)
Hearteningly, following our August story, Muni's current trend to disorder was deemed unacceptable. Within the agency, steps were taken to create warning stickers that will appear, prominently, in the drivers' area of the agency's hundreds and hundreds of buses.
These stickers unambiguously state: “Idling the engine for more than 5 minutes while parked is prohibited,” and cite the state law: “ARB title 13, CCR, Section 13.”
We obtained an image of one of the stickers and a guide to its placement in various Muni vehicles from personnel tasked with the installation. A sticker is a sticker is a sticker, but this is significant. They will be placed where anyone sitting behind the wheel can see them — and while Muni management is often quick to scapegoat its drivers, much of the over-idling has taken place in bus yards, in the wee hours, by yardstarters tasked with firing up hundreds of vehicles in short order, so they'll be ready when the drivers are.
So, that's nice. But, as Cheney put it in his 1988 letter, automating the shutdown process would “release this problem area from ‘human error' and place it under ‘computerized governing.'” Stickers don't do that.
But the news here is heartening, too. After our prior article, Supervisor Aaron Peskin called for a public hearing on over-idling Muni buses. He has since opted to meet privately with Muni officials, which, he claims, is a move made in the name of expediency.
In a recent discussion, John Haley, Muni's director of transit, told Peskin and his staff that, by next year, all of Muni's buses could be reprogrammed to shut down automatically — but this would require an “upgrade” currently estimated at $1,200 per vehicle.
Now, it's great that front-line Muni staffers, who didn't desire to breathe polluted air more than any other San Franciscan does, got wind of this situation to the media. It's good that Peskin has applied pressure to change an untenable status quo. It's also good that Haley et al. are working to solve a problem. But it sure would have been better if Haley et al. hadn't given everyone a problem to solve by explicitly ordering buses without a standard pollution control device.
This is, in fact, not some difficult upgrade but a standard feature Muni disabled.
As such, technical sources tell us, the $1,200 per bus estimation is a “bullshit number” and in-house Muni workers could be trained to reprogram the city's vehicles for far less — and sooner than in 2018. What's more, all of Muni's buses should be reprogrammed, not just the ones that'll idle indefinitely. Many of our older diesel vehicles are set to idle for 10 minutes, twice as long as the state currently allows.
Reached at his Richmond District apartment, we asked Cheney, the author of the '88 letters, how he felt about the 30-year lag for his hopes to — apparently — come to fruition. “I had no idea it would take this long,” said the 65-year-old retiree. “But,” he added, “this is a cautionary tale. It's hard to change the government.”
We've reached the first plateau of the Trump era. Round one is over and we're still in the fight. With so much happening so fast, it can be hard to step back and get enough perspective to keep ahead of events. Let's review the events of the past month and get a sense of where we are, so we can strategize for what comes next.
Phase One: Escalation in the Streets
The Trump era began with blockades and confrontational demonstrations in Washington, DC and around the country. Footage of white nationalist Richard Spencer being punched by a person in black bloc attire made antifascists popular even with television stars, though the shooting of a Seattle antifascist by a supporter of Milo Yiannopoulos ended the day on an ominous note. The Women's March the next day saw some of the biggest crowds in protest history.
Here, at the outset, we encounter the fundamental tension between quality and quantity that has marked all resistance to Trump. On the one side, we see fierce and courageous rebels who are not numerous enough to avoid being isolated and repressed; on the other, we see truly massive numbers of people limited by their narrow tactical repertoire and naïve faith in existing institutions. Everyone invested in real social change should recognize how important it is for these two social bodies to cross-pollinate.
Even Portland, OR was uncontrollable on the night of the presidential election.
Washington, DC celebrated the inauguration in style.
Unfazed by this one-two punch, Trump presented a string of executive orders aimed at forcing through the Dakota Access Pipeline, stepping up deportations, and banning people from seven countries—essentially declaring war on the part of the US population that opposed his Presidency. This was a make-or-break moment, and people rose to it, shutting down airports around the country the weekend of January 28-29. These blockades were complemented by a taxi strike and demonstrations in several major cities.
“We will repel bullies. We will shelter freaks and outcasts; those who have no home. We will get past the lies. We will hunt monsters… And when we are lost amidst the hypocrisy and casual violence of certain individuals and institutions… we will… punch some people in the face when they seek to destroy the weak and the disenfranchised and the marginalized. And we will do it all with soul, with heart, and with joy.” -David K. Harbour
Three days later, courageous demonstrators shut down Milo's speaking event at the University of California at Berkeley. Anarchists saw this as a victory for direct action, while liberals wrung their hands and Milo's fans congratulated themselves that the “tolerant left” were falling into a trap, discrediting themselves. Trump himself took notice with a series of tweets about “professional anarchists” and “violence,” while the New York Times dedicated a front-page article to the spread of anarchist anti-fascism.
In this context of escalation, the stakes are double or nothing: either direct action tactics will spread to the population at large, enabling all the different demographics targeted by the government to defend themselves, or they will remain confined to a small minority that the authorities can use as an excuse to crack down on everyone. Standing aside “peacefully” in hopes of being left alone is no longer an option.
Phase Two: Fractures in the Halls of Power
After these first two tempestuous weeks, concluding with the Bodega strike of February 2, the pace and scale of street protests subsided a bit as the spotlight shifted to the halls of power—where real fractures within the ruling class were appearing. February has seen much of the corporate media turn decisively against the Trump administration, evidence of rebellion within the White House, turmoil on the National Security Council as Michael Flynn was forced to resign in disgrace and Trump's first choice to replace him refused the job, and the definitive judicial defeat of the first version of the Muslim Ban.
Doubtless, much of this was galvanized by the grassroots resistance of the first two weeks. By showing that the US will be ungovernable under Trump, demonstrators made it impossible for bureaucrats and pundits to line up behind the President for the sake of preserving order.
These divisions now extend all the way into Trump's party. Milo's sordid demise on February 20-21 illustrates this adequately enough. The Republican Party that swept into power behind Trump was based on a tenuous alliance between traditional conservatives and a new generation of nationalistic racists like Milo. Milo sold himself to white nationalists and authoritarians on the basis of his status as a (barely) oppressed person willing to speak in favor of oppression; like so many others who have struck that Faustian deal, he learned the hard way that he was not the one calling the shots. While he is implicated in his own downfall, it was anarchists who forced the issue, compelling Trump and the Conservative Political Action Conference to embrace and then repudiate him.
Without spokespeople like Milo, the Republican Party will lose everything that gave it a modern edge. And although Milo and other stooges of Steve Bannon doubtless hope that their explicitly racist nationalism will be the successor to Trump's populism, allegations of promoting pedophilia do not make a good point of departure for a new far-right party.
Crowds shut down Seatac on January 28 and 29 in response to Trump's immigration ban.
Protestors declare war on Milo at UC Berkeley on February 1.
Phase Three: The Empire Strikes Back?
In short, a burst of grassroots resistance at the opening of Trump's term has helped to discredit his Presidency and split his support base. This is the context in which Trump and his cronies are seeking to take his message back to the streets, starting with the rally in Florida and hoping to continue with events around the country on March 4. They desperately need to mobilize street-level support in order to rally Republican politicians to remain loyal to them and to build the grassroots momentum necessary to implement their fascistic agenda.
Although the resistance has made a good showing thus far, it is still entirely possible that Trump and his cronies will succeed in pulling off their plan. Escalating ICE raids around the country attest to the danger threatening millions. As this goes to press, Standing Rock is being evicted, showing that apparent victories under Obama were really just temporary compromises. The following months will be decisive in determining whether Trump can consolidate power behind a new form of fascism, or whether ungovernable social movements will make this impossible.
In this situation, there are three basic errors we should avoid.
We must not become immobilized watching the spectacle of resistance to Trump as it plays out in the courts and Washington, DC. The strength of the institutional pushback against Trump is a direct factor of grassroots mobilization and resistance. If Trump is removed from office by institutional means, he will only be replaced by a politician who will likely implement versions of the same agenda—just as Obama already escalated deportation and surveillance. Even if he fails to establish autocracy in the United States, Trump's role will be to reestablish the legitimacy of the corporate media, moderate Republicans, Silicon Valley, and the Democratic Party—all the adversaries we were fighting before he made them seem ethical by comparison. For now, some Democrats and media outlets appear sympathetic to us, but their standard strategy in a situation like this is to use us as shock troops to obtain a little leverage over the authorities, then sell us out in return for a seat at the table.
We must not make the same error as Milo, mistaking media exposure for power. Notoriety can help us when it enables us to make contact with new people or to spread our ideas and tactics in meaningful ways. But if we receive too much media coverage, more quickly than we can translate it into added organizational strength on the ground, it will only position the authorities to go after us with everything they've got. Remember the lesson of the SHAC campaign, which seemed to be making tremendous headway against an animal testing corporation by building up a fearsome reputation—until the government took advantage of this reputation to stomp it out. There are no shortcuts to doing the work of grassroots organizing, certainly not through corporate media.
We probably won't be able to avoid open conflict with Trump's civilian supporters, but we should not let it distract us from taking on the government directly. If the Trump administration fails to fulfill its promises, many of those who currently support it may reconsider their position—the last thing we want to do is force them to entrench themselves in their current position. We have to find ways to take the offensive against the authorities while defending ourselves against rearguard attacks from freelance nationalists.
Above all, we need to pass on all the knowledge we have accumulated over the past two decades of anarchist activity to a new generation of demonstrators—and quick. We are but a small part of the huge social body that is prepared to enter into struggle now, but that struggle may never get off the ground unless we share what we know with others. Never before have so many people been open to anarchist ideas and tactics, but this window will not last long. Expanding our ranks is the only way to survive the waves of repression that wait ahead. Let's go into round two with more numbers and more strength.
Further Reading
The Landing: Fascists without Fascism
Long Term Resistance: Fighting Trump and Liberal Cooption
Terminal Showdown
Take the Offensive
The UK has hit back at Argentina's threats of court action over Falkland Islands oil exploration, calling its behaviour "illegal intimidation".
Foreign minister Hector Timmerman had threatened legal action against firms drilling off the UK territory, over which Argentina claims sovereignty.
But the UK Foreign Office said it was a legitimate commercial venture.
Prime Minister David Cameron said Britain would "continue to protect and defend" the islands.
In threatening legal action against oil prospectors, Mr Timmerman had told reporters: "The gas and oil that is found in the South Atlantic belongs to the Argentinian people.
"All these companies are entering illegal territory."
UN resolutions
He warned that legal action would target oil companies as well as firms providing them with financial and logistic support.
It was the latest in a series of measures taken in recent months by Argentina to assert its claim to sovereignty over the Falklands, which it calls the Malvinas.
The people of the Falkland Islands could not be clearer that they want to continue their status as an overseas territory of the United Kingdom David Cameron, UK Prime Minister
Mr Timmerman said companies involved in oil exploration in Falklands waters were "violating UN resolutions" calling for talks on sovereignty.
The UK Foreign Office said the right to develop the hydrocarbon sector was an "integral part" of the Falkland islanders' right to self-determination.
"These latest attempts to damage the economic livelihoods of the Falkland Islands people regrettably reflect a pattern of behaviour by the Argentine government," the Foreign Office said.
"From harassing Falklands shipping to threatening the islanders' air links with Chile, Argentina's efforts to intimidate the Falklands are illegal, unbecoming and wholly counter-productive," it added
Several British companies are searching for oil and gas in Falklands waters.
One of them - Rockhopper - says it has found significant reserves and is seeking investment partners to begin production.
The search for oil has inflamed tension over the disputed islands ahead of the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War.
On 2 April 1982 Argentina invaded the Falklands, only to be defeated by a British task force sent to recover them.
The UK says there will be no negotiations on sovereignty as long as the Falkland islanders wish to remain British.
Mr Cameron said: "The people of the Falkland Islands could not be clearer that they want to continue their status as an overseas territory of the United Kingdom.
"As long as they want that, that is not going to change."
Dakar-Inspired Yamaha T7 Concept Unveiled at EICMA  Yamaha aims to launch a replacement of the XT660 Tenere soon.
Yamaha Europe stuns EICMA today with the unveiling of the T7 concept model. Although the bike announced is only a concept, Yamaha has confirmed the release of a production version set to be released for the 2018 model year.
Developed with the highly acclaimed 700cc CP2 engine that packs the Yamaha FZ-07, the T7 concept is a vision of the ideal adventure machine, and is playing a major role in the development of Yamaha's next generation adventure models.
ADVERTISEMENT
The T7 is further equipped with an aluminium fuel tank, 4-projector LED headlight, a carbon fairing and skid plate, and a custom made Akrapovič exhaust. Also packing a high specification KYB front suspension and a 21″ front and 18″ rear, the T7 concept is surely a dirt warrior.
According to Yamaha “Many of the current middleweight Adventure models are perceived as too oriented to the street and too sophisticated. They are therefore not suitable for use in real off-road conditions. The Adventure universe needs new specimens that can offer the versatility to tackle long distances and great endurance, typical of the original Ténéré, combined with a contemporary design and top technologies.”
It remains to be seen how much of the Dakar elements will be carried on to the production model but one thing is sure – Yamaha seems to be going in the right direction.
Around 1450 CE, the Incas attacked so fast that many of the Colla people of the hill fort of Ayawiri in Peru didn't have time to take their valuables with them as they abandoned their homes.
Putting a number on how quickly people abandoned settlements hundreds of years ago is tricky using methods like radiocarbon dating, which are not very precise on those time scales. Another, less hi-tech but potentially more revealing method is to look at what people left behind after they fled. Did they have time to pack and clear out all their belongings, or were they forced to leave with little more than the clothes they were wearing?
Ayawiri was a large town in the southern central Andes of a thousand or so inhabitants in the early 15th Century. It is perched on top of a steep, flat-topped hill, surrounded by grassy plains. Excavation of Ayawiri has painted a picture of sudden, rushed departure when the Incas invaded, according to a paper published in the Journal of Field Archaeology.
Bronze jewellery, hefty metal tools and intact pottery were all left in the site's round stone houses, buried in less than a foot of soil.
"There's quite a lot of copper and bronze, in the form of personal adornment, pins and little clasps that would have hung on people's clothing. We also found a couple of rings and pieces of bracelet," study author Elizabeth Arkush of the University of Pittsburgh told IBTimes UK.
Finding such a rich collection of metal objects is relatively rare in abandoned settlements, Arkush said.
"Even if a metal object is broken, you can melt or hammer it into something else. You can always recycle metal. People keep and travel with it – in pre-modern times that metal was almost always a valuable object."
Not only metal, but valuable ceramics and stone tools were also left at the site.
"Things like useable pots and stone tools and axes probably weren't worth as much as metal but they were useful. They're the kinds of things you would take with you if you could, just like you take your pots and pans with you when you move house."
It's likely that at least some residents of Ayawiri knew of the invasion a day or so in advance and prepared to leave. Some houses of the town that were of high status but had very few objects left in them. Others had many valuables left, indicating they knew only hours in advance.
Exactly where the Colla people went after they fled the town is less certain, Arkush said.
"We can see a changing pattern of settlements in the region in this period. People began living out in countryside in smaller settlements than they used to live in. In general there was a shift to a more rural life," she said. "But exactly where the people of Ayawiri went, we don't know."
It could be football's greatest ever dynasty – Zinedine Zidane as Real Madrid's head coach and his four sons out on the pitch in the famous white shirts playing for him.
It sounds far-fetched, but then so does the idea that Zidane could be Real's B-team coach and that his offspring would be at various levels of the club's youth system – which is already a reality.
Sportsmail looks at the chances of things going to the next level.
VIDEOS Scroll down to watch Theo prove he's a chip off the old block
Zinedine Zidane is currently Real Madrid's B-team coach and could replace Carlo Ancelotti at the Bernabeu
Zidane enjoyed a glittering career as a player at Real and his sons are all currently at the academy
The coach
Zinedine Zidane has spent three days in Munich this week under the tutelage of Pep Guardiola and Real Madrid are hoping that what the teacher did for Barcelona the pupil will one day do for them.
Club president Florentino Perez has decided he wants the former player to lead the side one day and Zidane is preparing for the possibility that it could come as soon as next season.
He is one of seven French coaches spending this week at Bayern Munich's training facilities where along with former Real Madrid team-mate Claude Makelele he is seeing first hand how Guardiola works.
Next season he could be in the same position Guardiola was in 2008 – having graduated from his club's youth system to take charge of the first team. He will cut the same sharp-suited imposing figure on the touchline and he will command the same respect among rivals, players and media, but will he be as prolifically successful?
Zidane visited Bavaria's training ground with Bernard Diomede (left) and Claude Makelele (right) this week
Real hope Zidane can emulate Pep Guardiola's transition from a player to boss with Barcelona and Bayern
Zidane currently coaches Real Madrid's second team, Castilla, in one of Spain's four regional third-tier divisions. If Castilla wins their division they will go into a play-off for a place in the second division next season. But by then Carlo Ancelotti may have moved on and Zidane may have stepped up to replace him.
There is no question a career as a coach is what the former Ballon d'Or and World Cup winner wants. As well as this week's masterclass with Guardiola he has also been to Marseille to watch Marcelo Bielsa work.
He wants to coach the France team one day and if their 2016 campaign on home soil were to end in tears there would be calls for him to take charge of the national side he once leads to the biggest prize in football.
The Madrid job will probably come before the national team however. Those who have seen him at close quarters on the training pitch say he's inspirational and has none of that haughtiness that sometimes prevents great players from being able to improve lesser mortals.
Zidane lead France to World Cup glory in 1998 and is touted as a future national team coach
With Zidane in charge, Real Madrid's Castilla team are in one of Spain's four regional third-tier divisions
Zidane fights for the ball with Manchester United's Roy Keane during a Champions League tie in 2003
He's tough and media-savvy after years of coping with the intense spotlight shone on him in France where he is adored far more than Michel Platini – his rival as the country's greatest ever player, but one who never won the World Cup.
Ultimately expecting him to emulate Guardiola might be asking too much – the Bayern Munich coach's tactical brain and obsessive character make him unique.
He also has the baggage of having been so good as a player. Diego Maradona and Pele never made it as managers, but Alfredo di Stefano and Johan Cruyff did, so there are precedents.
Johan Cruyff was a fine player and also excelled as a manager at Barcelona
And the sons…
Enzo
Star of Real Madrid C, Enzo, wears the Fernandez name on his back, the family name of the Zidane boys' mother Veronique Fernandez – a dancer who he met in 1988 playing for Cannes. It perhaps weighs less heavily on the shoulders of the young prodigies.
Already a Spain Under 19 international Enzo, just like his siblings, has the choice of three countries.
Playing for France would please his father; and so might playing for Algeria, which is his third possibility because of his grandfather.
He is the player who most resembles his father in playing style. He plays as a No 10 and is one rung on the ladder below Castilla.
Enzo Zidane Fernandez is the star of Real Madrid C and is already a Spain Under 19 international
Enzo's style as a gifted No 10 with Real's lower ranks most resembles that of his father
Luca
Enzo is very much the French romantics' choice to make it – being named after Uruguayan playmaker Enzo Francescoli and playing in Zidane's position.
But many in France believe it will be goalkeeper Luca – born just before his father won the World Cup in 1998 – who will go further. He currently plays for Real Madrid's Under 17s Juvenil B team and is impressing everyone at the club.
Luca Zidane Fernandez has impressed at Real Madrid as a goalkeeper while Iker Casillas (right) struggles
Zinedine watches a Thai boxing match with son Luca in Bangkok in 2007
Theo and Elyaz
Zidane's youngest sons have both grown up in Spain. Elyaz has recently turned 10 and is a midfielder and Theo is also a midfielder who will be 13 in May.
They are both in Real Madrid boys' teams and in theory they would both also have the option of playing for Spain, France or Algeria if they reached international levels.
If all four sons made it to international football and didn't pick the same country, they could even replicate the situation at the last World Cup when the Boateng brothers Kevin-Prince and Jerome faced each other for Ghana and Germany.
Elyaz (left, 10) and Theo (right, 12) are both in Real boys' teams and could play for Spain, France or Algeria
Theo Fernandez (right,) scored a superb goal Real's youth side after a wonderful left-footed touch
He placed the ball past the goalkeeper as three defenders tried to close down the space around him
Will the Zidane dynasty become a reality at the Santiago Bernabeu?
It's impossible to say how the youngest two will develop but the eldest are well on their way to becoming professionals. Can they do it at Madrid with Zidane as their footballing as well as natural father?
Well Zidane has to get the big job first, then the boys are in the realms of 'famous footballers with famous footbaling fathers as manager' syndrome. Nigel Clough and Jordi Cruyff didn't match the achievements of their coaching dads but did make good careers for themselves.
It is always tough for the sons of great players. Pele's son, Edinho, served Santos as a goalkeeper but also served time for drugs and money-laundering offences.
Diego Maradona is one of the world's greatest ever players but son Diego Sinagria (right) failed to impress
Jordi Cruyff (right) tried to emulate father Johan and briefly featured for Manchester United
And when Diego Maradona's son, Diego Sinagra, was playing youth football at Napoli, an Italian journalist was overheard assessing the boy's chances of emulating his father and saying: 'If you threw Maradona an orange he'd catch it on his foot, juggle it and balance it on his head. If you threw his son an orange he'd catch it in his hands, peel it and eat it.'
Zidane's children clearly have the talent to follow their father's footsteps and with their dad on the verge of a managerial career at Real Madrid the possibilities of a 'Zizou Dynasty' cannot be ruled out.
Continuing their season-opening road trip, Toronto hoped to end their 4 game winless streak and see the attack find some success against DC United, who last week dismantled the Whitecaps. Toronto got on the broad super early but found themselves defending for most of the game. But thanks to some solid defending, Toronto was able to keep the Red and Black's chances off target and allow themselves to achieve their goal of 8 points from this trip in 6 games, as Toronto earned their second win of the year. A road win? Eight points? YES PLEASE. Open Player in a New Window | Subscribe | iTunes | MP3 The Opening 45
It didn't take long for the action to start up. Within 60 seconds, Sebastian Giovinco, with the help of Marco Delgado and Jozy Altidore, found the back of the set. But Toronto was unable to keep the attack going as D.C. applied pressure to Toronto's defense for most of the remaining 44 minutes. D.C. broke down Toronto's pass attempts in the attacking and final thirds with ease. But with some strong defending and keeping, Toronto prevented D.C. from equalizing the score. Along with playing every minute this season, Giovinco has also scored or assisted on every #TFC goal scored this season. #MLS — Marco D'Onofrio (@Kubani7) April 17, 2016 Biggest reason #tfc has 8 points in six road games? Clint Irwin. Just sayin — J. (@Le_Jdot) April 17, 2016
The Second Half
Toronto continued to find themselves chasing D.C. but again, thanks to some skillful defending, they were able to keep the pressure off Clint Irwin. Steven Beitashour and Justin Morrow, both of whom earned praise from former TFC Player of the Year Terry Dunfield, looked like all-stars, while Will Johnson provided the defence with some much-needed support. Jay Chapman made the most of his substitute appearance, with some skillful defending and good distribution.
Despite being seemingly out attacked by D.C., Toronto ended up having what might have been the best chances of the second half with an extra time shot by Will Johnson and a last minute free kick by Giovinco, following a foul by Steve Birnbaum on Altidore.
Man of the Match
Will Johnson
In a game where it was needed, Will Johnson provided Toronto's defense with some much-needed aid. He also contributed offensively with two shots. Johnson is looking better with each passing game.
Special mention to Sebastian Giovinco who set a new club record for fastest goal when he scored 58 seconds into the game. It was his 4th of the season and he continues to be essential to Toronto's attack.
Altidore
Giovinco
Osorio Bradley Johnson Delgado
Morrow Moor Williams Beitashour
Irwin
Subs: Chapman (65' for Delgado), Perquis (68' for Williams)
Do creepy crawlies get your heart beating? Get close to some of our creepiest critters right here at Wellington Zoo on Halloween!
As a Halloween special, we are offering the chance to take part in an exclusive one-off Close Encounter with our Tarantula, and the opportunity to name one of these eight-legged wonders! See these amazing arachnids up close like never before.
The proceeds of the auction will go towards helping us look after our eight-legged friends, along with all the other amazing animals at Wellington Zoo. As part of our commitment to New Zealand conservation, we provide free veterinary care for native animals at Wellington Zoo – treating over 1,000 patients last year alone! This auction helps us continue to provide free care for native wildlife.
This auction closes on Monday 29th October, so get in quick for this exclusive experience! Happy bidding, and good luck!
Prize includes:
- A close encounter with our Tarantula for 2 people - to be taken on Halloween day, Wednesday 31st October (or a day of your choice)
- The chance to hold and name one of these amazing spiders
- 1x Kiwi or Kakariki Zoo Crew membership for 1 year
The fine print!
• Bidders are bidding for the opportunity to participate in a one off Tarantula encounter and name the Tarantula only.
• The winning bidder has no rights to the animal's image or the animal itself.
• Wellington Zoo Trusts reserve the right to approve the winning name chosen for the Tarantula.
• All encounter participants must be 6 years or older, and the group must include at least one parent or guardian 18 or over.
There were no answered questions or comments placed on this listing. You must have Javascript enabled to ask and answer questions Your question and answer privileges have been disabled. You must log in to view questions and answers on this listing. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Question submitted Note: You must log in to ask or answer questions posted. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Available only to approved bidders. You must be an authenticated member to ask questions Find out more about becoming authenticated Your account is in debt Your current account balance is You must credit your account to use this feature. Firearms licence #
Firearms licence holder name
First name is required Last name is required
Your current account balance is Please note you will lose your question and answer privileges if your account is in debt for more than 2 weeks. Credit your account I confirm that I am over 18 years old. To prevent your personal details being misused please do not put emails or phone numbers in questions. Failure to comply may result in the suspension of your account. The seller cannot add a Buy Now price once bidding has started.
The comic book industry continues to do what industry execs have admitted is hurting their sales: politicize its beloved characters for the sake of the social justice agenda. The most recent hot button issues tackled by none other than the original superhero himself are illegal immigration and white supremacy.
Right on the heels of President Trump's announcement that he was eventually going to shut down Obama's executive overreach on immigration, DACA, comes the latest issue of Action Comics' Superman series (issued #987, "The Oz Effect") in which Superman rescues a group of "undocumented immigrants" from an American flag bandana-wearing, machine gun-wielding white man bitter about illegals taking his job.
When the "bitter clinger" white nationalist opens fire on the immigrants, Superman shields them with his body, yelling, "Stop this!'
When the Man of Steel asks, "Why?!" the racist white guy responds, "They ruined me. Stole from me!"
Superman grabs the angry Trump supporter gun-toting white nationalist by the collar and says, "The only person responsible for the blackness smothering your soul — is you!"
The Supreme Court of Canada last week declared that access to telecom subscribers' personal information requires a court warrant.
This week, despite a warning from Canada's privacy commissioner, the Harper government is moving ahead with legislation that greatly expands warrantless access to subscriber data.
It's a move that e-commerce law expert Michael Geist describes as a “head in the sand approach.”
The Senate on Monday passed Bill S-4, known as the Digital Privacy Act, Geist reported on his blog. The bill, which has yet to pass the House of Commons, is meant to enhance privacy online, but privacy experts say it could end up doing the opposite.
S-4 is being sold as “protection for Canadians when they surf the web and shop online,” and critics have lauded certain parts of the bill, such as those that would give the privacy commissioner greater powers and establish new penalties for privacy breaches.
But critics say corporations would gain access to the private data of telecommunications users. The law would allow internet service providers to share subscriber information with any organization that is investigating a possible breach of contract, such as a copyright violation, or illegal activity. Telecoms would be allowed to keep the sharing of data secret from the affected customers.
The bill could also remove court oversight of copyright lawsuits against Canadian consumers, potentially setting up the sort of “copyright trolling” seen in the U.S., in which music and movie rights holders often demand tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars from individual downloaders.
Experts such as Geist and Canada's privacy commissioner say the Supreme Court's decision means Bill S-4, as well as some other privacy-related legislation, need to be rewritten.
“We would encourage Parliamentarians to carefully consider the implications of this ruling as they deliberate on Bill C-13 [the anti-cyberbullying bill] as well as Bill S-4, the Digital Privacy Act,” the office of the privacy commissioner said in a statement.
The Supreme Court ruled last week that police need a search warrant if they want Internet providers to reveal a subscriber's identity. The court argued Canadians have a “reasonable expectation” of privacy when they surf the internet.
That's not the view of government officials, who argue basic subscriber data is public. A Justice Department official testifying before a parliamentary committee likened taking subscriber data from telecom to a police officer jotting down the licence plate number of a suspected drunk driver.
Story continues below
Photo gallery 12 Things Harper Doesn't Want You To Know About Spying On Canadians See Gallery Bill S-4 Passes Senate, Despite Supreme Court Ruling Against Warrantless Access 1 / 12
12 Things Harper Doesn't Want You To Know About Spying On Canadians 1 / 12
If various reports and leaks of government documents are to be believed, the Supreme Court's ruling could have widespread implications for how law enforcement and telecoms share private information.
A recent transparency report from Rogers Communications revealed the government had asked the company for subscriber data 175,000 times last year, with about 100,000 of those requests being warrantless.
With such frequent requests (requests for Rogers subscriber data work out to about 480 per day), it's possible or even likely that the handover of data between telecom and law enforcement is automated in some way.
There is evidence that some telecoms are giving automated access to law enforcement to their subscriber databases. In documents provided to NDP Charmaine Borg, the Competition Bureau referred to accessing the “Bell Canada Law Enforcement Database.”
Such practices could be found unconstitutional, given the Supreme Court's ruling last week.
"The government's decision to rush the legislation through the Senate (it conducted only a few hours of hearings) and to seemingly ignore the Supreme Court's decision creates further uncertainty for Canadians and Canadian businesses," Geist wrote.
The country needs rules that comply with the Supreme Court decision, and “S-4 fails to do so,” he added.
Imagine what you could do with $2,000. If you're between 18 and 34, you might travel somewhere fun. Maybe buy a big TV. But would you buy health insurance?
Take it from another millennial: Think about insurance if you don't have any.
We don't get sick often, and maybe we'll never get hurt, but without insurance, a serious accident or illness could put you on the hook for staggering medical bills that will haunt you for years.
People in our 18- to 34-year-old age range represent half of the 10.5 million uninsured Americans eligible to sign up this fall for coverage under the federal health law, the government estimates.
Enrollment in federal and state insurance exchanges began Nov. 1 and runs until Jan. 31, but Dec. 15 is the last day to get in if you want coverage starting Jan. 1.
“It can be easy to cut corners, but your health is important,” said Erin Hemlin, national training director at Young Invincibles, an advocacy group for 18- to 34-year-old Americans on health care and other issues. Protecting yourself against an accident's financial consequences “provides a peace of mind that you won't be in tons of medical debt for years and years to come.”
That sounds simple, but we all have different opinions, obligations and opportunities. I'm fortunate to have insurance through my job reporting on health care. If you lack coverage, you're worried about money and you're confused about your choices, here are five questions to consider:
This KHN story also ran in USA Today . It can be republished for free ( details ).
1. What will insurance do for me?
You can count on coverage for what the government calls essential health benefits. All plans sold on the federal marketplaces must offer them.
Preventive services such as shots and screening tests are free. You can't be denied coverage for a preexisting health condition. Expect to pay some of the cost for other covered services, such as emergency care or a hospital stay. Beyond the essentials, how much of your health care will be paid by insurance depends on the type of health plan you buy.
But if you're 26 or older, you can't stay on your mom and dad's health plan any longer.
2. Can I afford it?
Are you shouting “No!!” here? Sure, many of us feel crushed by our bills and don't have extra money to throw around. Half the uninsured Americans who are eligible to buy Obamacare have less than $1,000 in savings. What you will pay for coverage next year depends on what you expect in 2016 income. The government offers tax credits that help people with modest incomes cut their monthly premiums, and for lower-income consumers, there are other subsidies that help reduce the plan's out-of-pocket costs.
You may be eligible for a subsidy if you make between 100 and 400 percent of the federal poverty guideline, or $11,770 to $47,080 for a single person, and live in a state that did not expand Medicaid under the federal health law. If you live in a state that did expand Medicaid and your income is up to 138 percent of the poverty level – $16,243 – you must go on Medicaid and cannot qualify for tax credits.
You can get an idea of whether you qualify for financial help by using this estimator. Monthly premiums vary widely depending on where you live, even for widely held silver-level plans. In 2015, the second-cheapest silver plan for a 27-year-old cost $165 a month in New Mexico but $449 in Alaska, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.
The tax credit can be applied to your monthly cost automatically, or applied to your taxes come April 2017 for plans bought for 2016.
The government sets out-of-pocket maximums for marketplace health plans, limiting your annual expenses for services not reimbursed by insurance. For 2016, the limits are $6,850 for an individual plan and $13,700 for a family plan.
3. What if I don't buy insurance?
That might cost you, too. If you don't buy insurance, the IRS will hit you with a fine at tax time, unless you qualify for an exemption, which can include hardships. Examples of hardship exemptions include eviction in the past six months, medical expenses you couldn't pay in the past 24 months that resulted in substantial debt and ineligibility for Medicaid because you live in a state that didn't expand Medicaid under the federal health law.
The penalty for not having coverage is rising next year to $695 per adult or 2.5 percent of your annual household income above the tax filing threshold of $10,150 for an individual – whichever is higher. The penalty is higher for families.
4. How can I tell what plan is right for me?
Obamacare has five categories of plans: platinum (which pays for 90 percent of your medical costs on average), gold (80 percent), silver (70 percent), bronze (60 percent) and catastrophic (which only pays for very high medical costs).
Sound complicated? The differences are all about how much you will pay for health care services beyond what your plan covers. The platinum plans generally have higher premiums but might save you more in other expenses, such as deductibles and co-payments.
If you go to a doctor twice a year, maybe you don't need a platinum-level plan; bronze or silver plans are for you. But if you have a chronic disease that requires a lot of medicine or treatment, for example, you might come out ahead with a more expensive premium that covers more services.
This part of the process can be daunting. Not all plans are structured the same and they can be difficult to compare, warns Chris Redrich, 28, of Irvine, Calif., who will be buying insurance on Covered California, the state's marketplace website, for himself and his husband this year.
The “total out of pocket” estimator on the site, “was helpful, but it didn't provide a clear enough picture of what to expect for us,” he said. “I wasn't terribly confused, but it was a chore to sift through all of the options to select the right balance of premium, co-insurance, deductible, and benefits.”
5. So what should I consider?
No matter how much we dislike spending more than we have to, a good health care plan isn't measured only by a monthly premium. Once you've picked a plan level, you'll need to dig into the options. Depending on where you live, you might have one choice or 20. When you compare plans, factor in deductibles (what you pay for health care services before insurance kicks in), the co-payments you will owe for covered services and the out-of-pocket maximums.
And it's important to check out whether you will be able to visit almost any doctor or health care facility. Some plans keep premium costs lower by reducing the number of these health care providers that they contract with. And if you go outside the plan's network, the services may not be covered by your plan or only a small portion may be covered, and you could be responsible for the remainder of the bill. The out-of-network costs also do not count toward your out-of-pocket limits.
You might qualify for catastrophic plan if you are younger than 30 or if you are older and qualify for a hardship exemption from a health law marketplace. Catastrophic plans have lower monthly premiums but deductibles running into thousands of dollars a year. Once you meet your deductible, those plans will cover your costs for any serious accidents or major illnesses.
Need more help? Health care navigators are free and can be found on healthcare.gov. Their services are paid for by grants from the federal government. Healthcare.gov also has a new tab with tailored information for adults under 30.
Lisa Gillespie is a Kaiser Health News reporter. KHN is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Oh, dear. I'm starting to notice a shift in the scare talk. Cries that we're about to turn into Greece, Greece I tell you are getting a bit fainter, maybe because of what I've been writing. But taking their place are dire warnings that we're endangering the dollar's role as a reserve currency.
Urk. People who talk like this generally have no idea what they mean — that is, they have no idea what the dollar's role really is, what might endanger that role, and why it matters (to the extent it does). In fact, I'd suggest that there's almost a Godwin-like principle here, which is that any extended economic discussion ends up with people invoking the need to defend the dollar's international role — which is in effect a concession that they've lost the rest of the argument.
So, what is the dollar's international role? It is, in a sense, to other currencies the way money is to other assets, filling to some extent the classic three functions of medium of exchange, unit of account, and store of value. In talking about these roles you also want to distinguish between the role in private decisions and the role in official actions. So you get a matrix that looks like this:
Photo
The dollar is, first of all, a vehicle currency (mainly in the interbank market) thanks to thick markets: if a bank wants to convert bolivars into zlotys, it will generally trade the bolivars for dollars, then the dollars for zlotys, rather than try to find someone wanting to make the reverse trade. It is the currency many though by no means all international transactions are invoiced in. And to some extent people hold dollars or dollar-denominated assets because the dollar is more liquid than other currencies.
Meanwhile, governments trying to prop their currencies up or hold them down often do so with trades against the dollar, even if they're trying to affect some other exchange rate, again because of those thick markets. Some countries peg to the dollar, although not too many these days. And governments hold dollar-denominated reserves.
To some extent the dollar's role here reflects self-sustaining increasing returns: people use dollars because the markets are thicker and more liquid, and the markets are thicker and more liquid because people use dollars. This circular nature of the position also arguably means that historical accident matters: the pound remained the world's leading currency long after Britain had ceased to be the world's leading economy (although Britain did do a lot of trade, so the case isn't actually all that clear.) The same factor suggests that a temporary period of inflation or instability could dethrone the dollar more or less permanently.
But is this something we should worry about? First of all, it's hard to see who really poses a threat to the dollar. You need free movement of capital, which rules out China for now, and deep financial markets; the euro used to look like a viable alternative, but its bond markets are now fragmented along national lines, which makes it much less plausible.
And even if the dollar loses some of its dominance, why should we get bent out of shape? There is no evidence that America is able to borrow dramatically more cheaply because of the dollar's role (and anyway more foreign borrowing is not necessarily a good thing.) You often hear claims that we've only been able to run persistent trade deficits because of the special role of the dollar; this is just false, since other countries like Britain and Australia have been able to do the same thing.
What is true is that the large holdings of US currency outside the United States — largely in the form of $100 bills, held for obvious reasons — represent, in effect, a roughly $500 billion zero-interest loan to America. That's nice, but even in normal times it's only worth around $20 billion a year, or roughly 0.15 percent of GDP. And anyway, the euro has done well on that front too. If you like, South American drug lords hold dollars, Russian beeznessmen hold euros, and in both cases it's a trivial subsidy to rich, huge economies.
The bottom line is that while saying “the international role of the dollar” sounds very sophisticated and important, the more you know about all this the less you care. This is simply not a big deal.
Afghanistan became an affiliate member of the ICC in 2001, the same year America started their aerial bombing campaigns. The fourteen years of conflict which followed devastated Afghanistan, providing the backdrop for one of the most enthralling cricketing journeys of the century: the rise of the Afghan national side.
Their rise through the World Cricket League, the competition which enables non-Test nations to qualify for the World Cup, was unprecedented: promotion after promotion brought them close to a spot at the 2011 World Cup, but they had to settle for the remarkable achievement of gaining ODI status for the first time in their short history.
They have previously appeared in the World T20 on three occasions, thus far failing to win a single match. However, their performances in qualification tournaments and in the Intercontinental Cup (they won the 2009-10 edition) have cemented Afghanistan's reputation as one of the foremost associate nations in all forms of the game.
And in spite of all the obstacles they face, the Afghan Cricket Board is determined to pursue Test status: 2014 saw the inauguration of Afghanistan's domestic four-day competition, intended to prepare their players for first-class cricket. It is a laudable show of commitment to the game's longest format at a time when the priorities of other countries, such as the West Indies, appear to be shifting towards Twenty20.
Afghanistan's preparations for the World Cup have been shaky, to say the least. They were beaten 3-1 by the UAE in a bilateral ODI series, and came second in a tri-series with Ireland and Scotland. A matter of days after collapsing to 63 all out against Scotland, a destructive 83 off 50 from young Najibullah Zadran put Afghanistan's total beyond the reach of Ireland. You just never know what to expect from Afghanistan.
Afghanistan's chances of causing an upset in Group A will rest partly on the shoulders of injury-prone fast bowler Hamid Hassan. His knee and his back have forced him to take extensive breaks from cricket, but he can swing the ball both ways at genuine pace, and took three wickets in the victory over Ireland. His bowling could win matches, something that couldn't be said for many bowlers even from the top Test nations.
Support for Hassan in the bowling department will come from Dawlat Zadran, Mirwais Ashraf and promising young seamer Aftab Alam. As Afghanistan is a subcontinental team, they also have plenty of options in the spin department in the form of Nabi, Samiullah Shenwari and Javed Ahmadi. The skipper shouldn't have any trouble filling up the 50 overs.
The depth of Afghanistan's batting is clear from the absence of Mohammad Shahzad from their touring party. Although Shahzad has scored three ODI centuries, his form has been poor of late and the selectors have opted to move on without him. Nawroz Mangal is likely to open the batting, and keeper Afsar Zazai (who scored two 50s in the UAE series) is also likely to be important. Gulbadin Naib, who scored a defiant 44 against England in Colombo which included a brutal 16-run over off Graeme Swann, also made the squad.
At Under-19 level, Afghanistan is a highly competitive and exciting team. They made the quarter-finals of the 2014 Under-19 World Cup, and their run was only ended by the eventual winners, South Africa. On the day the ICC confirmed their decision to reduce the size of the 2019 World Cup to just ten teams, effectively ending Afghanistan's chances of competing in the tournament ever again, 14-year-old Tariq Stanikzai smashed 160* off 119 balls in an Under-19s match. That he will never get a proper chance to fulfil his potential at the top level of international cricket for Afghanistan is a damning indictment of the ICC's treatment of associate nations.
In five or ten years' time, when their four-day competition is established and they have had more fixtures against the full-member nations, Afghanistan could be a major force in international cricket. As it is, they may well struggle to make a huge impact on the World Cup this year. However, they have an extremely talented squad and if all of them play to the very best of their potential, even teams like England could find themselves on the wrong end of an embarrassing scoreline if they aren't careful. Nabi could do worse than put in a phone call to Peter Borren, the Netherlands captain who oversaw the brilliant defeat of England in last year's World T20.
Fans of associate cricket are bracing themselves for the perennial clichés that will be spouted about the non-Test-playing nations when the tournament gets underway. A few days ago, former South Africa captain Graeme Smith bemoaned the fact that associates are thrown into the World Cup every four years, arguing that their presence “undermined the status of the World Cup as ‘cricket's iconic event.'”
Unlike Smith's South Africa, associates are not simply thrown into the World Cup. They have to earn their place by qualifying. And far from undermining the status of the World Cup as cricket's iconic event, the presence of teams from outside the game's full members actually legitimises the title: for how can any tournament be called a “World Cup” if the world can't qualify? Football and rugby have both expanded their World Cups to include teams that realistically aren't going to stand a chance of winning.
Realistically speaking, Afghanistan are not going to win the World Cup. But ultimately, the quality of a tournament is determined by its legacy and its stories as much as by its eventual champions. By this measure, the story of how a war-ravaged country in the middle of the desert made it to the biggest tournament in world cricket will greatly enrich the 2015 World Cup. If the Big Three nations who run the ICC persist in their plan to shrink the game of cricket by shrinking the World Cup, we may never get the chance to hear how that story could end.
Thank you for reading. Follow me on Twitter – @NickSharland. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and@LWOSworld – and “liking” our Facebook page. Follow LastWordOnCricket on Twitter – @LWOSCricket.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for? GO!
Are you interested in writing about Cricket? LWOS is looking for passionate Cricket fans to get their views heard by thousands. Have a look at our WriteForUs page for more information.
FORT WORTH, Texas -- TCU coach Gary Patterson was unhappy with the officiating during his team's 52-46 home loss to Oklahoma on Saturday, including an intentional grounding call made on the Horned Frogs' final offensive drive.
Patterson said he did not believe TCU quarterback Kenny Hill should have been flagged for grounding on a drive that ultimately failed in four plays and yielded minus-10 yards, securing the Sooners' victory.
"The bottom line to it is, in his estimation, [Hill] didn't have anyone to throw to," Patterson said of the official who threw he flags. "Mine was he got hit, so I don't know how he can tell he couldn't throw it to him."
The officiating crew initially determined there was no penalty, but Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops successfully argued with them that Hill was still in the pocket and that no receiver was near the ball.
TCU coach Gary Patterson did not believe quarterback Kenny Hill should have been flagged for grounding on a drive that ultimately failed in four plays and yielded minus-10 yards, sealing the win for Oklahoma. Jackson Laizure/Getty Images
"They were already going back to tell him there was nobody there in that area, [which] is what we were yelling about," Stoops said. "And then initially he said [Hill] was out of the pocket, and I was like, 'He didn't take one step to get out of the pocket. He was right back where he started.' But fortunately, they talked that through, too, and I believe they really got it right."
Patterson was also frustrated that Oklahoma was not penalized for holding "when it mattered," and said Oklahoma RB Joe Mixon should've been called for holding in the second quarter on a touchdown play when he "just tackled my guy." The Sooners were flagged twice for holding during the game.
While making his comments about the game's officiating, Patterson took an apparent shot at Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield.
Editor's Picks GameDay Final: Clemson survives; Tennessee is revived In Death Valley, two top-5 teams delivered in a dramatic finish, and a creature well known to college football fans -- seen only after improbable finishes -- emerged in Athens after a Hail Mary.
"You know, it's amazing, we can't say anything, but they can do whatever they want to," Patterson said of the officials. "So I don't really care right now if the commissioner, if they don't like what I think about what happened with the officials.
"We talk about sportsmanship in this game, and I've got a quarterback that writes a whole article on me, how I treated him wrong. But I can't talk about officials. Bottom line to it is, I wasn't happy with the officiating."
Mayfield was recruited by TCU out of high school but ultimately did not receive a scholarship offer. He told reporters in December that TCU "kinda hung me out to dry right before signing day," which Patterson denied and responded to by saying, "If people knew the whole story, they might not have a great opinion of Baker or his father."
"We talk about sportsmanship in this game, and I've got a quarterback that writes a whole article on me, how I treated him wrong. But I can't talk about officials. Bottom line to it is, I wasn't happy with the officiating."
In an ESPN The Magazine story published in August, which Patterson appears to be referring to in his postgame comments, Mayfield's parents again criticized how TCU handled the recruitment and acknowledged the Mayfield-Patterson feud worsened in 2014 when Mayfield was caught stealing TCU's hand signals for playcalls on the sideline during the Frogs' win over the Sooners.
Despite his frustration about officiating, Patterson did praise Oklahoma for coming into his stadium and pulling off the victory. The Sooners trailed 21-7 after one quarter but rallied with a 42-3 scoring run over the second and third quarters. TCU mounted a 22-point comeback in the fourth and got the ball back down six with 1:49 left. The Frogs' drive stalled after two penalties and Hill's fourth-down pass fell incomplete.
"We're not happy about a 6-point loss, simple as that," Patterson said. "That's not what this program's about. I didn't know if we had the people to be able to challenge for a conference championship, but the bottom line is to it, we're danged sure gonna try to."
NSA whistleblower William Binney (shown) has made the startling claim that the NSA is recording the audio of at least 80 percent of Americans' telephone calls. The NSA acknowledged in 2013, after repeated and explicit denials, that it was recording telephone metadata, but it still denies it is keeping the audio of any American's phone calls.
“At least 80% of fibre-optic cables globally go via the US,” Binney told the London Guardian July 10. “This is no accident and allows the US to view all communication coming in. At least 80% of all audio calls, not just metadata, are recorded and stored in the US. The NSA lies about what it stores.”
William Binney can perhaps be called the “legal Edward Snowden,” as the 32-year veteran of the NSA did not take NSA documents or reveal classified information in his whistleblowing. And while some have criticized NSA whistleblower Snowden for not following established legal channels, Binney's character remains unimpeached. Binney has particular credibility because he was the author of the software used to conduct the domestic surveillance, which he had created to spy on foreign governments and terrorist threats. Binney explained in a 2012 documentary short film that:
After 9/11 they took one of the programs I had done — the back end of it — and started to use it to spy on everybody in this country. That was a program they created called STELLAR WIND. That was separate and compartmented from the regular activity that was ongoing because it was doing domestic spying.
It was because his software had been turned on American citizens that Binney took his protests public and resigned from the NSA on October 31, 2001. “The ultimate goal of the NSA is total population control,” Binney told The Guardian July 10, “but I'm a little optimistic with some recent Supreme Court decisions, such as law enforcement mostly now needing a warrant before searching a smartphone.”
Binney has never been charged with a crime, but that didn't stop the powers-that-be in Washington from trying to intimidate him. The FBI led a 2007 “dynamic entry” raid at Binney's house, and pointed drawn guns at him as he emerged from his shower. But Binney simply asked to get dressed and told the FBI agents that he had violated no laws. He added that he had evidence of serious crimes. When asked by the FBI agents what those crimes were, Binney, according to his testimony in a 2012 documentary, said: “George Bush, Dick Cheney, Tenet and Hayden conspired to subvert the Constitution, the constitutional process and any number of laws. And here is how they did it.”
Binney continued in that interview: “And I explained STELLAR WIND on my back porch to all the FBI agents who weren't cleared. So I created a problem for them because they had a bunch of people now who weren't cleared for a very highly classified program — only because it was domestic spying, by the way — was the reason it was highly classified. They wanted to highly classify the extreme, impeachable crimes that they were committing.”
Binney later told the Internet video program Democracy Now! that things have not gotten any better under the Obama administration. “I think the surveillance has increased. In fact, I would suggest that they have assembled on the order of 20 trillion transactions about U.S. citizens with other U.S. citizens.” Binney noted that this is only phone calls and e-mails. It doesn't include other Internet traffic and financial transactions. Binney stated at a DefCon technology seminar, “Unfortunately, the software ... once it takes in data, it will build profiles on everybody in that data.”
“The NSA is mass-collecting on everyone,” Binney told The Guardian, “and it's said to be about terrorism but inside the US it has stopped zero attacks.” Binney sums up the NSA's attempt to get all information on Americans stored in their databases: “The point is that the data that is being assembled is about everybody. And from that data then they can target anyone they want.”
Photo of William Benney: AP Images
Scientists from Germany and Japan have developed a new magnetic sensor, which is thin, robust and pliable enough to be smoothly adapted to human skin, even to the most flexible part of the human palm. The achievement suggests it may be possible to equip humans with magnetic sense.
Magnetoception is a sense which allows bacteria, insects and even vertebrates like birds and sharks to detect magnetic fields for orientation and navigation. Humans are however unable to perceive magnetic fields naturally. Dr. Denys Makarov and his team have developed an electronic skin with a magneto-sensory system that equips the recipient with a "sixth sense" able to perceive the presence of static or dynamic magnetic fields. These novel magneto-electronics are less than two micrometers thick and weights only three gram per square meter; they can even float on a soap bubble.
The new magnetic sensors withstand extreme bending with radii of less than three micrometers, and survive crumpling like a piece of paper without sacrificing the sensor performance. On elastic supports like a rubber band, they can be stretched to more than 270 percent and for over 1,000 cycles without fatigue. These versatile features are imparted to the magnetoelectronic elements by their ultra-thin and -flexible, yet robust polymeric support.
"We have demonstrated an on-skin touch-less human-machine interaction platform, motion and displacement sensorics applicable for soft robots or functional medical implants as well as magnetic functionalities for electronics on the skin," says Michael Melzer, the PhD student of the ERC group led by Denys Makarov concentrating on the realization of flexible and stretchable magnetoelectronics. "These ultrathin magnetic sensors with extraordinary mechanical robustness are ideally suited to be wearable, yet unobtrusive and imperceptible for orientation and manipulation aids," adds Prof. Oliver G. Schmidt, who is the director of the Institute for Integrative Nanosciences at the IFW Dresden.
This work was carried out at the Leibniz Institute for Solid State and Materials Research (IFW Dresden) and the TU Chemnitz in close collaboration with partners at the University of Tokyo and Osaka University in Japan.
“The state government has to spend R32,500 crore in the next four years for creation of infrastructure in capital city Amaravati,” (Reuters)
World Bank, Hudco and Andhra Bank together have ‘in-principle' sanctioned an amount of around R17,500 crore for building the greenfield capital city, Amaravati. According to Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu, the state government has proposed to spend R32,500 crore in the next four years to build Amaravati city.
Naidu has also directed officials to scout for international funding agencies that extend loans at cheaper rates of interest. “The state government has to spend R32,500 crore in the next four years for creation of infrastructure in capital city Amaravati,” Naidu said.
Ajay Jain, principal secretary, energy, I&I, CRDA, AP, said this is the first time in the country that any of the financial institutions have supported such a massive scale of construction.
Corporate majors such as Google, Microsoft, Apple, IBM, Tesla, GE, etc, which are in the front-end for disruptive technologies, may be associated with Amaravati construction for economic development and employment generation. The government plans to pool up required funds and it was necessary to zero in on financial institutions for the funding, a release said.
Besides, the state government is also exploring alternative funding sources like pension funds and sovereign funds to achieve low-cost funding for capital construction. A loan of R7,500 crore had been tied up with Hudco and the World Bank loan for R4,700 crore had also been approved by the central government.
As per rough estimates, the government has proposed to spend R4,967 crore on roads and R750 crore on drinking water and sewerage facilities. Besides, R3,287 crore will be spent on the power sector. Another R1,000 crore was required for flood management and R250 crore for greenery, R519 crore was required to provide infrastructure in the villages of the capital city.
Explaining the latest developments, Capital Region Development Authority (CRDA) commissioner Cherukuri Sridhar said SRM university's proposal for setting up of university in Amaravati was approved by the state cabinet and it is proposed to allocate 200 acres of land to set up university campus with 17,000 students by the end of phase-1 in five years and 52,000 students by the end of phase-2 in 10 years. This campus would include a medical college and university.
Indo-UK Institute of Health (IUIH) in collaboration with King's College, London, proposes to establish healthcare project in Amaravati with an investment of R1,000 crore. IUIH is allocated 150 acres of land in Amaravati. phase-1 of project 1,000-bed King's College Hospital, 200-student nursing school, 200-student paramedic training school, NHS Oncology Unit with rehabilitation centre, and IUIH supply chain centres. phase-2 project includes King's College London medical college, Zimmer Biomet PG Medical Centre, IBM Asia data analytics centre, implant manufacturing industry, NHS stem cells — transnational research and medical centre, 5-star and 3-star hotels.
Besides, the state government is also contemplating to allot 200 acres of land to Amrita university which has proposed to set up its campus in Amaravati with 18,000 students by the end of phase-1 and 47,000 students by the end of second phase.
The energy allocation (EA) model defines behavioral strategies that optimize the temporal utilization of energy to maximize reproductive success. This model proposes that all species of the animal kingdom share a universal sleep function that shunts waking energy utilization toward sleep-dependent biological investment. For endotherms, REM sleep evolved to enhance energy appropriation for somatic and CNS-related processes by eliminating thermoregulatory defenses and skeletal muscle tone. Alternating REM with NREM sleep conserves energy by decreasing the need for core body temperature defense. Three EA phenotypes are proposed: sleep–wake cycling, torpor, and continuous (or predominant) wakefulness. Each phenotype carries inherent costs and benefits. Sleep–wake cycling downregulates specific biological processes in waking and upregulates them in sleep, thereby decreasing energy demands imposed by wakefulness, reducing cellular infrastructure requirements, and resulting in overall energy conservation. Torpor achieves the greatest energy savings, but critical biological operations are compromised. Continuous wakefulness maximizes niche exploitation, but endures the greatest energy demands. The EA model advances a new construct for understanding sleep–wake organization in ontogenetic and phylogenetic domains.
After 40 years as a wine importer, Kermit Lynch remains as outspoken as ever. After 40 years as a wine importer, Kermit Lynch remains as outspoken as ever. Photo: Russell Yip, The Chronicle Photo: Russell Yip, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Wine's brave new world is vintage Lynch 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
"I have been called a Kurmudgeon," writes Kermit Lynch in the new edition of "Adventures on the Wine Route" (Farrar, Straus and Giroux; 276 pages; $28), his influential book. And it's a good time for Lynch to be feisty.
Surely, after more than 40 years in business, the West Coast's most famous wine importer could easily mellow out, kick back on the porch of his second home in Provence and enjoy a glass of the Domaine Tempier Bandol Rosé that, via Chez Panisse, he's turned into Berkeley's official drink.
But having just released a 25th anniversary edition of "Adventures," including some 35 pages of new end material, Lynch is back in the public eye, and as outspoken as ever.
Perhaps that is because his view of wine - notably intimate, intended for food and driven by small producers - is ascendant among a new generation.
Even now, he finds himself tangling with wine critics. (After Robert Parker once called Lynch's newsletters "colossal bull-," Lynch asked Parker if he could reprint that assessment.) It amuses Lynch that, for instance, he has been pegged as a proponent of so-called natural wines. In his new epilogue, he suggests that such wines' proponents "in their zeal leave their palates behind."
"People don't realize that I made it a point not to have a philosophy, but to first consider the wine in the glass," he says. "To sit around, arguing it like religion, doesn't interest me at all."
I joined Lynch not long ago for lunch and a conversation at his Berkeley home. He made BLTs and I brought a couple of au courant California wines to share because one of the things he's been called lately is a California hater ("When a lot of California wineries started chasing high Parker scores, I lost interest," he told the New York Times in October). They were bottles I felt might not be what he has called, derisively, "pop wines."
In truth, Lynch has become a lightning rod for various trends through the years - good (serious wines from places like Chinon and Cote-Rotie) and ill (those "natural" wines whose flaws were occasionally foisted on his customers).
At a time in the 1990s and 2000s when the French, like Californians, chased the internationalist style that was critically favored, Lynch defended the old ways. Then, it sounded stodgy. Now, it sounds revivalist.
His portfolio, sold out of his retail shop on Berkeley's San Pablo Avenue and via a nationwide network of distributors, includes wines that have come to be legendary, like those from Jean-Francois Coche of Meursault's Coche-Dury. (At $2,000 per bottle, the Coche-Dury Corton-Charlemagne is one of the world's most expensive white wines.) But it also includes the Beaujolais wines of the progenitors of so-called natural wines, namely those of Jules Chauvet and Marcel Lapierre. Hence Lynch's reputation as a naturalista.
A contrary view
He prefers to frame his work differently. Having fallen in love with European wine during his 1970s travels, he wondered why so many Americans who made similar journeys would return and wonder why the wines they swooned over abroad didn't taste as good back home.
Read Full Article
Pruitt's ties to Devon extend beyond email exchanges. As Oklahoma Attorney General, he sued the EPA over its methane emissions regulation in 2016 along with American Petroleum Institute, of which Devon Energy is a member. API contributes money to the Republican Attorneys General Association of which Scott Pruitt was an executive committee member in 2014-2015. That lawsuit is still pending, and the EPA methane rule is still in effect.
Why this matters depends on who you ask. The collaboration shows that Devon Energy had huge influence over the Oklahoma AG's office, which was basically fighting these laws on its behalf. The AG's office says that it's part of its job to protect and stand up for Oklahoma industry, but environmental groups say the relationship shouldn't be quite so cozy.
The more than 7,500 pages of emails released Tuesday show that this was not an isolated incident. Devon Energy and Pruitt's office were routinely trading drafts of letters to federal agencies with each other and working very closely to fight federal environmental rules.
An earlier New York Times investigation from 2014 had revealed a “secret alliance” between Pruitt's office and Devon Energy, an oil and gas company. Pruitt sent an official letter to the EPA with language that was nearly copied and pasted from a suggested draft from Devon Energy in 2011 about air pollution.
In his new role as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott's Pruitt's job is to enforce rules that he's been fighting — together with the oil and gas industry — for years. Pruitt became famous for fighting federal environmental regulation in Oklahoma when he was the state's attorney general, and thousands of emails made public this week show he routinely collaborated with oil and gas companies in their efforts to buck the EPA and other agencies.
Read more
In his new role as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott's Pruitt's job is to enforce rules that he's been fighting — together with the oil and gas industry — for years. Pruitt became famous for fighting federal environmental regulation in Oklahoma when he was the state's attorney general, and thousands of emails made public this week show he routinely collaborated with oil and gas companies in their efforts to buck the EPA and other agencies.
An earlier New York Times investigation from 2014 had revealed a “secret alliance” between Pruitt's office and Devon Energy, an oil and gas company. Pruitt sent an official letter to the EPA with language that was nearly copied and pasted from a suggested draft from Devon Energy in 2011 about air pollution.
The more than 7,500 pages of emails released Tuesday show that this was not an isolated incident. Devon Energy and Pruitt's office were routinely trading drafts of letters to federal agencies with each other and working very closely to fight federal environmental rules.
Why this matters depends on who you ask. The collaboration shows that Devon Energy had huge influence over the Oklahoma AG's office, which was basically fighting these laws on its behalf. The AG's office says that it's part of its job to protect and stand up for Oklahoma industry, but environmental groups say the relationship shouldn't be quite so cozy.
Pruitt's ties to Devon extend beyond email exchanges. As Oklahoma Attorney General, he sued the EPA over its methane emissions regulation in 2016 along with American Petroleum Institute, of which Devon Energy is a member. API contributes money to the Republican Attorneys General Association of which Scott Pruitt was an executive committee member in 2014-2015. That lawsuit is still pending, and the EPA methane rule is still in effect.
Jack Lienke, a native Oklahoman and senior attorney at the Institute for Policy Integrity, a regulatory policy think tank at NYU, said the emails did not surprise him. “It's hard to overstate the presence that the oil and gas industry has on Oklahoma politics and culture. You can see the Devon tower [the Devon Energy Center in Oklahoma City] from anywhere in the city.”
Here are a couple of examples the emails revealed.
Pushing back against fracking rules
In May of 2012, the Bureau of Land Management proposed a revision to the federal rule about hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, on public lands — its first revision since 1988, when the practice was not nearly as popular. After outcry from oil and gas companies, including Devon Energy, which was then working closely with the Oklahoma AG's office, the bureau withdrew the proposed rule that same year.
In January 2013, Bill Whitsitt, a spokesman for Devon Energy, emailed Patrick Wyrick, Solicitor General at the Oklahoma AG's Office, to thank him for his help fighting the rule.
“I just let General Pruitt know that BLM is going to propose a different version of its federal lands hydraulic fracturing rule thanks to input received – thanks for the help on this! We'll see the new proposal sometime next week I believe and we'll be back in touch on potential next steps,” the email from Whitsitt reads.
In February 2013, Whitsitt's office emailed Melissa Houston, chief of staff at the AG's office, with information about the “appropriate contact for AG Pruitt's folks to use in requesting a meeting with the head of OMB's [White House Office of Management and Budget] OIRA [Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs] or designee to visit about the BLM Rule.” The offices coordinated arranging calls and meetings with officials at the White House throughout 2013.
On March 6, 2013, Whitsitt sent Houston and Sarah Lenti, an outside political consultant hired by Pruitt's office, a draft letter to send to OMB: “The attached draft letter (or something like it that Scott [is] comfortable talking from and sending to the acting director to whom the letter is addressed) could be the basis for the meeting or call.”
Houston responded, “Thanks Bill — we will look at it and start working on a draft.”
One week later, Houston sent another draft back to Whitsitt at Devon Energy asking for suggestions. Whitsitt responded, “Terrific! Thanks Melissa, and please thank General Pruitt …. I'm making sure some key players on the issue see Scott's letter.”
Their team effort paid off; the final rule the bureau adopted in 2015 was more narrow in scope and gave the agency less oversight of oil and gas companies like Devon.
Editing a letter to the EPA on methane emissions
The offices collaborated on pushback against seven states that announced plans to sue the EPA for lack of methane regulation in 2012.
On May 1, 2013, Clayton Eubanks, Deputy Solicitor General, sent a draft letter for EPA about methane regulation to Whitsitt for his review.
That same day, Whitsitt responded with edits: “Here you go! Please note that you could use the red changes, or both red and blue (the latter being some further improvements from one of our experts) or none. Hope this helps. Thanks for all your work on this!”
In response to a request for comment on the emails, the Oklahoma Attorney General's office pointed to comments it made after the Times' 2014 investigation: “The A.G.'s office seeks input from the energy industry to determine real-life harm stemming from proposed federal regulations or actions. It is the content of the request not the source of the request that is relevant.” The EPA did not respond for a request for comment.
Habibah Abass and Emmalina Glinskis contributed reporting.
For the past 44 years, the Penn State Dance Marathon, better known as THON, has had its fair share of variations . Whether it's the change in the mission statement, venue, or who they donate to, the sentiment has always been the same — to help find a cure.
To date, THON has helped raise over $127,888,731.53 with 127,766,985 of that going to the Four Diamonds Fund (more accurately, a very large percent of that is donated to the Four Diamonds Fund, about 96%, where the other 4% is kept in-house for things like office supplies, envelopes, etc.). These, far and away, are both incredible totals, but I was curious as to the true value of every dollar and cent raised since 1973.
So, since it is once again February, I collected data from THON.org, as well as the Dance Marathon Alumni Interest Group, and accounted for inflation for every THON Weekend total since 1973 in terms of 2015 USD.
***THON INFLATION***
*NOTE: The latest US government CPI data published on January 20, 2016 is used to adjust for inflation and calculate the cumulative inflation rate through December 2015.
**NOTE: Some of the totals varied between the two sites, so I used the higher total. However, at some points when the total may have been lower on THON.org, but more accurate to the cent, that total was cited.
The first thing to note is that there have been six instances in THON's history where the total from THON weekend has not surpassed its previous years: 1981 & 1982, 1993 & 1994, 1994 & 1995, 2002 & 2003, 2003 & 2004, and 2014 & 2015. Therefore, even with inflation, the adjusted total would naturally be less.
A more interesting observation is that even in years where the total has surpassed the previous year, the adjusted total is worth less than the previous year. This is seen in 2001 & 2002 as well as 2005 & 2006. Another time this has happened (and is unmarked because it would have been strange to do so) is in 1995 and 1996 where the totals are more than the total from 1992, but after inflation are still worth less than the 1992 total.
It is smart to note as well, that THON's fiscal year ends in the summer, meaning that even though the totals on THON Weekend may have been less than the previous year's, THON still usually raises more than the year before by the end of its fiscal cycle.
Some other fun patterns include the jumps. For instance, the year THON moved to the White Building, there was a nearly $20,000 jump in the total. In 1992, the year of THON's 20th anniversary, they surpassed the one million mark for the first time, a 145% increase from the previous year. When they switched venues from their long time (and surely cramped) home to Rec Hall they raised a half-million more in 1999 than in 1998, and there was a steady increase for the following three years. On the 35th anniversary in 2007, the first time they moved to the BJC, the total rocketed to over 5.2 million dollars, which is a million more than the the final year in Rec. And finally, in 2012, after a tumultuous winter given everything that happened with the Second Mile and Penn State's reputation, on it's 40th anniversary, students from all campuses, orgs, and alumni alike helped to raise an astonishing total of more than $10 million — a more than $1 million gain from the previous year, as well as the first time THON raised over eight figures.
The Penn State Dance Marathon has been an impressive part of student life year in and year out, and to date, adjusted for inflation and not including 2016, has raised $149,445,955.17 — $148,961,784.81 of that has gone to the children, families, researchers and staff of the Four Diamonds Fund.
On February 21st, the student volunteers will surely raise another astronomical amount. But as we all know, it's not really about the money, it's about making the difference in the life of a child.
To make a tax deductible donation to THON, visit donate.thon.org.
For more information you can visit THON.org or dmaig.org.
Advertisements
The former Scottish Labour leader is the second person to be evicted from the show.
Homeward bound: MSP latest to leave the jungle. ITV Studios
Former Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is the second person to be evicted from I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!
On Sunday the MSP followed comedian Shappi Khorsandi, who was evicted from the reality show on Friday.
The politician has spent two weeks in the Australian jungle and shared the camp with other celebrities including Amir Khan, Jamie Lomas and Rebekah Vardy.
The Lothian MSP sparked controversy when it was announced she was a late entry into the hit ITV show featuring a total of 12 contestants.
The 36-year-old's fellow MSPs discussed a possible suspension from the party, as new Labour leader Richard Leonard took the helm last month.
Leonard said he would accept the "collective decision" of the party.
On November 21 Scottish Labour business manager James Kelly said: "The Scottish Parliamentary Labour group today discussed the decision of Kezia Dugdale to take an unauthorised leave of absence from her parliamentary duties.
Kez: Politician is no Queen of the jungle. James Gourley/REX/Shutterstock/PA
"Today, the group concluded that Kezia Dugdale would not face suspension.A spokesman for the Scottish Conservatives said: "Kezia clearly thinks dining on kangaroo testicle is more appealing than being an MSP.
"She should consider her position as an elected member before chucking herself off that plane over the Australian jungle."
Dugdale's party colleague Jenny Marra was critical of the move, describing being an MSP as "a privilege... not a shortcut to celebrity".
Assuming standard sunrise & sunset at 6am & 6pm, the day is divided into different parts for different activities:
4.24am - 6 - brahma muhurtham (actually 2 muhurtams, since 1 muhurtam = 48 minutes) - snanam, sandhyavandanam
6 - 8.24 - pratah kalah - veda adhyanana (learning)
8.24 - 10.48 - sangava kala - danam (both giving & taking), items for puja
10.48 - 1.12 - madhyanika kala - madhyanika sandhya, tarpana, vaisvadeva, ijjai (bhagavad aradhana/neivedyam), manushya yagna (feeding athithis), finally bhojana (if no sraddham on that day)
1.12 - 3.36 - aparahna kala - sradhham, purana adhyanana, veda adhyapana (teaching)
3.36 - 6 - sayam kala - snanam, sandhyavandanam
6 - 7.24 - bhojana
7.24 - 9.48 - bhoga
- bhoga 9.48pm - 4.24am - nidra
Source - http://www.kamakoti.org/hindudharma/part19/chap10.htm
Above is a ideal way of living, for brahmanas. For modern days, instead of full-blown-heavy breakfast, we can have milk with jaggery, or buttermilk, or pazhayadu (previous night's left overcooked rice that was immersed in water), or fruits like banana that was offered to Bhagavan previous day.
Same above menu for evening 'tiffin'. This reduces the amount of cooking house ladies have to do, the utensils they have to clean, the kitchen they have to tidy up, cos its unnecessary burden on our mothers, sisters, wives etc.
Avoid dosa, idli, chutney, upma, bhel puri, pani puri, samosa, ice cream etc. every day, unless these items replace dinner.
There is a 4th part of that folklore:
eka (1) bhojanam - yogi (saint) dvi (2) - bhogi (enjoyer) tri (3) - rogi (diseased) chatvari (4) - drohi (traitor)
Eating only twice a day = you get benefits of upavaas (fasting)
Joining with wife only on prescribed days = you get benefits of brahmacharya (celibacy)
You might have heard story of Krishna and Durvasa claiming to be nitya brahmachari or nitya upavaasi. They are bhagavan and maharishi, so their actions are spiritual without material desires or attachments. But if a layman asks how they can make those claims, above two methods give shastric allowance for fasting & celibacy.
Joe's Stone Crab is a South Florida culinary institution and one of the most iconic restaurants in the city. It's a twenty-mile trip from the suburbs of West Miami, over the brightly lit MacArthur causeway into Miami Beach on the way to Joe's for someone's 65th wedding anniversary where your rich uncle is footing the bill.
Until a few years ago, I only had the pleasure of imagining what a restaurant with such notoriety would be like. I imagined dusty chandeliers and penguin-like servers anxiously dusting off your table with those bread crumb sweeper things. I imagined rich, fat people wearing lobster bibs like in the cartoons. A hidden basement where they store crates of stone crabs and fancy ground espresso. The mafia. Sylvester Stallone sharing a cigar with my grandpa. I don't know, I had weird, misguided expectations about this place.
Earlier in my career, I got to tag along on a big client dinner to Joe's (when someone invites you to Joe's for free, you don't question it.) But as I'm sitting at the table, I start to develop some serious anxiety watching everyone around me expertly picking apart and eating stone crab claws. What do I do with this tiny, stupid fork? Why didn't my parents prepare me for this moment? As a dining novice with a lack of motor skills that I fashionably mask as “being awkward,” I couldn't possibly juggle both clever table conversation and the dismantling of giant hard-shelled crustaceans.
The last time I ate with a group of somewhat important people, I forcefully (and quite painfully) swallowed a whole artichoke after learning that the leaves were not edible. After several minutes of confused chewing, a big gulp of diet coke, and with pain-induced tears in my eyes, I vowed to only eat foods suitable for children under five whenever dining for business.
So, I skipped Joe's complicated stone crabs and reached for the plate of roasted tomatoes instead. I could handle tomatoes. Just fork, knife, mouth. Chew, smile, nod.
After dinner, I remember driving home thinking about those juicy beefsteak tomatoes, topped with toasty creamed spinach, breadcrumbs, and melted cheese. I felt like an unsophisticated plebeian for fancying a $10 dish out of what must've been a hefty four-figure bill at a place where being a thirty-year career server was a thing.
Since no one has invited me back since that meal, I've been frequenting Joe's Take Away instead. This is Joe's Stone Crab's takeout store that exists as a weird combination of deli, flower shop, and inadvertent tourist destination where you can order stone crabs and other classic dishes from the original menu. It's a great way for me to practice my stone crab-eating skills and eat the same roasted tomato dish from the comfort of my own home.
After having a chance to more closely inspect the tomatoes, I decided to start making them myself. To my surprise, this dish has a very high easy-to-make to delicious ratio. In fact, I successfully made my husband fall in love with me all over again with only five bucks and a slice of American cheese. You can replicate this extremely cheap date too (but with someone else's husband, please) with the following recipe:
Joe's Stone Crab Roasted Tomatoes
Adapted from Todd Wilbur's Top Secret Recipes
Serves 4
Ingredients:
Four 1-inch slices of beefsteak tomato (feel free to make them even chunkier)
½ cup of creamed spinach that's made with: 3 tbsp of salted butter 1 tbsp of minced garlic 1 tbsp of all-purpose flour ¾ cup half-and-half 2 10 oz boxes of frozen chopped spinach (thaw first) ½ tsp salt ½ tsp ground nutmeg (the secret sauce) ¼ tsp ground black pepper
2 tbsp of melted butter
2 tbsp of seasoned breadcrumbs
Sliced American cheese (try to find the real, non-processed stuff) – Aged Gouda or Gruyere work as substitutes
Instructions:
Let's make the creamed spinach first. Thaw the frozen spinach and squeeze the water out of it. Try to find a more pleasant way of doing it, because spinach hands were my least favorite part of this recipe. Set aside.
Melt 3 tbsp of salted butter in a saucepan. Sauté the minced garlic on medium heat for a minute. Add the flour and heat for another minute. Whisk the half-in-half over the mixture.
Add the spinach to your saucepan, adding the ground nutmeg, black pepper, and salt. Simmer on medium/low heat for about 20 minutes. Stop picking at it, I know it's delicious.
While the spinach is simmering, slice your beefsteak tomatoes into slices. 1 inch, 2 inches. Who cares. Beefsteak tomatoes are delicious.
Arrange them on a baking sheet and add a little salt.
Now that your spinach is done, combine it with some melted butter and breadcrumbs in a bowl.
Spread the creamed spinach on top of each tomato (about 2 tablespoons each)
Slice your American cheese and pile an equal amount on top of the spinach for each tomato. My cheese already came sliced – I just used one per tomato.
Set your oven to broil, and stick the tomatoes in there for about 2 to 3 minutes. Keep an eye on it and take them out as soon as the cheese melts and browns.
This dish benefits greatly from being served and eaten right away.
Building a Scenario
In this post, I'll go through the steps I take to make a scenario, or level, for InnerSpace. However, two things before we get started: 1) There may be what some consider spoilers in this post and, 2) We're in early development, so there are still placeholders in place for certain elements of the game.
What is a Scenario?
Scenario is kind of a unique term that we're using with InnerSpace to refer to our “levels.” Since our world consists of large bubbles that are open for the player to fly/swim around as he or she pleases, we're designing scenarios to be placed into these bubbles. If you've ever played Skyrim, think of these as the forts that are scattered throughout the world, or as the dungeons. In a way, they're levels inside of a larger level…level-ception (queue the Hans Zimmer-esque brass section).
The Process
Step One: Design
Design inspiration can come from anything. I get ideas from games, movies, books, and even architecture. For example, the scenario that I'm going to walk through today came from an idea from the Harry Potter series.
Once I have the initial idea, I start drawing. Using graph paper (and a lot of it), I begin to draw out how I wanted the level to look. Once I have a solid idea the dimensions are mapped, I move on to step two.
Step Two: Whitebox and Prototype
This step is the first time I go into the software; in the case of InnerSpace, that's Unity 5. A Unity plug-in called Probuilder 2, made by ProCore, helps a lot with the quick creation of whiteboxes, which are levels built out of simple shapes, like cubes.
Once I have the whitebox looking how I want it to look, I do the most important thing any level designer can do: I playtest it. And once I've playtested it for a while, I continue playtesting. While playtesting, I continue to make notes on my graph paper. I tweak the sizes of objects and areas, and I add and remove walls until I'm ready to make the changes to the actual level, inside Unity. And this is where I get my best work done: the process of playtesting and tweaking levels. I've never met a level designer who has produced a perfect level on the first try. I add one block and then playtest that one area for ten minutes before moving on, and so on.
While whiteboxing is the process of making a level out of primitives, prototyping is the process of making a level function how I imagined. (This is where I put on my programmer hat.) I'm, by no means, a master programmer, but I try. It's important to me that everyone else on the team can have a full understanding of my idea for a level, so I prototype.
Once I have my level prototyped and whiteboxed, I playtest, again, and make any necessary changes. Then, I move to step three.
Step Three: Make it pretty
In last month's Kickstarter update, we talked a little about the modular system we're using for the towers in the game. We're doing this for a number of reasons, one of which being so that someone like me can build pretty towers and scenarios without constantly bothering the artists to make me pieces. This is a new way of building levels for me and has taken some getting used to, but it has worked out extremely well so far. Typically, I'd build whitebox a level, making sure it's fun to play and works how I want, then pass on the whitebox dimensions to environment artists for them to build specific pieces (assets) for me to place. The way we're building InnerSpace actually is a little like using Forge, in Halo, in that I already have all the pieces I need. Since I already start with all of the pieces, it's up to me (and the critiques of three artists and a creative director) to make a scenario that's interesting, both in looks and in gameplay.
Once I figure out the modular pieces that fit my scenario best, I move on to step four.
Step Four: Back to the Drawing Board
After adding the modular pieces, I'm forced to return to the initial design and make changes. Since I am limited by the pieces that I'm given, I have to sometimes tweak and bend my levels around them. At this step, I bring out more graph paper and sketch out any changes that need to be made to the interior of the pieces. And one by one, I implement those changes, playingtesting each change as I get them in.
The Harry Potter Scenario
So, that's the process of making a scewnario, in general terms. Now, I want to walk you through, step by step, me making an actual scenario from the game.
Step One:
In Harry Potter, there exists a set of stairs that moves, often leading the students to the wrong location (as seen in The Sorcerer's Stone). I realized that something like that in InnerSpace would do a few different things: 1) create an interesting challenge while flying, since the player now would have to fly inside of a moving structure, and 2) offer an interesting way to implement different paths inside of a single structure (fun for the player and fun for me to make). The first time you fly through it, the stairs might be leading to the top half of the structure, and the next time they might be leading towards the bottom. In my last post, I talked about the challenges in designing levels for InnerSpace. I faced every one of those challenges when designing this scenario.
Below are some of my hand-drawn sketches of this scenario.
Step Two:
Below are screenshots of the individual pieces of the scenario built in Unity 5 using Probuilder 2. There are entrances in Pieces 1, 4, and two in Piece Six. In fact, two is used twice (that's an image of the top one, but there's another identical one underneath it).
The second image is a screenshot of the whole scenario put together in its actual form.
I always find that this step takes the longest, and it usually results in the level looking completely different. Often, it's like designing a whole new level, since sometimes something on paper doesn't translate well into the software. This scenario was no different. I had to redesign this one three different times until I reached its current state…which is probably going to see more changes down the line.
Step Three:
Each part of the scenario is made of at least one modular piece. What's cool is when they're combined, they make completely different shapes, which adds to both gameplay and visual appeal. If you look closely at the image below, you can see that I use a few of the same pieces in several different places, but when combined, such as in the second image, they have a completely different look.
Step Four:
For this scenario, I've made several changes based on feedback from the team about the appearance, playability, and overall design. Since we're shooting for a design that fits the aesthetics of the world, I know that there will be things that change about this scenario as the world around it is developed and comes to life.
Conclusion
There's just something about getting out the graph paper and white boards that makes me love being a level designer. I really think that it's an extremely an importance of the process to make a successful design. Brainstorming before ever even touching the software, then once in engine, being efficient. I follow the guidelines I made on paper, then playtest until I can play the level with my eyes closed. Playtest, and playtest, and playtest. When I make a change, I don't just move on to something else, but then playtest at least ten more times.
I've always glad that I learned how to script. It makes me feel more valuable as a level designer and teammate. I'm not afraid to script my own levels. They're never as pretty as something a programmer can make them, but they help everyone involved in the game.
Finally, I'm never afraid to revisit the drawing board. As a level designer, it's my job to make sure every level/scenario that the player plays is fun, and sometimes that requires me makes changes or scrap ideas and make something new. After doing level design long enough, I've learned to never become too attached to any levels, as anyone who's ever worked with my knows…
I have heard that on one occasion the Blessed One was staying near Sāvatthī at Jeta's Grove, Anāthapiṇḍika's monastery. And on that occasion Ven. Nanda — the Blessed One's brother, son of his maternal aunt — announced to a large number of monks: "I don't enjoy leading the holy life, my friends. I can't keep up the holy life. Giving up the training, I will return to the common life."
Then a certain monk went to the Blessed One and, on arrival, having bowed down to him, sat to one side. As he was sitting there, he told the Blessed One: "Lord, Ven. Nanda — the Blessed One's brother, son of his maternal aunt — has announced to a large number of monks: 'I don't enjoy leading the holy life, my friends. I can't keep up the holy life. Giving up the training, I will return to the common life.'"
Then the Blessed One told a certain monk, "Come, monk. In my name, call Nanda, saying, 'The Teacher calls you, friend Nanda.'"
Responding, "As you say, lord," to the Blessed One, the monk went to Ven. Nanda, on arrival he said, "The Teacher calls you, friend Nanda."
Responding, "As you say, my friend," to the monk, Ven. Nanda went to the Blessed One and, on arrival, having bowed down to him, sat to one side. As he was sitting there, the Blessed One said to him, "Is it true, Nanda, that you have announced to a large number of monks: 'I don't enjoy leading the holy life, my friends. I can't keep up the holy life. Giving up the training, I will return to the common life'?"
"Yes, lord."
"But why, Nanda, don't you enjoy leading the holy life? Why can't you keep up the holy life? Why, giving up the training, will you return to the common life?"
"Lord, as I was leaving home, a Sakyan girl — the envy of the countryside — glanced up at me, with her hair half-combed, and said, 'Hurry back, master.' Recollecting that, I don't enjoy leading the holy life. I can't keep up the holy life. Giving up the training, I will return to the common life."
Then, taking Ven. Nanda by the arm — as a strong man might flex his extended arm or extend his flexed arm — the Blessed One disappeared from Jeta's Grove and reappeared among the devas of the heaven of the Thirty-three [Tāvatiṃsa]. Now on that occasion about 500 dove-footed nymphs had come to wait upon Sakka, the ruler of the devas. The Blessed One said to Ven. Nanda, "Nanda, do you see these 500 dove-footed nymphs?"
"Yes, lord."
"What do you think, Nanda? Which is lovelier, better looking, more charming: the Sakyan girl, the envy of the countryside, or these 500 dove-footed nymphs?"
"Lord, compared to these 500 dove-footed nymphs, the Sakyan girl, the envy of the countryside, is like a cauterized monkey with its ears & nose cut off. She doesn't count. She's not even a small fraction. There's no comparison. The 500 dove-footed nymphs are lovelier, better looking, more charming."
"Then take joy, Nanda. Take joy! I am your guarantor for getting 500 dove-footed nymphs."
"If the Blessed One is my guarantor for getting 500 dove-footed nymphs, I will enjoy leading the holy life under the Blessed One."
Then, taking Ven. Nanda by the arm — as a strong man might flex his extended arm or extend his flexed arm — the Blessed One disappeared from among the devas of the heaven of the Thirty-three and reappeared at Jeta's Grove. The monks heard, "They say that Ven. Nanda — the Blessed One's brother, son of his maternal aunt — is leading the holy life for the sake of nymphs. They say that the Blessed One is his guarantor for getting 500 dove-footed nymphs."
Then the monks who were companions of Ven. Nanda went around addressing him as they would a hired hand & a person who had been bought: "Venerable Nanda, they say, has been hired. Venerable Nanda, they say, has been bought.[1] He's leading the holy life for the sake of nymphs. The Blessed One is his guarantor for getting 500 dove-footed nymphs."
Then Ven. Nanda — humiliated, ashamed, & disgusted that the monks who were his companions were addressing him as they would a hired hand & a person who had been bought — went to dwell alone, secluded, heedful, ardent, & resolute. He in no long time entered & remained in the supreme goal of the holy life for which clansmen rightly go forth from home into homelessness, knowing & realizing it for himself right in the here-&-now. He knew, "Birth is ended, the holy life fulfilled, the task done. There is nothing further for the sake of this world." And thus Ven. Nanda became another one of the arahants.
Then a certain devatā, in the far extreme of the night, her extreme radiance lighting up the entirety of Jeta's Grove, approached the Blessed One. On arrival, having bowed down to him, she stood to one side. As she was standing there, she said to the Blessed One, "Lord, Ven. Nanda — the Blessed One's brother, son of his maternal aunt — through the ending of the effluents, has entered & remains in the effluent-free awareness-release & discernment-release, directly knowing & realizing them for himself right in the here-&-now." And within the Blessed One, the knowledge arose: "Nanda, through the ending of the effluents, has entered & remains in the effluent-free awareness-release & discernment-release, directly knowing & realizing them for himself right in the here-&-now."
Then, when the night had passed, Ven. Nanda went to the Blessed One and, on arrival, having bowed down to him, sat to one side. As he was sitting there, he said to the Blessed One, "Lord, about the Blessed One's being my guarantor for getting 500 dove-footed nymphs: I hereby release the Blessed One from that promise."
"Nanda, having comprehended your awareness with my own awareness, I realized that 'Nanda, through the ending of the effluents, has entered & remains in the effluent-free awareness-release & discernment-release, directly knowing & realizing them for himself right in the here-&-now.' And a devatā informed me that 'Ven. Nanda, through the ending of the effluents, has entered & remains in the effluent-free awareness-release & discernment-release, directly knowing & realizing them for himself right in the here-&-now.' When your mind, through lack of clinging, was released from the effluents, I was thereby released from that promise."
Then, on realizing the significance of that, the Blessed One on that occasion exclaimed:
In whom the mire of sensuality is crossed over, [2] the thorn of sensuality crushed, the ending of delusion reached: He doesn't quiver from pleasures & pains : a monk.
Image copyright PA Image caption Mark Williams (left) did not pocket the cash after all
Snooker officials were left pink with embarrassment when they sent notification of £165,750 prize money to the wrong player.
Mark Selby won the UK Championship on Sunday and earned himself the winnings.
But Mark Williams, who got to the quarter finals, tweeted he had a "nice little bonus" after being sent a message saying he would get the money.
World Snooker said the alert was an error and no actual money was sent and Williams was "having some fun."
The Jester from Leicester Selby took the title in a thrilling final in York against Ronnie O'Sullivan.
Image caption World Snooker said Williams was a "colourful character" who was bound to have fun with the mistake
But Williams, from Cwm, Blaenau Gwent, was green with envy when he received an email which said: "Dear Mark, UKChampionship 2016, we advise that the prize money for the above event will be in your account on the Friday 9th December".
He put an image of the message on Twitter saying: "This was a nice little bonus for me off @WorldSnooker1", adding the hash-tag "ithoughtibeatronnieaswell".
A spokesman for World Snooker said the notification was an administrative error and the funds went to the intended recipient.
He said: "I'm sure Mark Williams realised straight away what had happened.
"But being a colourful character he has run with it and is clearly having some fun."
Politico's live stream of an interview with Dick Cheney and his family cut to black on Monday just as a protester with handcuffs accused the former vice president of being a war criminal.
Host Mike Allen began the “Politico Playbook” event by asking Dick Cheney, his wife Lynne, and his daughter Liz if they talked about politics at home.
After Lynne Cheney took a jab at Hillary Clinton by saying that she was not “dead broke” when her husband was nominated for vice president in 2000, Liz Cheney complimented her parents for involving their children in politics from an early age.
About that time, someone in the audience began to yell that Dick Cheney was a “war criminal,” which caused Lynne Cheney to chuckle.
“Four more years! Four more years!” Liz Cheney shouted.
For a moment, the camera panned to the audience, where a woman wearing a pink sign and holding up a pair of handcuffs was being detained by security. Seconds later, the video went to black.
“And we are having some problems with the feed coming to us from the Politico Playbook lunch,” a C-SPAN announcer eventually explained.
Watch the video below from C-SPAN, broadcast July 14, 2014.
Cooperative Nightmare Horror
Kingdom Death is a nightmare horror world, wherein the cooperation of all the players is needed to withstand a harsh game system. If you have a personal problem or an issue. Please direct it at me and only me. We are doing our absolute best to answer everyone and although I know we are behind, we will get there.
I have nothing but tremendous thanks to everyone that made Kingdom Death possible. Please treat each other with respect. Thank you in advance for your understanding.
Please pledge responsibly and thank you again!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
For the sake of just pushing the update out as quickly as possible. I will let all the giant images do the talking!!!!
Facebook Inc plans to hire 1,000 more people to review ads and ensure they meet its terms, as part of an effort to deter Russia and other countries from using the social media network to interfere in others' elections, it said on Monday.
Facebook said last month that it believed people in Russia bought about 3,000 politically divisive ads on its network in the United States in the months before and after the November U.S. presidential election.
Since its disclosure, Facebook has faced questions and calls for increased U.S. regulation from U.S. authorities. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has outlined steps that the company plans to take to deter governments from abusing the social media network, the world's largest.
In a statement on Monday, Facebook said it would add more than 1,000 people over the next year and invest more in software to flag and take down ads automatically.
"Reviewing ads means assessing not just the content of an ad, but the context in which it was bought and the intended audience - so we're changing our ads review system to pay more attention to these signals," the company said.
Facebook said it had 17,048 employees at the end of 2016, excluding contractors. In May, it said it would hire 3,000 more people over the following year to speed up the removal of videos showing murder, suicide and other violent acts that shocked users.
Like other companies that sell advertising space, Facebook publishes policies for what it allows, prohibiting ads that are violent, discriminate based on race or promote the sale of illegal drugs.
With more than 5 million paying advertisers, however, Facebook has difficulty enforcing all of its policies.
The company said on Monday that it would adjust its policies further "to prevent ads that use even more subtle expressions of violence." It did not elaborate on what kind of material that would cover.
Facebook also said it would begin to require more thorough documentation from people who want to run ads about U.S. federal elections, demanding that they confirm their businesses or organizations.
Gorillaz have announced a North American tour behind their next studio album Humanz. The tour kicks off in Chicago, IL this July, and includes a string of dates through September and August. Check out the full itinerary below. It follows the announcement in March of Gorillaz's first North American show in seven years, at Festival d'été de Québec (Quebec City Summer Festival). The new Gorillaz album features Grace Jones, Mavis Staples, Danny Brown, De La Soul, Pusha T, Kali Uchis, Kelela, and many more; several of the guests appeared at their comeback show in London last month.
The LP has already been promoted with the release of four new songs: “Saturnz Barz” [ft. Popcaan], “Ascension” [ft. Vince Staples], “We Got the Power” [ft. Jehnny Beth of Savages], and “Andromeda” [ft. D.R.A.M.]. The band most recently premiered their collaboration with Mavis Staples and Pusha T, “Let Me Out.”
Read “Gorillaz Saw the Future of Pop Narratives.”
Gorillaz:
06-10 Margate, England - Demon Dayz 2017
07-08 Chicago, IL - Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island
07-10 Toronto, Ontario - Air Canada Centre
07-12 Boston, MA - Blue Hills Bank Pavilion
07-13 Philadelphia, PA - Festival Pier at Penn's Landing
07-15 Québec City, Québec - Festival d'Été International de Québec
07-17 Columbia, MD - Merriweather Post Pavilion
07-28-30 Niigata, Japan - Fuji Rock 2017
08-11-13 San Francisco, CA - Outside Lands Music & Arts Festival
09-15-17 New York, NY - The Meadows Music & Arts Festival
09-18 Detroit, MI - Fox Theatre
09-20 St. Paul, MN -Roy Wilkins Auditorium
09-22 Kansas City, MO - Sprint Center
09-24 Las Vegas, NV - Life Is Beautiful Music & Art Festival
09-26 Morrison, CO - Red Rocks Amphitheatre
09-30 Seattle, WA - KeyArena at Seattle Center
10-05 Inglewood, CA - The Forum
10-11 Duluth, GA - Infinite Energy Center
10-13-15 Miami, FL - III Points Festival
The UN General Assembly has approved a resolution strongly condemning human rights violations in Russian-annexed Crimea and referring to Russia as an "occupying power" there.
The resolution,put forward by Ukraine and 30 other countries, was approved by 70 states. Twenty-six, including Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and China, voted against. Seventy-six countries abstained from voting.
Ukraine's Permanent Mission to the United Nations said that the resolution confirms there is an armed conflict between Ukraine and Russia and condemns the retroactive application of Russian laws to the territory, which Russia illegally annexed in 2014.
Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin said the resolution was the "toughest one" yet to pass the UN, which adopted its first resolution condemning human rights abuses in Crimea with a similar vote a year ago.
"The pressure on Russia is being increased," Klimkin said on Twitter.
Ukrainian diplomats at the UN said Russia, which claims that Crimeans voted to join Russia in a March 2014 referendum that has not been internationally recognized, put "enormous pressure" on UN member states to reject the resolution or abstain from voting.
Ukrainian's UN mission said the resolution condemns the compulsory naturalization of Ukrainian citizens under the Russian occupation and calls for the immediate release of unlawfully detained Ukrainians.
The measure calls for an immediate end to all rights violations, including "arbitrary detentions, torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment," and demands that Russia fulfill the interim decision of the International Court of Justice on the restoration of rights and freedoms for Ukrainian citizens on the peninsula.
It urges Russia to revoke its decision declaring the Mejlis, the Crimean Tatar people's assembly, an extremist organization and banning its activities. It also called on Moscow to reverse other limitations imposed on Crimean Tatars.
The resolution also appeals to Russia to maintain the teaching of the Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar languages in the territory.
The measure condemns Russia for failing to provide access to Crimea for the UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission while it commends Ukraine for providing unhindered access to Crimea for journalists and human rights activists, and for supporting media and non-governmental organizations that were forced out of Crimea after Russia's takeover.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko thanked those who co-authored and voted for the resolution, calling them the "real friends of Ukrainian Crimea" in a Twitter post.
With reporting by Unian and Kyiv Post
Video
New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership announces £9m infrastructure fund as it reveals economic strategy for Norfolk and Suffolk
Areial view of the Norwich Research Park. Picture: Norwich Research Park Archant
A £9m funding pot has been ring-fenced for infrastructure projects across Norfolk and Suffolk which will drive growth in the region.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Leaf Expression Systems at Norwich Research Park. Dr Franziska Kellner talks about her work infiltrating agro bacterium in between individual cells in the leaf. Picture: DENISE BRADLEY Leaf Expression Systems at Norwich Research Park. Dr Franziska Kellner talks about her work infiltrating agro bacterium in between individual cells in the leaf. Picture: DENISE BRADLEY
The New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) announced the cash as it revealed the Economic Strategy for Norfolk and Suffolk after approval from its board on Wednesday.
The document sets out targets for the region to achieve by 2036 including growing the economy by £17.5bn, creating 88,000 new jobs and 30,000 new businesses.
The vision for Norfolk and Suffolk has been developed by councils and business groups, led by the LEP, and will be implemented in parts by the relevant partner.
The infrastructure fund will be available for projects which will be completed by March 31 2019.
The Sheringham Shoal Offshore Wind Farm off the Norfolk coast. Picture: Ian Burt The Sheringham Shoal Offshore Wind Farm off the Norfolk coast. Picture: Ian Burt
Successful bids must be able to show they fulfil priorities of the strategy including driving business growth and productivity, driving skills development and inclusion and supporting competitive clusters close to global centres.
Priority will be given to projects which have a well-developed outline business case, are realistic and achievable and can demonstrate flexibility in delivery.
Expressions of interest must be submitted by November 30 with the funding coming from the New Anglia LEP growth deal.
Chris Starkie, managing director of New Anglia LEP, said: “Launching this call for projects gives us the opportunity to start working towards the ambitions set out in the new strategy.
“We're keen to hear about projects which will improve connectivity, unlock growth and help to deliver higher level skills across the region.”
Other focuses of the economic strategy include building on opportunities in the energy sector on the East Anglian coast, growing the life sciences, biotech and agri-tech cluster at Norwich Research Park and developing the Norwich-Cambridge technology corridor along the A11.
Work on implementation plans for the strategy, involving public and private sector partners, has already started.
Business consultation events will take place early in the new year and implementation plans will be in place by April 1.
John McCain has opposed what he considers the wasteful spending of earmarks. McCain must OK earmarks, says GOP
Out on the stump, John McCain gets wild applause each time he promises as president to veto every spending bill that contains an earmark.
But McCain will find it almost impossible to live up to his vow, and gridlock would result if Congress refused to go along with such an executive branch power grab.
Story Continued Below
And that's what members of McCain's own party are saying.
“I don't think it's the right approach,” said Rep. Ralph Regula, an Ohio Republican who has spent three decades on the House Appropriations Committee. “I haven't done an earmark I wouldn't be happy to have spread all over the front pages of the paper.”
Rep. C.W. Bill Young (R-Fla.), a former Appropriations Committee chairman, warns that both parties in Congress would protect their power against a no-earmark policy.
“The Constitution is very specific and very clear about who appropriates money,” Young said. “Not all earmarks are pork-barrel spending.”
McCain has billed himself and his running mate as mavericks who will stand up to foolish spending.
The campaign has pitched Sarah Palin as a governor who said “no thanks” to an earmark for Alaska's “bridge to nowhere,” although press reports have established that she supported the earmark before she opposed it.
Rep. Jack Kingston, a Georgia Republican and member of the Appropriations Committee, says he understands McCain's desire to crack down on wasteful spending and kill the latest “bridge to nowhere.” But if a McCain administration suddenly started shooting down every spending bill, lawmakers on both sides might revolt.
“The realistic outlook is for a great reduction in earmarks and a real discussion about earmarks,” Kingston said.
Because Congress has failed again to finish its spending bills on time, the new president will likely receive a new omnibus spending bill just after taking office. If McCain makes good on his campaign promise, “he could veto it, and we'd probably override” the veto, Kingston said.
Or, if there aren't enough votes to override a veto, “it could be like 1995,” when the government shut down, says David Williams, vice president of policy for Citizens Against Government Waste, a watchdog group.
The promise to veto any bill with congressional earmarks doesn't take into account executive branch earmarks, which come by the scores in the president's annual budget request. McCain has not promised to get rid of the executive branch's line-item spending requests.
“What we would be doing is handing over all of our authority to the administration,” said Kirstin Brost, a spokeswoman for House Appropriations Committee Chairman Dave Obey (D-Wis.). “We'd be saying the White House, in its judgments, would decide what every community in America needs.”
This article tagged under: Congress
By Michael Balter
Most child health experts agree that a minimum of 6 months of breastfeeding is essential for the welfare of growing babies, although how well such recommendations are carried out widely varies across the globe. Less is known about the breastfeeding habits of other primates—and much less still about those of prehistoric humans. A research team now reports a new technique for accurately detecting when babies were weaned, using chemical signatures in their teeth. The method was successfully applied to the tooth of a Neandertal child, raising the possibility that researchers could decipher the life histories of our evolutionary cousins and even gain insights into why they went extinct.
Fossils of prehistoric humans and other primates are relatively rare because bone does not last well in most environments. Teeth, on the other hand, are hard and strong enough to survive through the ages, and they are often found at paleontological and archaeological sites. Researchers have worked diligently to extract information from ancient teeth. Paleontologists recently reported finding the teeth of the earliest apes, and archaeologists have used chemical isotopes in the teeth of early farmers to track their movements across the landscape.
A team led by Manish Arora, an environmental health dentist at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City, hypothesized that it might be possible to detect when a child was weaned from the amount of barium in its growing teeth. Barium is an element similar to calcium and is present in water sources and many types of soils, explains co-author Christine Austin, a dental researcher at Westmead Hospital in near Sydney, Australia. Barium makes its way into both teeth and bone in small amounts. As a tooth grows, both dentine, which makes up the center of a tooth, and enamel, which forms its hard surface, are laid down in daily layers, which are clearly visible under a microscope. The teeth begin growing before birth, but while a child is still in the womb the placenta blocks most barium—but not calcium—from reaching their dentine and enamel. After birth, barium in breast milk can more easily reach the teeth; and when a human baby is switched to infant formula, even more barium enters the teeth, because both cow- and soy-based formulas contain higher levels of the element than breast milk. Then, when the child switches from formula to solid food, the barium level goes back down.
The team, which reports its findings online today in Nature, started off by looking at the ratios of barium and calcium in the teeth of human children, using an instrument that scans the teeth with a laser and detects the elements found within the dentine and enamel layers. The researchers analyzed 25 baby teeth donated by mothers in Monterey County, California, who had kept careful records of their breastfeeding and infant formula habits as part of a child health program. Most of the teeth, a total of 22, revealed markedly higher barium levels right after birth; and in nine of 13 children who had first been breastfed and then given infant formula, the team could see a transition between the lower barium levels from breast milk and the higher barium levels of the formula. (The team could also distinguish children who went straight from breastfeeding to solid food without being given formula—their barium levels went down at the transition point.)
The researchers then looked at the molars of four young macaque monkeys at the California National Primate Research Center at the University of California, Davis, and correlated the barium signatures of the dentine and enamel of these teeth with data previously collected on the breastfeeding habits of the mother and infant monkeys. Again, the barium levels closely followed the course of breastfeeding and weaning among these animals, rising after birth and then falling to lower concentrations after weaning.
Finally, the researchers focused the technique on the molar of a 100,000-year-old Neandertal child earlier found at Scladina Cave in Belgium. Laser scanning of the tooth revealed that barium levels started off high right after birth and continued to be elevated for 7 months, apparently due to exclusive breastfeeding; they then fell to intermediate levels for another 7 months, suggesting that the mother's milk was supplemented by other food sources. But after 1.2 years, the child—who died at about 8 years of age—was abruptly weaned from breastfeeding, and barium fell to very low levels. (See photos.)
The researchers caution that it's impossible to draw broad conclusions about Neandertal life histories from this one sample, such as whether Neandertals weaned their children earlier or later than modern humans who lived at the same time, or whether Neandertal children grew up faster, as some earlier studies have suggested—questions that could heavily bear on why Neandertals could not keep up with modern humans in the survival sweepstakes. But the new technique could eventually provide some answers, says co-author Tanya Smith, an anthropologist at Harvard University. "Now that we've established an accurate and precise approach, we hope to examine additional fossils to determine at what age Neandertals actually weaned their infants."
Anthropologist Shara Bailey, an expert in ancient human teeth at New York University in New York City, says that "the barium method is novel and appears to be even more powerful" than previous approaches, adding that despite small sample sizes, "the authors present a strong argument for the utility of this method for extrapolating weaning history." Julia Lee-Thorp, an archaeologist at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom, agrees that the work with children and monkeys represents a "very solid validation" of the method, although she cautions that the amount of barium that children absorb through their guts and into their teeth could decrease as they get older and this could skew the results.
But Lee-Thorp, Bailey, and other researchers caution against reading too much into the findings from one Neandertal tooth, particularly any conclusions that Neandertals weaned their children early. "We have to keep in mind that the Scladina individual died quite early, and this might present a bias in our interpretations," Bailey says. She adds that future data from adult Neandertals might "lend more credence to any hypotheses about what Neandertals were doing on a regular basis."
Louise Humphrey, an anthropologist and tooth expert at the Natural History Museum in London, agrees, although she says that the early weaning of the Scladina child is "intriguing" because it is more than a year earlier than the nearly 30 months typical of modern human nonindustrial societies. If early weaning was typical of Neandertals, Humphrey says, it would be consistent with other evidence for a "faster pace of development" and raise the possibility that Neandertal mothers had shorter intervals between births and thus more kids on their hands at any given time.
ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science
Courtney Greenberg , CTV Toronto
Police are searching for four male witnesses after a taxi appeared to strike a cyclist near the Yorkville neighbourhood last week.The incident occurred on Thursday evening, just after 5:45 p.m.
A man, 57, was driving a 2011 Toyota Camry taxi northbound on Bay Street, north of Saint Mary Street, police said. A 31-year-old cyclist was also biking northbound on Bay in the same area.
The cyclist was then reportedly struck by a taxi and suffered minor injuries.
The cyclist was a bike courier for Favour Delivery. The company released a written statement after the incident and said they were “extremely concerned.”
“The safety of our Runners is a top priority,” they said in the statement. “We are in close contact with the Runner.”
The incident was recorded by a witness, YouTube vlogger and prankster Roman Atwood.
The video shows the cyclist tapping the back of the taxi before getting hit. The cyclist then falls over and the taxi comes to a stop.
The man filming the video is seen walking over to ask the cyclist if he is OK.
Another man interviewed on the video said the taxi driver was harassing the cyclist “for two blocks.”
Police have yet to lay any charges. They are now asking four people who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.
The first potential witness is described as a brown male between the ages of 30 and 40. He was described as having a medium build and wearing a dark blue short-sleeved shirt, dark grey pants and brown dress shoes. Police said he was riding a bicycle northbound on Bay Street and had stopped for the collision.
The second is described as a white man around 55 to 65 years old. He was described as bald with a grey goatee. He was wearing a light-blue shirt and glasses.
The third is described as a 30 to 40-year-old man with a thin build. He was described as wearing a light blue long-sleeved shirt and dark pants. He was riding a bicycle northbound on Bay Street and had stopped for the collision, according to police.
The fourth, who police say also stopped for the collision, was described as a white man aged 30 to 40. He was described as having a medium build with short dark hair. He was clean-shaven and was wearing a backpack with grey shoulder straps, a light blue and white striped button-down short-sleeved shirt, blue riding gloves and dark sunglasses.
This series is one part of UC Irvine's Musicianship 15 ABC sequence for music majors. An understanding of music notation and basic musical terms is helpful but not required for these presentations. The math involved is basic.
Pitch systems use mathematics to organize audible phenomenon for creative expression. The cognitive processes we develop through exposure to music comprise a kind of applied mathematics; our emotional responses to musical nuance grow out of a largely unconscious mastery of the patterns and structures in music. This series of presentations covers the basic mathematics and cognitive phenomenon found in the tonal system used in Western music and much of the music of the world. Over the course of several presentations we will explore basic concepts of pitch and frequency, the organizing rules of tonal systems, and the mathematical construction of basic scales and chords. The reasoning and purpose of equal temperament, the standard tuning system for tonal music, will be explored in this context. Presentations will include graphics and computer applications designed specifically to illustrate these concepts.
The Toronto Argonauts will likely have to do without Ricky Ray for a third of the season, leaving the No. 1 quarterbacking duties to a player with only one CFL start under his belt. Ray was put on the six-game injured list Tuesday, leaving little doubt his recovery from off-season shoulder surgery is a long time away.
Toronto Argonauts QB Ricky Ray looks on as his team plays the Winnipeg Blue Bombers during first half CFL action in Toronto on Tuesday June 9, 2015. He has been placed on the six-game disabled list. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Although the Argos could take him off the injured list earlier, it's unlikely given Ray's age (35), the seriousness of the injury (torn rotator cuff) and that he hasn't taken a snap yet in training camp. If Ray misses six games, the targeted return for last year's most outstanding player in the East Division is Aug. 14 in Winnipeg. The newly crowned No. 1, Trevor Harris, 29, looked good in his only CFL start in the final regular season game last season. But he's very short on experience, although he knows the Argonauts system having played here in a supporting role since 2012.
Article Continued Below
Harris will start his second pre-season game Thursday against the Alouettes in Montreal. Behind Harris are quarterbacks in Mitchell Gale, who has two seasons behind him in the Argo system, and Logan Kilgore, who joined the team late last season. Neither Gale nor Logan has started a CFL regular season game, leaving the Argos one injury away from disaster at the quarterback position. That's why the Argos reached out Saturday to sign CFL veteran Adrian McPherson, who played five seasons with the Montreal Alouettes as backup to Anthony Calvillo. By putting Ray on the six-game injured list, his salary (believed to be in the area of $320,000) is exempt from the salary cap.
However, Ray will not be allowed to practise with the team while he is on the injury list. If the Argos feel his recovery is going more quickly than anticipated and he needs to miss only the first five games, his targeted return date would be the first game at the Rogers Centre on Aug. 8 against the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Article Continued Below
However, his whole salary would count against the cap if he returns before six games. This doesn't mean that the Argos will use the salary cap relief to sign another quarterback. Argonauts GM Jim Barker said the thinking behind putting Ray on the six-game injured list now is to set Ray's mind at ease so that he will not feel pressure to come back sooner. This gives him a date to have in mind so he can relax and focus on his rehab, Barker said. Head coach Scott Milanovich had a slightly different interpretation on why the move was made Tuesday. “Ultimately, it was because I didn't want you guys asking about it next week and game week,” Milanovich told reporters. “That's the truth. We didn't want the distraction.” In the meantime, Ray can throw on his own on the sidelines and continue with his off-field rehab. He just can't practise with the team. Ray has thrown the ball to a team staff member prior to practices, but under doctor's orders, the numbers of balls he throws and the length of the throws is strictly controlled. Monday was a good day for Ray, the head coach said. “He felt less pinching, less pain when he threw,” Milanovich said, adding it's still too early to tell if Ray can return by Aug. 14. “I'm hopeful it's before that so we can pull him off the six-game (injury list),” Milanovich said. Meanwhile, in another roster move Tuesday, the Argos called back running Lyle McCombs after they cut him two days earlier. McCombs was needed after tailback Curtis Steele went down with a knee injury at practice Monday.
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Allardyce believes Winston Reid already has a verbal agreement to join another Premier League club this summer.
But the West Ham manager will continue to pick the New Zealand defender for the rest of the season as his team chase a European place.
Big Sam claimed the Irons had made the Arsenal target “a million offers” over the last 12 months to agree a new contract.
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane)
But, before tomorrow's FA Cup tie at Everton, Allardyce said: “His future is that his contract ends on 30 June - he hasn't said that he is or isn't going to sign at the moment. By the feel of it you'd err on the side that he won't so I think it's unlikely.
“I just feel it's gone on so long and with what other managers are telling me it doesn't bode well.
“I think he thinks he can do better. He thinks he can find a bigger club than we are. He thinks he can financially benefit more than what we've offered. That's what's in his mind whether that's the opportunity or not.
"If he's not going to sign a contract I would think that realistically I find it highly unlikely if it's not already verbally done. Are other managers getting calls from his agent? You said that, not me.”
Reid and his representatives can speak to foreign clubs now although Premier League clubs technically need permission.
(Image: Jamie McDonald)
“He's only allowed to speak to foreign clubs,” stated Allarydce. “But can we prove it?”
And the Irons boss again insisted Reid will not be sold this month.
“You have to balance it out - what is it £1.8m a place this year?” he asked. “And whatever money we get won't be enough to replace him in January.”
Diafra Sakho was seeing a specialist in London today to decide whether his back injury will be able to play in the Africa Cup of Nations.
Although Alex Song and Cheikh Kouyate are away, Allardyce promised to pick his strongest side a year after sending out his “most inexperienced side” for a 5-0 defeat at Nottingham Forest.
See all the action from the New Year's Day 3pm kick-offs:
The injury-hit Hammers then lost 6-0 to Manchester City in the Capital One Cup.
“It was a dark, dark period,” Allardyce recalled.
“This year we can prioritise the FA Cup because of our league position. Last year it was the bottom of our priorities because we were concentrating on getting out of trouble while also being in the semi-finals of the Capital One Cup.”
'Sticky' Bombs, Guns With Silencers Take Toll In Iraq
toggle caption Khalid Mohammed/AP
Violence in Iraq remains well below the levels of three years ago. But in recent months there has been a wave of targeted killings, with the preferred methods being "sticky" or magnetic bombs, and guns fitted with cheap, locally made silencers.
The U.S. military says that the shift in tactics may reflect improved measures by Iraqi forces to prevent blockbuster attacks. But Iraqis are unnerved by the killings.
The numbers of attacks are smaller, but otherwise the stories filling the Iraqi news media are depressingly familiar: Convoys ferrying politicians to their meetings blown apart. Police gunned down at checkpoints by assailants wielding silenced weapons. A journalist blown up by a magnetic bomb attached to his car.
Britain's Guardian newspaper recently cited figures from Iraq's major crimes unit showing that the magnetic bombs had killed more than 700 people this year, with another 600 shot and killed by silenced guns.
Those tallies would have been more like monthly totals during Iraq's bloodiest years of insurgent and sectarian violence. But as the country struggles to achieve stability amid a shrinking American presence, the attacks have sowed doubt among Iraqis about the future.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Khalil Al-Murshidi/AFP/Getty Images Khalil Al-Murshidi/AFP/Getty Images
Questions About Iraqi Security Forces
Iraqi journalist Imad al-Abadi has watched the string of assassinations with growing apprehension. He shows off his own scars to a reporter and recalls the day last November when gunmen with silenced weapons attacked him as he pulled up in his car outside a relative's house.
"Four bullets, three grazed my head and one passed clean through my neck. I'm lucky to be alive," Abadi says.
No one was ever arrested in that case. Abadi says day after day, Iraqis are gunned down by weapons fitted with these locally made silencers, and people are asking why Iraqi security forces don't do something about it.
"The government's weak intelligence is the problem. Unless, of course, the government doesn't want to know who's behind these attacks," he says.
Evolving Nature Of Terrorist Threat In Iraq
Politicians, journalists and university professors have been targeted, but the bulk of these assassinations have focused on Iraq's front-line guardians: rank-and-file security forces manning checkpoints or patrolling the streets.
The U.S. military's second-in-command, Lt. Gen. Robert Cone, says that may reflect the evolving nature of the terrorist threat in Iraq.
"When you see the Iraqis roll up, as they did a few weeks ago, a 2,500-pound bomb, you can count on the fact that that was probably a high-profile attack that didn't happen," he says.
Cone, the deputy commanding general for operations, says that's not to say that al-Qaida in Iraq and other terrorist groups no longer have the capacity to carry out major attacks. Four large explosions in July and August left 143 people dead and 330 wounded, according to Iraq's Interior Ministry.
Iraqis Live Amid Uncertainty And Fear
But Cone says the current level of about 15 attacks a day -- well below 2007 levels but still unacceptable -- suggests that what he calls "the network" is trying to weaken Iraq's defenses by going after individuals and small groups of security men.
"The current theory is that that is easier to execute than a large, high-profile attack, that this is what the network is now capable of. One would argue that the security measures of the Iraqis, with these checkpoints, have made freedom of movement more difficult. So they can't get their big bomb where they want to go, and so they're attempting to intimidate these mid- to low-level Iraqi security force members," he says.
Cone says the Iraqis won't be intimidated, and he expects their security measures to keep improving.
But these days, Iraqis trying to put the last seven years of war behind them find that their daily routine now includes checking underneath their cars for explosives and hoping they won't be nearby when the next car loaded with gunmen strikes.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Monday he was confident his government's one-seat majority was safe, despite questions over his deputy's citizenship which could disqualify him from parliament.
Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce (R) speaks with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull during House of Representatives Question Time at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia August 14, 2017. AAP/Lukas Coch via REUTERS
Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce said earlier on Monday that he may not be eligible for parliament after being told he may be a dual citizen of Australia and New Zealand.
The New Zealand government later said Joyce held New Zealand citizenship by descent as his father was born in New Zealand.
Australian politicians are not eligible to be elected to parliament if they hold dual or plural citizenship, a rule that has forced the resignation of two senators in recent weeks.
Turnbull's one-seat majority would be eliminated if Joyce was forced from office, likely triggering an election, political analysts said.
Joyce said he has asked Australia's High Court to decide the matter.
“The government is the very confident the court will not find that the member for New England is to be disqualified from the Parliament. Very confident,” Turnbull told parliament.
Opposition Labor MP Tony Burke told parliament Joyce should stand aside from the ministry and the government should not accept his vote.
“We've never before in this parliament...had to go to the High Court and say: ‘Look, we're not really sure if there's a majority government in this country',” he said.
Joyce said he would not resign or temporarily step down from office after being told by Australian Solicitor-General Stephen Donaghue that he would likely be cleared by the High Court.
“Neither I nor my parents have ever had any reason to believe that I may be a citizen of any other country,” he said.
Joyce's mother was Australian and his father was born in New Zealand and came to Australia in 1947 as a British subject.
If Joyce was disqualified, Turnbull would be forced to rely on the support of independents to prevent a successful no- confidence vote from the opposition Labor Party.
“I think if Joyce is forced out, Turnbull would call an election,” said Peter Chen, a senior lecturer in government at the University of Sydney.
Recent polls suggest Turnbull would lose an early election, with his government bleeding support to the populist far-right One Nation party, while moderates have flocked to Labor as Turnbull struggles to deliver on his progressive reputation.
The past week has been pretty busy for the Sharks fans. The Sharks finally decided to hint that new jerseys would be donned this season using 4 second videos showing a small aspect of the new jerseys.
The full view of the jerseys finally came out on Tuesday, and the majority of Sharks fans had the same opinion, “Our new jerseys are glorified practice jerseys.”
“The jersey was designed mainly with performance in mind,” said GM Doug Wilson, so the Sharks removed a lot of the weight from the jersey and switched to a new material. These jerseys are supposed to feel like the black alternates that the Sharks posted a 12-1-2 record in last season (including the playoffs). The result of the redesigning is much lighter and cleaner look to the home teals and road whites.
Personally, I like the way the away jerseys look, but i'm not as impressed with the home jerseys. I don't care what the team wears as long as they bring home the cup.
The Sharks also announced the dates that they will be donning the black armor alternates. They will be used every home game on Thursday and Sunday (excluding the home opener.) Here are the dates:
11/7/13 vs. Vancouver
11/21/13 vs. Tampa Bay
12/12/13 vs. Minnesota
12/29/13 vs. Anaheim
1/2/14 vs. Edmonton
1/9/14 vs. Detroit
1/23/14 vs. Winnipeg
3/6/14 vs. Pittsburgh
3/20/14 vs. Anaheim
3/27/14 vs. Winnipeg
4/3/14 vs. Los Angeles
What do you guys think of the new jerseys, and which jersey is your favorite?
SIDE NOTE: Over the summer, Jeff Gambardella, a street performer who sat across from HP Pavilion for many years playing his guitar passed away. His music was a pleasure to listen to before or after a game. Even if the Sharks lost, his music would put you in a good mood. RIP to him, and my condolences to his family. His presence will be missed.
A man who spent more than six years in a near-vegetative state after a horrific assault has made a dramatic recovery following a pioneering treatment to stimulate his brain with electrical pulses.
The 38-year-old American suffered devastating brain damage during a street robbery in 1999, leaving him almost completely unconscious and in need of round-the-clock care. Doctors who performed emergency surgery on the man told his parents that if he survived the operation, his chances of recovery were zero.
The man, who was confined to a bed in a specialised nursing home, very rarely opened his eyes, occasionally tried to mouth words and move his head, but was otherwise unable to communicate and had to be fed through a tube. Following the new treatment the patient, who cannot be named, is able to recognise and talk to his doctors and family, eat and drink normally and perform basic movements, such as brushing his hair.
It is the first time the technique, called deep brain stimulation, has been used to treat a patient in what neuroscientists refer to as a minimally conscious state. It is also the first clear sign that it may be possible to rehabilitate people with such severe brain damage that they have previously been considered untreatable by modern medicine. "He was beaten and kicked around his head, his skull was completely crushed and he was left for dead," the man's mother told a press conference by telephone. "The doctors said if your son pulls out of this in the next 72 hours, and we don't know if he will, he will be a vegetable for the rest of his life. You need to make a decision about what you want to do." The patient spent five years in a nursing home and his parents gave permission for him not to be resuscitated should his condition suddenly deteriorate.
In August 2005, a team of doctors from three hospitals in the US asked the family if they wished their son to join an experimental study to test the new technique, which involves implanting 1mm-wide electrodes into the two regions of the brain closely linked to consciousness. The technique is already used to stimulate other areas of the brain to control tremors in people with Parkinson's disease. Several trials are under way to test its effectiveness at treating severe depression, obsessive compulsive disorder, and epilepsy.
With the parents' agreement, the man was fitted with brain electrodes that fed into twin regions of the central thalamus and hooked up to a pacemaker implanted under the skin of the chest during a 10-hour operation. He was then treated with electrical pulses for 480 days.
The surgeons hoped that the electrical pulses might kickstart activity in his brain and reawaken intact brain circuits. The results, reported in the journal Nature, were rapid and astonishing.
"After deep brain stimulation, we immediately saw some changes, literally within the first day," said neurophysiologist Joseph Giacino, who led the post surgical team at the JFK Johnson Rehabilitation Institute in Edison, New Jersey.
At first, the man opened his eyes and was able to track people as they moved around the room. Later, he regained the ability to speak a few words at a time and make careful, intentional limb movements. He is now fitted with implants that stimulate his brain every 12 hours.
"My son can now speak, watch a movie without falling asleep, drink from a cup, express pain, he can cry and laugh ... He can say 'I love you mum'. I still cry every time I see my son, but they're tears of joy," his mother said.
Doctors expect to see continuing improvements in his recovery.
Ali Rezai, a neurosurgeon at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation, who led the team to place the electrodes, said: "When we first activated the pacemakers ... we looked at each other, the team humbled in many ways, but at the same time excited about the prospects and the potential of what can be done for these patients."
The team emphasise that the treatment might not work for all patients in a minimally conscious state. Estimates suggest up to 280,000 brain-damaged people may be in minimally conscious states in the US alone. Adrian Owen, who has studied patients in a vegetative state at the MRC cognition and brain sciences unit in Cambridge, said the case study was a "major step" toward treatment for others. "Clearly this suggests a possible treatment for some patients with MCS," he said.
As a conservative Republican representing the next generation of attitudes towards gays and lesbians, I encouraged the readers of FoxNews.com last January to take a careful look at the arguments and evidence in the Prop 8 trial, Perry v. Schwarzenegger.
The case was presented by a constitutional conservative, Ted Olson, who helped found the Federalist Society, successfully argued Bush v. Gore to the Supreme Court (among fifty-five other cases), and was George W. Bush's Solicitor General. Working with his Democratic legal partner David Boies, Olson sought to prove that marriage equality is a constitutional question, not a partisan issue.
The trial assembled a thorough record of evidence that Prop 8 unreasonably discriminates against gays and lesbians, relegating them to second-class citizenship. Their plaintiffs, Kristen Perry and Sandy Steir, Paul Katami and Jeff Zarrullo, are the face of the marriage equality movement. They wish to share in the myriad societal, economic and psychological benefits of marriage, which the Supreme Court has ruled is a fundamental right owed to all Americans. By denying them the right to marry because of their sexual orientation and gender, Olson and Boies argued that Prop 8 violates the Due Process and Equal Protection clauses of the 14th Amendment, and is unconstitutional.
Among the seventeen witnesses Olson and Boies called to the stand were experts in areas of psychology, political science, economics, socio medical sciences and history.
Economists testified to the economic harm caused to same-sex couples and their children; political scientists to their political vulnerability; sociologists and psychologists to the societal stigma associated with homosexuality; historians to the history of marriage shedding its discriminatory restrictions over time.
Other testimony included Ryan Kendal, a young gay man who failed a “conversion therapy” attempt to alter his sexuality from gay to straight and the Republican Mayor of San Diego, a former police chief, who testified that “if government tolerates discrimination against anyone for any reason, it becomes an excuse for the public to do exactly the same thing.”
Surprisingly, the defense's two lone witnesses also offered compelling reasons to favor of marriage equality. They testified that allowing homosexuals to marry would increase family stability and improve the lives of their children; that sexual orientation is unchangeable; that gays and lesbians have faced a long history of discrimination, including Prop 8.
Another defense witness' testimony had to be withdrawn as it proved the discriminatory nature of the Prop 8 campaign, which the Plaintiff's lawyers then submitted as evidence to embolden their case.
The trial testimony is available for the world to review at American Foundation for Equal Rights and demonstrates that the defense could muster no sound line of reasoning for the laws to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
Now, with a decision handed down that social conservatives despise, a judge whose sterling reputation as a conservative for twenty years on the federal bench is under attack.
On this page the day of the verdict, an article by a law professor from Notre Dame posited through conjecture that Judge Vaughn Walker's rumored homosexuality caused him to decide the trial before hearing it.
Other conservatives howl that one judge is unjustly invalidating the will of seven million Californians and that gay rights should come to the populace through the ballot box, not the courts.
We conservatives have a well-founded narrative about judges and the courts. It is true that the federal bench is populated with liberals who view their role not as interpreting the law as it is written, but as policymakers empowered to sculpt social outcomes with which they agree.
The irony of this case is that Judge Walker is not a liberal activist judge but one whose career has proven him to be a tempered judge, true to the Reagan-Bush conservative jurisprudence that he was nominated to represent on the bench.
Conservatives cannot deny that our Founders intended the judiciary as an equal and independent branch of government purposed to ensure the protection of every citizen's rights.
The Supreme Court has previously ruled that the right to marry is a fundamental constitutional right.
When an unpopular minority is denied the right to marry, it is indeed the role of the courts to protect the rights of that minority, especially when a majority would deny them. This is why Judge Walker's opinion reads, “That the majority of California voters supported Proposition 8 is irrelevant, as fundamental rights may not be submitted to [a] vote; they depend on the outcome of no elections.”
Not to mention that conservatives have a flawed history with civil rights, a trend that began when Barry Goldwater opposed the Civil Rights Act as unconstitutional. While Goldwater was no racist there is clearly a conservative precedent for a breakdown at the intersection of ideology and reality.
The aforementioned arguments against Judge Walker's Perry v. Schwarzenegger decision risk undermining legitimate conservative gripes about the judiciary and putting conservatism once again, on the wrong side of the latest chapter in American civil rights.
The potential consequence that conservatives lands on the wrong side of civil rights history again is the alienation of an entire generation of voters. With polling definitively indicating that Americans under age 30 overwhelmingly favor gay rights, with a majority supporting gay marriage according to the Pew Millennial Attitudes report published in February this year, there are multiple reasons for conservatives to think carefully before digging in their heels against gay marriage.
Margaret Hoover is a writer, conservative commentator and Fox News contributor.
Fox Forum is on Twitter. Follow us @fxnopinion.
At a recent estate sale on the south side of Chicago, Jeff Altman spotted a canister of film simply labeled "Chicago" and "Print 1." That tidbit of information was intriguing enough for Altman to drop $40 on the print.
Altman, who works in film post-production, took two weeks to inspect and fix minor issues before scanning and turning it into a digital video.
The result is this short film, a marvelous and thorough overview of 1940s Chicago, when the Wrigley and Tribune Towers were still considered modern landmarks.
In contrast to typical city promotional films, this video offers glimpses of downtown spots like Buckingham Fountain along with the city's manufacturing plants and meat-packing facilities. The footage also comes with all sorts of statistics and facts. For example, Michigan Boulevard (now Michigan Avenue) carried more than 55,000 automobiles on an average day.
Based on the credits, it appears the video was produced by the Chicago Board of Education, with an assist from United Airlines (for the aerial shots). The release date of the film has also been pinned to between 1945 and 1946. John Howatt, credited as the Business Manager of the Board in the video, was elected on January 8, 1945, and Johnnie Neblett, the narrator, died on September 15, 1946.
Every Friday on the blog, I answer a few burning sex questions submitted to me by actual college students. This week, we're talking about whether married couples have better sex than single people, whether the pull-out method of birth control actually works, and whether it's possible to change your sexual orientation if you don't like it.
Do studies show that people in committed relationships enjoy sex more or have better sex?
They most certainly do! Contrary to the popular stereotype of the “sexless marriage,” people who are married actually have sex much more often than their single counterparts [1]. In fact, this finding holds across people of all ages and genders. Thus, while television shows like Jersey Shore may give you the impression that singlehood is a non-stop sex romp, it actually isn't that way for most singles. In addition to having more sex, married people also report greater levels of sexual satisfaction, including more consistent orgasms [2]. Of course, keep in mind that we're talking about general trends here and there are always exceptions to the rule. Overall, however, married people tend to have the better sex lives.
Is there any research on the effectiveness of the pull-out method?
Yes, and you would be surprised at how effective this method (also known as “withdrawal” and “pull and pray”) can be when it is performed with perfect use. For couples who use the pull-out technique consistently and correctly every time they have sexual intercourse, it is 96% effective at preventing pregnancy [3]! This means that with perfect use, only 4 out of 100 women would become pregnant each year if they relied upon this method alone. However, perfect use is rarely achieved with any form of contraception. Thus, with typical use (i.e., when we account for human error), the effectiveness rate plummets to 73%. Even with typical use, the pull-out method is better than nothing, but it is far less effective than most other forms of birth control, including condoms, the pill, and diaphragms. Also, please keep in mind that withdrawal provides no protection against STDs, so it's not a particularly desirable option if you aren't the monogamous type.
Is it possible for someone to change their sexual orientation if they are unhappy with who they are?
It sounds like you're asking whether sexual orientation is a choice, and what I can tell you is that there is absolutely no scientific support for this idea. Most research on this topic suggests that sexuality is at least partially determined by our biology and that people generally do not have conscious control over who they are attracted to [4]. However, this hasn't stopped some people from trying to change their sexual orientation through a process known as reparative therapy. Most commonly, this involves attempting to convert one's sexuality from homosexual to heterosexual. There is no evidence that this “therapy” actually works and most research suggests that it is traumatizing to those who undergo it. You can read more about the pseudoscience some have offered as support for reparative therapy and the dangers associated with this practice by checking out this article.
For previous editions of Sex Question Friday, click here. To send in a question for a future edition, click here.
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
[1] National Survey of Sexual Health and Behavior (NSSHB). Findings from the National Survey of Sexual Health and Behavior, Centre for Sexual Health Promotion, Indiana University. Journal of Sexual Medicine, Vol. 7, Supplement 5.
[2] Laumann, E. O., Gagnon, J., Michael, R., & Michaels, S. (1994). The social organization of sexuality: Sexual practices in the United States. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
[3] Trussel, J. (2007). Contraceptive efficacy. In R. A. Hatcher, J. Trussell, A. L. Nelson, W. Cates, F. H. Stewart, & D. Kowal (Eds.) Contraceptive technology (19th ed.). New York, NY: Ardent.
[4] Dawood, K., Bailey, J. M., & Martin, N. G. (2009). Genetic and environmental influences on sexual orientation. In Y. Kim (Ed.), Handbook of Behavioral Genetics (pp. 269– 280). New York, NY: Springer.
Image Source: 123rf.com
Amazon Japan lists Miyazaki Hayao Kantoku Sakuhin-shū (The Collected Works of Director Hayao Miyazaki), a 13-disc Blu-ray Disc/DVD collection of Miyazaki's works. The June 18 listing includes the first home video release of Yuki no Taiyō , a television pilot film that was the first work that named Miyazaki as the director.
The main 11 discs have these feature films directed by Miyazaki:
Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro (1979, Miyazaki's first work in theaters)
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind (1984)
Laputa - Castle in the Sky (1986)
My Neighbor Totoro (1988)
Kiki's Delivery Service (1989)
Porco Rosso (1992)
Princess Mononoke (1997)
Spirited Away (2001)
Howl's Moving Castle (2004)
Ponyo (2008)
The Wind Rises (2013)
The first bonus extras disc includes Yuki no Taiyō (Yuki's Sun), the 1972 five-minute pilot film that Hayao Miyazaki storyboarded and directed entirely himself. He created this short for a proposed television series adaptation of Tetsuya Chiba's manga of the same name. The 76 theaters of Aeon Entertainment's chain screened this short with The Wind Rises from December 26 to January 13.
The first bonus extras disc are also listed with episodes 26, 27, and 41 from the 1972-1973 television anime Akado Suzunosuke. Miyazaki storyboarded these particular episodes. Another named bonus is "On Your Mark," the music video of a Chage and Aska song that became an "experimental film" shown in theaters with Whisper of the Heart. Miyazaki conceived, wrote, and directed this film.
The second bonus extras disc are listed with the complete, unedited 90-minute press conference in which Hayao Miyazaki discussed his retirement from feature films on September 6, 2013.
The Blu-ray Disc of Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro is a digital remastered one using the latest HD master.
Amazon lists standalone Blu-ray and DVD releases for The Wind Rises on June 18 and Spirited Away on July 18. Both films have Japanese/English/French/Korean/Chinese (Simplified/Traditional subtitles and Mandarin/Cantonese dubs) subtitles and dubs. The Wind Rises also has a Russian dub, while Spirited Away has German subtitles and dub as well as a Finnish dub.
Both The Wind Rises and Spirited Away also have storyboards that can be viewed alongside the film itself via a picture-in-picture mode, a dialogue recording script, and trailers. The Wind Rises adds the press conference on the completion of the film and the music video for "Hikōki-gumo."
Amazon lists the standalone Blu-ray release of Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro on August 6.
[Via Movie & Drama Memo, WTK, Eiga.com]
Update: The listings are back on Amazon.
After more than four years, the UFC returns to Austin on Saturday with UFC Fight Night 57 at the Frank Erwin Center.
The FOX Sports 1-televised event features a 12-bout lineup that's headlined by a hugely important featherweight matchup between top contenders Frankie Edgar (17-4-1 MMA, 11-4-1 UFC) and Cub Swanson (21-5 MMA, 6-1 UFC).
Edgar was most recently seen in the octagon over the summer, when he defeated B.J. Penn for the third time and sent him into retirement. The former lightweight champion is still fairly new to the division, but he believes a win puts him in solid position for a title shot.
Swanson, on the other hand, is riding a six-fight UFC winning streak and is on the cusp of a title shot of his own. He's already defeated some of the division's top contenders, but a win over a former titleholder in Edgar would significantly strengthen his resume.
The main event isn't all the card has to offer, though. The card features several relevant matchups between ranked fighters. To dig into the numbers behind them all, here are 65 pre-fight facts about UFC Fight Night 57.
Main event
Edgar's average fight time of 17:50 is the second longest in UFC history behind featherweight champion Jose Aldo (21:00). His total fight of 4:45:25 during his career ranks fourth in UFC history behind Georges St-Pierre (5:28:12), Penn (5:18:07) and Tito Ortiz (5:00:53).
Edgar is 2-1 since dropping to the featherweight division in February 2013. He defeated Penn and Charles Oliveira while suffering a loss to Aldo.
Edgar has completed 49 takedowns in his UFC career, the fourth most among active UFC fighters and tied for the 10th most in company history.
Edgar is the only fighter in UFC/WEC history to take down Aldo more than once in a fight.
Edgar has landed 998 significant strikes during his UFC career, the third most of any fighter in company history behind St-Pierre (1,254) and Michael Bisping (1,095).
Edgar's significant strike defense rate of 71.7 percent during his UFC career is the fourth best among active UFC fighters behind John Makdessi (75.5 percent), Chad Mendes (71.9 percent) and Ryan Bader (71.7 percent).
Edgar is one of two fighters in UFC history to defeat a single opponent on three separate occasions inside the octagon. He did so against Penn. Ortiz, who defeated Ken Shamrock three times, is the other.
Edgar is the only fighter in UFC history to suffer three knockdowns in a single round and not lose the fight. The feat occurred in his UFC 125 draw with Gray Maynard.
Swanson will compete in his 16th UFC/WEC featherweight bout, the most 145-pound appearances in the combined history of the weight class.
Swanson's six-fight UFC winning streak is the second longest active one in the featherweight division behind Aldo (seven).
Swanson's 11 career victories in UFC/WEC featherweight competition are tied with Mendes for second most in combined divisional history behind Aldo (15).
Swanson's six stoppage victories in UFC/WEC featherweight competition are the third most in the combined history of the weight class behind Aldo (nine) and Urijah Faber (seven). His four finishes under the UFC banner alone are tied for the second most in divisional history behind Dustin Poirier (five).
Swanson's four knockout victories in UFC featherweight competition are tied with Mendes for the most in divisional history. They're also tied with Mendes for the second most in UFC/WEC featherweight history behind Aldo (nine).
Swanson has completed 56.3 percent of his takedown attempts in UFC/WEC featherweight competition, the second most in the combined history of the weight class behind Hatsu Hioki.
Swanson is 8-1 in UFC/WEC competition when he lands at least one takedown.
Swanson has been awarded seven fight-night bonuses in his UFC/WEC career, tied for the most of any featherweight in the combined history of the weight class behind Faber (seven).
Swanson's only losses since 2004 have come to former UFC/WEC champions or title challengers (Ricardo Lamas, Mendes, Aldo and Jens Pulver).
Co-main event
Bobby Green (23-5 MMA, 4-0 UFC) enters the event on a career-high eight-fight winning streak. He has not suffered a defeat since July 2011.
Green has earned all four of his UFC victories by a different method (split decision, unanimous decision, TKO, submission).
Green's submission of Jacob Volkmann at the 4:25 mark of Round 3 at UFC 156 stands as the third latest submission in UFC lightweight history.
Edson Barboza's (14-2 MMA, 8-2 UFC) four knockout victories in UFC lightweight competition are tied for the fourth most in divisional history behind Melvin Guillard (seven), Penn (six) and Yves Edwards (five).
Barboza's eight knockdowns landed in UFC lightweight competition are tied for the second most in divisional history behind Guillard (13).
Barboza has earned four knockouts stemming from kicks in UFC competition, the most finishes stemming from a kick technique in UFC history.
Barboza is the only fighter in UFC history to earn knockout finishes stemming from head kick, body kick and leg kick strikes.
Barboza is the only fighter in UFC history to earn two knockout victories stemming from leg kicks. He used the technique to stop Rafaello Oliveira at UFC 162 and Mike Lullo at UFC 123.
Barboza has landed 34.4 percent of his 348 significant strikes to his opponents' legs, the largest proportion of leg strikes among active UFC lightweights.
Barboza has defended 83.8 percent of all takedown attempts in UFC lightweight competition, the sixth highest defense rate in divisional history.
Remaining main card
Brad Pickett (24-9 MMA, 4-4 UFC) is 1-1 since he dropped to the UFC flyweight division in March.
Pickett has registered victories at flyweight, bantamweight, featherweight and lightweight during his 10-year MMA career.
Pickett tallied 22 takedowns during his UFC/WEC bantamweight career, the fifth most in divisional history. His 10 takedowns landed against Demetrious Johnson at WEC 48 are tied for UFC/WEC's single-fight bantamweight record.
Pickett has earned a fight-night bonus in five of his seven UFC appearances for a total of $270,000 in extra pay.
Pickett's five fight-night bonuses are the most in UFC history for any fighter competing at featherweight, bantamweight or flyweight.
Chico Camus (14-5 MMA, 3-2 UFC) drops to the UFC flyweight division after spending his first five fights with the organization at bantamweight.
Camus has earned his past six victories by decision. That includes all three of his wins under the UFC banner.
Jared Rosholt's (11-1 MMA, 3-0 UFC) three-fight UFC winning streak is tied for fourth longest one in the heavyweight division behind Fabricio Werdum (five), Andrei Arlovski (five) and Cain Velasquez (four).
Rosholt has earned all three of his UFC victories by decision.
Rosholt is a member of one of 15 pairs of siblings to have competed under the UFC banner. His brother, Jake, is a three-fight veteran of the organization.
Alexey Oleinik (49-9-1 MMA, 1-0 UFC) has earned his past 11 victories by stoppage. He has earned seven of those finishes in the first round.
Oleinik has earned 40 of his 49 professional victories by submission. He has earned 35 of those finishes in the first round.
Joseph Benavidez (20-4 MMA, 7-2 UFC) competes in his eighth UFC flyweight bout and will tie champion Johnson for the most appearances in divisional history.
Benavidez's five victories in UFC flyweight competition are tied with John Lineker for the second most in divisional history behind Johnson (seven).
Benavidez's four finishes in UFC flyweight competition are tied with Lineker for the most in divisional history.
Benavidez's three knockout victories in UFC flyweight competition are tied with John Dodson for the second most in divisional history behind Lineker (four).
Benavidez is one of four fighters in UFC history to earn two knockout victories stemming from body strikes. Rich Franklin, Guillard and Lineker are the others. He is the only fighter to ever accomplish the feat in back-to-back fights.
Benavidez attempts 11.5 significant strikes per minute of fighting, the second highest output among UFC flyweights behind Lineker (14.7).
Benavidez has been awarded two fight-night bonuses in his UFC flyweight career, tied for the second most of any fighter in divisional history behind Johnson (four).
Dustin Ortiz's (14-3 MMA, 3-1 UFC) two-fight UFC winning streak is tied with five other fighters for the second longest active streak in the flyweight division behind Johnson (seven).
Ortiz's past three UFC fights have ended in a split decision. He is 2-1 in those contests.
Ortiz has completed at least two takedowns against all four of his UFC opponents.
Matt Wiman (15-7 MMA, 9-5 UFC) returns to the UFC for the first time since a January 2013 knockout loss to T.J. Grant. His 665-day layoff is the longest of his pro career. He has not earned a victory since September 2012.
Wiman has committed to 18 submission attempts in UFC lightweight competition, the fourth most among active fighters in the weight class.
Isaac Vallie-Flagg (14-5-1 MMA, 1-2 UFC) enters the event on the first two-fight losing streak of his career. He has not earned a victory since February 2013.
Vallie-Flagg has earned his past three victories by split decision. He has not earned a stoppage since April 2011.
Vallie-Flagg and Takenori Gomi combined for 237 significant strikes at UFC 172, the fourth most ever landed in a UFC lightweight fight.
Preliminary card
Roger Narvaez (6-1 MMA, 0-1 UFC) drops to the UFC middleweight division after Patrick Cummins defeated him in a light heavyweight bout at UFC Fight Night 42.
James Vick (6-0 MMA, 2-0 UFC), who stands 6-3, is the tallest lightweight on the UFC roster.
Vick‘s 58-second submission win over Ramsey Nijem is the third fastest in history for a debuting UFC lightweight. Diego Ferreira‘s 38-second tapout of Colton Smith at UFC Fight Night 44 leads the category.
Yves Edwards (42-21-1 MMA, 10-9 UFC) competes in his 20th UFC lightweight bout and will tie Guillard for the second most appearances in divisional history behind Gleison Tibau (22).
Edwards, 38, is the oldest of the 24 fighters scheduled to compete at the event.
Edwards enters the event on a four-fight winless streak. He has not earned a UFC victory since December 2012. He has just two victories in his past eight fights overall.
Edwards has suffered 21 career losses, the most of any active fighter on the UFC roster.
Edwards' eight knockdowns landed in UFC lightweight competition are tied for the second most in divisional history behind Guillard (13).
Edwards' five knockout victories in UFC lightweight competition are the third most in divisional history behind Guillard (seven) and Penn (six).
Edwards is just one of seven fighters in UFC history to earn two or more knockout victories stemming from a kick to the head. He accomplished the feat against Rafaello Oliveira at UFC on VERSUS 6 and Josh Thomson at UFC 49.
Akbarh Arreola (22-8-1 MMA, 0-1 UFC) has earned 21 of his 22 career victories by stoppage. He has earned 18 of those finishes in the first round.
Paige VanZant (3-1 MMA, 0-0 UFC), 20, is the youngest of the 24 fighters scheduled to compete at the event.
Doo Ho Choi (11-1 MMA, 0-0 UFC) has earned eight of his 11 pro wins, including his past five victories, by knockout.
For more on UFC Fight Night 57, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
FightMetric research analyst and live statistics producer Michael Carroll contributed to this story. Follow him on Twitter @MJCflipdascript.
By Robert Hall
BBC News
Conditions at the front were horrendous for troops
Inside the dugout
I last visited this farm a year ago - on that occasion soggy from recent rain and swept by chilly easterly winds. Across that landscape a small survey team were mapping what lay below, using ground-penetrating radar.
Ninety years after Flanders was torn apart by war, most of the battlefield has now disappeared. Yet, beneath the soil hidden reminders lie undisturbed.
Daily life under fire forced the warring armies to seek safety underground; hundreds of shelters and headquarters were constructed in this sector alone.
The archaeologists have spent years searching for one such example - the Vampire Dugout - from where a Brigadier General and his staff planned for attacks that so often proved futile, and costly.
Remarkable condition
The team have used every technique available to them - from radar, to dowsing, from spades to excavators. Finally, it was local information that led to a crucial discovery.
The army tunnellers who spent three months digging the shelter did so using a 40-foot deep shaft. Today it's open once more. Now British experts, with their Belgian counterparts, are preparing to enter the tunnel complex.
I've never seen anything like this. This shaft was constructed more than 90 years ago, and you wouldn't know it
Peter Barton
"I've never seen anything like this. This shaft was constructed more than 90 years ago, and you wouldn't know it. We now know that the tunnels are lined with steel, and have survived intact."
Buckets of silt are still being winched to the surface yielding the first evidence of those who worked and slept here; a shiny clip of British rifle ammunition, a water container, machine parts, even a brass safety pin.
Far more lies beyond, but there are hazards to be overcome. Outside the tent, at a safe distance, a pile of rusting unexploded shells awaits disposal.
In the tunnels where pumps once ran night and day, thousands of gallons of water have accumulated, a lake that needs to be dry before the real archaeology can begin.
The team describe it as like exploring an under sea wreck without the diving suits. Their work, deep below the old trench lines has barely begun.
JAKARTA: Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDI-P) chair Megawati Soekarnoputri held a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing on Thursday.
Megawati said as quoted by Antara news agency that her meeting with Xi was part of efforts to improve relations between the two countries.
'We spoke about how to set up a firm basis for the comprehensive strategic partnership that has been agreed by the two countries and to define more concrete steps that could benefit both parties,' Megawati said after the meeting.
Indonesia and China, she said, could develop cooperation in several areas, especially in the maritime sector.
'China has the 21st Century Maritime Silk Route project, and we have the maritime axis project. This is a very good opportunity for Indonesia to develop by considering opportunities that fit our needs,' the former president said.
She added that in the event that China agreed to expand its role in Indonesia, it would focus on the eastern part of the country.
'We want this cooperation to also be able to help promote the eastern Indonesian region,' she said.
Before meeting Xi, Megawati held a series of meetings with senior figures in the Chinese Communist Party as well as speaking in a panel titled 'Political Leadership: New Consensus for Politics Party'
at the forum of the International Conference of Asian Political Parties (ICAPP).
Critics say Bush is rushing through unpopular last-minute reforms The Bush administration has made it easier for drilling, mining and major construction projects to go ahead without a full scientific assessment. Revised rules mean agencies will no longer have to consult scientists about whether projects, such as the building of dams or mines, would harm wildlife. Environmentalists say the changes could take away protection for animals and plants facing possible extinction. Democratic President-elect Barack Obama has vowed to reverse the new rules. Modifications to the Endangered Species Act (ESA) are expected to come into effect in about 30 days. Republican supporters of the changes, along with developers and some federal agencies, argue the current system of environmental reviews causes delays to projects, pushing up costs. Critics of President George W Bush say his administration is trying to rush through unpopular reforms during his last days in office, and correspondents say environmental groups are likely to challenge the changes in the courts. Common sense? The changes proposed by the Bush administration would let federal agencies make decisions on planned projects without a full scientific assessment as to their likely impact on the environment. Under current rules, the impact of such projects must be assessed by experts. The Endangered Species Act is not the right tool to set climate change policy
Dirk Kempthorne
Secretary of the Interior The US interior department said the "common sense modifications" were a "narrow update of existing regulations" prompted by concerns the ESA would become a "backdoor for setting climate change policy". "The rule strengthens the regulations so the government can focus on protecting endangered species as it strives to rebuild the American economy," said Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne. "The Endangered Species Act is not the right tool to set climate change policy." The White House has previously denied the late spate of rule changes is politically motivated. Mike Daulton, a director of the National Audubon Society, an environmental group, urged Mr Obama and Congress to reverse the "destructive changes". "The swan song of this administration is par for the course - special treatment for special interests at the expense of sound science and conservation." Endangered list Senior Democrats have questioned the "one-minute-to-midnight" rules which, if in place before Mr Bush leaves the White House, would be harder for Mr Obama to repeal when he takes office on 20 January 2009. Mr Obama's chief of transition, John Podesta, has said the incoming president would review the last-minute actions, and seek to repeal those that are "not in the interests of the country". Mr Bush has already been criticised by environmentalists for adding fewer than 10 species of plant and animals a year to the endangered list. That contrasts with former President Bill Clinton, who added an average of 65 species a year.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A young man's dream of space exploration is that much closer to reality when he graduates from college this spring. But that's not even the most amazing part of his story. When he graduates this May, he'll be just 19-years-old. That's right, when most students are either just starting or completing their freshman year, 19-year-old Ronald McCullough will be a college graduate.
Atlanta Patch reports:
McCullough, whose genius-level intelligence allowed him to skip second grade altogether, was 15 when he finished high school and just 16 when he arrived at CAU. He will graduate from college with honors with a B.A. in biology before resuming his career later in the fall when he enrolls in the biological/agricultural engineering program at North Carolina A&T.
“I would not consider myself a genius,” McCullough said in a statement released by the school. “I was placed in a setting for my love of learning to manifest. Much was expected of me and there was little room for disappointment.”
McCullough, whose mother graduated from the former Clark College, thrived in his college environment, despite being at least two years younger than most of his classmates.
He was one of nearly 200 students who are members of the Isabella T. Jenkins Honors and Scholars Program at CAU that was led by Dr. Teri Platt. The program seeks to provide students with the ultimate learning experience while enrolled at CAU. Some of its goals are to nurture and foster intellectual independence and encourage the pursuit of academic excellence, according to the school.
“Ronald embodies the best and the brightest we have here at CAU,” Platt said in a statement. “He definitely represents black excellence and its many manifestations. Not only is he brilliant, he has unimpeachable character. He has contagious drive and ambition, but remains grounded.”
McCullough quickly became a hot commodity among post-graduate engineering programs seeking to recruit him, including N.C. A&T and University of Hawaii.
“I just wake up in the morning and do the right thing,” he said when asked how he has been so successful at such a young age. “Just by doing what I believe is the right thing for my future, I've been rewarded greatly.”
PHOTO: Clark Atlanta University
Like BlackAmericaWeb.com on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
Also On Black America Web:
Dick Cheney Reveals He Kept A Secret Resignation Letter
toggle caption Tom Pennington/Getty Images
You'll be hearing a lot about former Vice President Dick Cheney in the next couple of weeks. His memoir, In My Time, hits stores Aug. 29. And on that same day, NBC News will air an exclusive interview with Cheney during "Dateline," and another one during "Today" on Aug. 30.
Today, NBC news released snippets of Jamie Gangel's interview with Cheney. Among the highlights are that Cheney had a signed resignation letter in a safe at all times.
"I did it because I was concerned that - for a couple of reasons," he said. "One was my own health situation. The possibility that I might have a heart attack or a stroke that would be incapacitating. And, there is no mechanism for getting rid of a Vice President who can't function."
Also in the interview, the vice president takes on the issue of enhanced interrogation, including waterboarding, head on. Here's their exchange:
THE DUMBEST STORY OF THE WEEK…. The Weekly Standard‘s Michael Goldfarb “reported” Tuesday that the White House is playing hardball with Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) on health care. Citing an anonymous “Senate aide,” Goldfarb, a former blogger for the McCain/Palin campaign, said the Obama team “is now threatening to put Nebraska's Offutt Air Force Base on the BRAC list if Nelson doesn't fall into line.”
Now, after watching this White House operate for 11 months, this certainly doesn't sound like the kind of thing the Obama team would do. Have we seen any evidence of these kinds of strong-arm tactics this year? Goldfarb noted that Offutt “is the headquarters for US Strategic Command, the successor to Strategic Air Command,” and was placed in Nebraska for strategic, national security reasons. Obama would threaten to close it over a cloture vote? Without some credible evidence, it's the kind of dubious story from an unreliable writer that few serious people would find credible.
In case anyone was inclined to believe the suspect claim, Nelson's spokesperson told reporters, “The rumor is not true. This misinformation is coming from inside-the-Beltway partisans who only want to derail health care reform.” Soon after, White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer added, “To be perfectly clear: these rumors are completely baseless and false.”
So, that's it, right? Time to move on? Fat chance.
Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh, Michelle Malkin, and a variety of right-wing personalities quickly started spreading the rumor around. On his Fox News show yesterday, Glenn Beck not only suggested the rumor is true, but equated the non-existent threat with “treason” — three times.
But wait, it gets dumber. Much dumber.
Nebraska's Sen. Mike Johanns and 19 other Republican senators Wednesday called for a hearing into reports that the Obama administration used the future of Offutt Air Force Base as bargaining chip in the health care debate. Sen. Ben Nelson, D-Neb., has said the rumors are completely false. The White House has called them “absurd.” A defense analyst said Wednesday that base closures simply don't work that way. Even Johanns himself said he doesn't believe the rumors.
Then why on earth should the Senate Armed Forces Committee hold a hearing to explore a baseless right-wing rumor, unsupported by even the slightest evidence? Why would 20 Republican senators — half of the entire Senate GOP caucus — be so recklessly foolish? Because hyping lies may pay political dividends, and that's all that matters.
Helping demonstrates the absurdities of conservative thinking, the GOP senators and Goldfarb are now arguing that if the uncorroborated rumor isn't true, the White House shouldn't mind a federal investigation into the matter. (The Senate Armed Forces Committee, apparently, should operate as a fact-checker for right-wing blogs.) Goldfarb argued yesterday that the unequivocal denials of the rumor make him more inclined to believe its accuracy.
Just think, if Republicans take back Congress, far-right bloggers will publish nonsense on a Monday, and congressional committees will spend the rest of the week investigating the nonsense. It will be the mid-90s all over again.
CHARLOTTE, NC (WBTV) - Residents in a Charlotte neighborhood say they are fed up with a neighbor they say stands at the front door of his home naked, but police say he's not doing anything illegal.
People in the Cardinal Glen neighborhood in north Charlotte say the man has been doing this for nearly ten years and on Friday, they called police again.
“I was out rolling the trash can on Friday and I just happened to look over there and he was standing there buck naked,” neighbor Pecolia Threatt said.
Neighbors say the man just stands there naked at his door several times a week. They're disgusted and fed up.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
“Because my daughter grew up in this neighborhood. Even this week, when she was home from spring break, she would call me at work and say 'Mom, I'm getting ready to go outside, but let me check if he's out there first'. That's how bad it is in the neighborhood,” another neighbor Adrienna Harris said.
Harris says she's called police numerous times over the last ten years to complain, but nothing has been done.
A spokeswoman for the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department confirms that officers were called to the home on Friday.
"Since it is not a criminal incident, it was documented in the 'call for service' but there is no report," the spokeswoman told WBTV.
She added that officers confirmed with the magistrate that the incident did not rise to a level of a charge, since the man was on his own property.
According to North Carolina law, a person can only be charged with indecent exposure if they "willfully expose the private parts of his or her person in any public place and in the presence of any other person or persons."
WEB EXTRA: Read the full NC law here
Parents told WBTV they are worried. They want to come together to help change that law to protect their children.
This week, neighbors were able to capture pictures and video of the man standing at his door. They are hoping with these images the Homeowners Association can file some type of nuisance complaint.
Copyright 2015 WBTV. All rights reserved.
Honolulu is no longer requiring medical marijuana cardholders to surrender their firearms because of their medicinal status.
The Honolulu Police Department issued a notice Tuesday saying it will back off the unprecedented policy, but will continue to deny new permits to current cannabis users, according to The Honolulu Star-Advertiser.
Police Chief Susan Ballard said law enforcement wants to take their time in developing a policy that best serves the people of the community and will be returning firearms to two residents who voluntarily surrendered them, The Honolulu Star-Advertiser reported.
“This is a new area of concern for cities across the country, and we in Honolulu want to develop a policy that's legally sound and serves our community,” Ballard said in a press release .”Formulating the policy will take time, but we want to do it right.”
Last month Ballard wrote a letter telling residents they had 30 days to turn over all guns and ammunition to authorities if they used medical marijuana. Marijuana is still classified as a Schedule I drug on par with heroin and ecstasy, and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) said it will make no firearm exceptions for cannabis users.
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments in September 2016 against laws prohibiting marijuana patients from owning a gun. The court ruled in favor of the state and said the measure doesn't violate the 2nd amendment.
You can Follow Nick on Twitter and Facebook
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Over half of all police killings in 2015 were wrongly classified as not having been the result of interactions with officers, a new Harvard study based on Guardian data has found.
The finding is just the latest to show government databases seriously undercounting the number of people killed by police.
“Right now the data quality is bad and unacceptable,” said lead researcher Justin Feldman. “To effectively address the problem of law enforcement-related deaths, the public needs better data about who is being killed, where, and under what circumstances.”
Young black men again faced the highest rate of US police killings in 2016 Read more
Feldman used data from the Guardian's 2015 investigation into police killings, The Counted, and compared it with data from the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS). That dataset, which is kept by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), was found to have misclassified 55.2% of all police killings, with the errors occurring disproportionately in low-income jurisdictions.
“As with any public health outcome or exposure, the only way to understand the magnitude of the problem, and whether it is getting better or worse, requires that data be uniformly, validly, and reliably obtained throughout the US,” said Nancy Krieger, professor of social epidemiology at Harvard's Chan School of Public Health and senior author of the study. “Our results show our country is falling short of accurately monitoring deaths due to law enforcement and work is needed to remedy this problem.”
NVSS data has been collected since the late 1800s and today is responsible for, among other things, aggregating all annual US deaths. In 1949, the report added a category to capture “legal intervention” as a cause of death along with classifications like cancer, heart disease and accidents. Typically these determinations are made by local medical examiners and coroners, reported on death certificates, and submitted to the CDC.
To assess how accurately that classification was being used, the team took the 1,146 police-related deaths recorded by The Counted in 2015, removed 60 cases that did not fit the criteria of the CDC's “legal intervention” category and requested death certificate data for the remaining 1,086 individuals. They found that a majority, 599 deaths, were classified as resulting from something other than legal intervention – principally “assault”.
Researchers found the accuracy varied wildly by state, with just 17.6% misclassification in Washington, but a startling 100% in Oklahoma.
“[Oklahoma] had more than 30 people were killed by police there in 2015 and none of them were counted on death certificates,” Feldman said.
According to the report, there were 36 cases of “legal intervention” captured in the NVSS which were not included in The Counted.
“We hope that this paper is a call to action to improve public health reporting, whether that's following a method like the Guardian did by integrating media sources better, or by changing the policy around requiring clinicians [medical examiners and coroners] to report these deaths,” Feldman said.
Feldman also noted that this problem was law-enforcement specific. “Evidence suggests that the accuracy of mortality classification for homicide – an outcome similar to law-enforcement-related mortality … is very high”, the report reads. One 2014 study cited puts the figure at 99%.
Inside The Counted: how Guardian US has tracked police killings nationwide Read more
In 2015 the Guardian launched The Counted, an interactive, crowdsourced database attempting to track police killings throughout the US. The project was intended to help remedy the lack of reliable data on police killings, a lack that became especially visible after the 2014 unrest in Ferguson put policing in the national spotlight.
Other federal databases, including the Bureau of Justice Statistics' (BJS) arrest-related death count and the FBI's supplementary homicide reports were similarly criticised for severely undercounting police-related deaths. Both programs have been dramatically reworked since The Counted and similar media/open source databases forced officials such as the former FBI director James Comey to admit that newspapers had more accurate data than the government on police violence.
Do you suffer from period pain? A new study has found that chamomile extract can be just as effective as mefenamic acid when it comes to relieving pain and regulating emotions.
A period is a natural and normal bodily function and should not cause pain however more than 83% of women report some kind of discomfort while on their periods including both physical and emotional upset.
Pre-menstrual syndrome (PMS) is usually a result of some kind of imbalance in the body whether it be nutritional, physical or emotional.
A study from the Complimentary Therapies in Clinical Practice Journal aimed to compare the effects of the popular anti-inflammatory medication, mefenamic acid, found commonly in drugs like ibuprofen with chamomile extract for relieving PMS.
90 female students aged 18-35 were used in the study and were divided into two groups. One group received 100mg of chamomile extract and the other group received 250mg of mefenamic acid, three times daily on day 21 of their cycle until the next menstruation period (roughly 7 days).
The researchers then evaluated both their physical and psychological symptoms and found that those on the Chamomile extract had a significant reduction in emotional symptoms and pain.
The women were instructed to continue taking their prescribed pills for two cycles and by the end of the study the researches concluded that chamomile extract was more effective than mefenamic acid for regulating emotions and was just as effective as the mefenamic acid in treating pain.
“Consumption of chamomile seems to be more effective than mefenamic acid in relieving the intensity of PMS associated symptomatic psychological pains,” said the study. “Chamomile acts similar to MA in relieving physical symptoms.”
While the reason for chamomiles effectiveness has not been proven, researchers suggest that the anti-anxiety effect of the herb could help to calm the nervous system and therefore reduce PMS.
The father of a slain Muslim war hero gave what was likely the most impactful speech of the Democratic National Convention Thursday night—except you wouldn't know it if you were watching Fox News, because the networks apparently declined to show it.
Khizr Khan, whose son was a U.S. Army captain killed in Iraq, was one of the last speakers before Hillary Clinton's DNC-ending keynote. He spoke American liberty, loyalty, and how his son had dreams just anyone else. His most heralded moment though came when he questioned if Donald Trump had even read the United States Constitution and offered a copy of his own. (We wrote about Mr. Khan back in December of 2015 and also before Thursday's speech.)
The dad of fallen Muslim war hero had an emotional message for Donald Trump tonight. https://t.co/PgjmteLoZipic.twitter.com/AmpsE1xmH6 — Vocativ (@vocativ) July 29, 2016
The crowd inside Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center gave Khan a standing ovation and his speech was instantly lauded by those watching at home. His name skyrocketed to Twitter's trending list almost immediately. But, Fox News viewers noticed that the network cut away from the speech switching back to commentary.
Fox News wasn't that interested in Khizr Khan's speech. pic.twitter.com/raF2RQVy0j — John Whitehouse (@existentialfish) July 29, 2016
Networks cut in and out of the (numerous) speeches that come before the heavy hitters all the time. MSNBC, startlingly, went to commercial instead of airing the speech of young actress Chloe Moretz. But for many, the irony of the conservative network skipping out on a moving—and difficult to spin—speech from the father of a war hero was not lost. Andrew Sullivan, writing for New York Magazine, summed it up like this: “Just an FYI: Fox News cut away from the father of the fallen Muslim soldier. Of course they did.”
AP Photo/The Lowell Sun & Robin Young, File Law enforcement officials have told ABC News that "mounting" forensic evidence from an unsolved triple homicide ties Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to the crime.
Cell phone records also place the brothers in the area of the murders on the date they were committed.
On Sept. 11, 2011, three men were found in a residence with their throats slit and their bodies covered in marijuana.
Tamerlan described one of the murder victims, 25-year-old Brendan Mess, as his best friend. He and Mess were once roommates and boxed together. The two others who died were 31-year-old Erik Weissman and 37-year-old Raphael Teken, both of Cambridge.
After the killings, Middlesex District Attorney Gerard Leone released a statement saying "based on the present state of the investigation, it is believed that the victims knew the assailant or assailants, and the attacks were not random."
No one was ever arrested in connection to the murders.
The brothers are suspected of planting bombs at the Boston marathon in an attack that killed three people and injured more than 200 others. Authorities say Dzhokhar admitted to the bombing. Tamerlan, 26, died in a police shootout days after the attack.
Officials told ABC News that it's too early to bring an indictment against Dzhokhar. They are waiting on more definitive DNA testing.
Dzhokhar, 19, has been charged with one count of using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction and one count of malicious destruction of property with an explosive device in connecting with the Boston bombings.
Tamerlan's body has been buried at a Muslim site in Virginia.
Twitter is refusing to link users to Kickass.to, the second largest torrent index on the Internet. People who attempt to access the site through Twitter get a warning that the site may be unsafe and potentially harmful. Questions to Twitter about the reason for this unusual blockade remain unanswered.
With millions of unique visitors per day KickassTorrents is one of the most used torrent sites, trailing only behind The Pirate Bay.
The site indexes millions of torrents, some of which are then shared through Facebook, Twitter and other social media. For example, author Alex Sayf Cummings posted a link to a torrent of his book Music Piracy And The Remaking Of American Copyright in a tweet recently.
Cummings was obviously inviting people to grab a free copy from the site, but Twitter is not making that easy. Those who click on the link in question are presented with an ominous warning.
“The site you were trying to visit may be unsafe! This link has been flagged as potentially harmful.”
In the grey-on-black fine print in the bottom right corner, Twitter points out that people can proceed to the site at their own risk, but not everybody may be that gutsy.
The big question of course is why Twitter classified KickassTorrents as an unsafe website. TF contacted the company for an explanation, but 24 hours later we have yet to hear back.
On its website Twitter claims to use Google's safe browsing diagnostic tool, but the Kickass.to domain is not blocked here. Perhaps even stranger, KickassTorrent's old domain Kat.ph gets the same blocking treatment.
It appears that Twitter has decided on its own that the torrent site is a no-go zone for users. This is an option, as the site explains in one of its help sections.
“Even if Google's diagnostic report of the URL is clean, we may decide to continue blocking the URL on Twitter as potentially harmful,” Twitter notes.
Whether the fact that KickassTorrent's links to a lot of copyright infringing content has anything to do with the blockade is unknown. Previously Facebook restricted access to The Pirate Bay for the same reason, but this decision was reversed after a few months.
Thus far, Kickass.to appears to be the only large torrent site that's blocked by Twitter, but perhaps it's just the start?
Update 26 February: Twitter has unblocked Kickass.to links
Photo: Michael Theis
Prosper Utseya won't be able to bowl in international cricket until he rectifies his action © AFP
Zimbabwe offspinner Prosper Utseya has been banned from bowling in international cricket after his action was found to exceed the ICC's 15-degree limit. Utseya was tested at an accredited facility in Cardiff and all of his deliveries were deemed illegal.
Utseya must now undergo remedial work on his action and apply for retesting. A Zimbabwe Cricket release said they were looking for "relevant technical expertise to work with Utseya to modify his action in the shortest possible time, after which an application will be made to the ICC for his re-assessment."
Utseya can resume bowling in international cricket only after remedied action is cleared, but can play at domestic level at the Zimbabwe Cricket's discretion.
Utseya was reported by the ICC's match officials following the third ODI against South Africa in Bulawayo in August. The ICC umpires have been strict with identifying illegal actions in recent months and bans have been handed out to Pakistan's Saeed Ajmal and Sri Lanka's Sachithra Senanayake among others, after both were found guilty of breaking the 15-degree flex rule.
A similar drive was undertaken in the recent Champions League T20, during which West Indies spinner Sunil Narine was banned from bowling in the final and other BCCI-organised tournaments like the IPL.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Imagine if Australia's treasurer Chris Bowen stood up on budget night and announced that the government was planning to send $1,000 cheques to everyone named Matt. No one else, just the Matts. I think this would be a bold, sensible piece of public policy, but the rest of the country might feel differently.
What if Bowen announced that instead of a cheque, all the Matts in the country would get a tax deduction that was worth an average of $1,000? The public would be just as angry, and I'd be just as fulsome in my praise for the far-sighted initiative.
Whether the $1,000 bonus was delivered as a cheque or a tax deduction, the effect would be much the same. The public purse would be worse off, and everyone named Matt would be better off. For this reason, it makes sense to consider tax concessions alongside direct spending when you're thinking about how government shapes the economy. Special arrangements in the tax code are so similar to direct spending that economists call them "tax expenditures" – they amount to spending through the tax code.
We do a lot of spending through the tax code. Treasury estimates that all the concessions and deductions in the tax system are worth $115 billion this year, around 7.5% of GDP. Many of these tax expenditures exist for worthy reasons, like the income tax deduction for donations to charities. But much of the spending through the tax code is poorly designed – it distorts the economy and increases inequality.
Think about what would happen if the budget included a tax exemption for everyone who drives a red sports car. All of a sudden, people who otherwise might have bought a sensible hatchback would be shopping for mid-life crisis mobiles, just to get the tax concession. The manufacturers and retailers of other types of cars would suffer, while those in the red convertible business would experience a windfall gain. A tax concession like this distorts people's behaviour, which in turn tends to make the overall economy smaller than it otherwise would've been.
Plus, people who can afford red sports cars are likely to be richer, on average, than the rest of the population. This means a tax expenditure directed towards red convertibles would involve the government effectively transferring money from poor to rich. Everyone else would have to pay higher taxes, or enjoy a lower quality of public services, to subsidise the convertibles of the upper classes.
While we don't have much middle-class welfare in Australia in the form of direct payments to people, tax expenditures are another story. None of them are quite as egregious as a subsidy for red sports cars, but a few don't fall far short of that mark. The tax concessions for superannuation contributions come to mind.
If you earn $40,000 a year, you pay 20.5 cents in tax on the last dollar you earn (including the Medicare levy). If that dollar goes into your superannuation fund instead, you pay 15c. This means you receive a tax concession of 5.5 percentage points. A typical full-time worker on $60,000 a year gets a concession of 19 percentage points, while a high income earner gets a whopping 31.5 points.
This isn't middle-class welfare, it's upper-class welfare.
The concession on super contributions cost the budget around $13bn this financial year. Nearly a third of the concession goes to the top 10% of income earners – the top 1% gets over 5% of the tax expenditure on super contributions. The concession distorts behaviour and increases inequality, just as a deduction for red convertibles would do.
I think it's perfectly defensible to tax super contributions at a lower rate than ordinary income. But it's hard to understand the logic of a system that taxes your normal income in a progressive way, so the richest pay more, while taxing super at a flat rate. The Henry tax review agreed, recommending that high-income earners should pay a higher tax rate on their contributions, leaving the tax concession distributed more evenly.
The government has taken two steps in this direction, by refunding the tax paid on super by low-income earners, and announcing plans to reduce the concession for people who earn over $300,000 a year. But Tony Abbott has pledged to scrap the refund for low-income earners, while the concession reduction for the richest hasn't yet been legislated.
If politicians want to tackle "the age of entitlement", they should start with regressive tax expenditures. Paring back the worst excesses in the tax code could reduce the deficit, improve inequality, and make the tax system more efficient. Yet whenever talk turns to trimming tax concessions, commentators cry "class war". It's enough to make a cynic suspect that all the criticism of "middle-class welfare" is just hollow rhetoric designed to mask an assault on social security for the poor.
Anyone truly concerned about needless spending on middle and upper-income households needs to take a hard look at spending through the tax code. If you don't think this form of spending is important, I'll happily take a $1,000 tax offset for Matts.
This month, a debate has raged in left-wing circles over whether Senate Democrats are letting President Trump's Russia scandals distract them and the resistance from attacking Republicans' health care bill.
It turns out that Senate Democrats tweeted about health care twice as frequently as they have about Russia scandals over the course of the past week, according to a new analysis of Senate Democrats' Twitter feeds, provided to Vox by the Progressive Coders Network's Matthew Borg.
Still, the numbers don't exactly suggest Democrats have exhausted their capacity to call attention to the dangers of Republicans' health care bill. From Friday, June 9, until Friday, June 16, Senate Democrats sent out around 1,670 tweets over their social media platforms. Of those, 324 tweets — or about 19 percent — have been about the Senate Republican health care bill, the analysis shows. In other words, less than a quarter of tweets sent by these lawmakers are about what some argue is the biggest potential change in their constituents' lives. (An additional analysis by Borg that included retweets and quote tweets puts the number higher, at about 28 percent.)
Here are two charts by Vox's Alvin Chang of the Twitter profiles for each Democratic Senator:
It's worth noting that Senate Democrats were often tweeting about Wednesday's shooting at a Congressional baseball game, which sent Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) to the hospital. This analysis also did not include any “replies” Senate Democrats tweeted out from their accounts.
Should Democrats be talking about Trumpcare more?
Left-wing activists have grown alarmed that the public and media are not paying nearly enough attention to the secret Republican health care bill being drafted by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Some Senate Democrats are also frustrated. Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) retorted at a press conference that he'll now answer reporters' questions about Russia by first talking about health care.
Unsurprisingly, some of the Senate Democrats who have tweeted most about Trump's Russia scandals are on the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russian interference in the election. Sens. Martin Heinrich, Dianne Feinstein, and Kamala Harris — all members of the committee — have each tweeted more about Russia than they have about health care, according to the Progressive Coders Network's statistics. Then again, Wyden is also on the Intelligence Committee, and he has tweeted about Trumpcare more than he has about Russia.
Polling suggests that while voters are concerned about the firing of FBI Director James Comey and the Trump campaign's ties to Russia, the health care bill may be a greater political vulnerability for the GOP. A Quinnipiac poll at the end of May found that just 20 percent of the country approves of the bill, and 60 percent opposes it. Less than half the country is very concerned with the idea that Trump's campaign had inappropriate contacts with the Russians, though 68 percent are “moderately concerned” by the charge.
A word on the methodology: A tweet was counted as being about health care if it contained any of the following words: AHCA, Trumpcare, health, care, healthcare, drug, medication, prescription, Obamacare, premium, deductible, CBO. A tweet was counted as being about the Russia scandal if it contained any of the following words: Russia, Comey, Sessions, Mueller, FBI, Flynn, “obstruction of justice,” collusion, Putin, Kremlin. Of course, this analysis doesn't include other potentially significant metrics, like the number of times a Democratic senator mentioned AHCA to the press or held a press conference to denounce it.
You can see the numbers in full for yourself at this link. An additional analysis, which includes retweets and quote tweets and a few additional keywords, can be found here at this link.
