I've been using PowerShell for about 10 years now. Some might think that 10 years makes me an expert. I know that it really means I have more opportunities to learn. One thing that has occurred to me in the last 4 or 5 months is that I've been missing the point with PowerShell error handling.
PowerShell Error Handling 101
First, PowerShell has tried/catch/finally, like most imperative languages have in the last 15 years or so. At first glance, there's not much to see. I usually give an example that looks something like this:
try { #do something here $x=1/0 write-verbose 'it worked' } catch { $err=$_ write-verbose "An error happened : $err" } finally { write-verbose 'Time to clean up' }
Running that script with $VerbosePreference set to Continue would output
VERBOSE: An error happened : Attempted to divide by zero.
VERBOSE: Time to clean up
At this point in the explanation, most people with a development background of any kind is likely nodding their head.
And now for something completely different
The next example shows that all is not as expected:
try { $results=get-wmiobject -class Win32_ComputerSystem -computername Localhost,NOSUCHCOMPUTER } catch { $err=$_ write-verbose "An error happened : $err" }
Most people are surprised to see red error text on the screen and the nice message nowhere to be found.
Anyone with much experience with PowerShell knows that some (most?) PowerShell cmdlets output error records (not exceptions) in some cases, and that try/catch doesn't “catch” these error records. In PowerShell parlance, exceptions are terminating errors, and error records are non-terminating errors.
My explanation for the why the PowerShell team created non-terminating errors is this:
Imagine you managed a farm of 1000 computers. What would be the odds of all 1000 of them responding correctly to a get-wmiobject call? If anyone in the class optimistically says anything other than “slim to none”, up the number to 10,000 and repeat.
With standard “programming semantics” (i.e. exceptions, terminating errors), a call to 1000 computers which failed on any of them would immediately throw an exception and leave the try block. At that point, all positive results are lost.
As a datacenter manager, is that how you want your automation engine to work? I don't think so.
With non-terminating errors, the correct results are returned from the cmdlet and error records are output to the error stream. The error stream can be inspected to see what went wrong, and you still get the output.
Where I missed the point
What I've been teaching (and I'm not alone) is that the solution is to use the -ErrorAction common parameter to cause the non-terminating error to be a terminating error. That means that we can use try/catch, but it also means that we need to introduce a loop.
Adding the try/catch and -ErrorAction, it looks something like this:
$results=$() foreach($comp in $computers){ try { $results+=get-wmiobject -class Win32_ComputerSystem -computername $comp -ErrorAction Stop catch{ $err=$_ write-verbose "Something went wrong with $comp : $err" } }
Before saying anything else, let me say this…it works.
Unfortunately, it misses the point.
An aside
If you ever find yourself writing code that sidesteps something that the PowerShell team put in place, you should take a step back and see if you're doing the right thing. The PowerShell team is really, really smart, so if you're working around them, you probably missed the point (like I did).
Why this is missing the point
One thing that people often miss about PowerShell cmdlets is how often they let you pass lists as arguments. The -ComputerName parameter is one such place. By passing a list of computers to Get-WMIObject, you let PowerShell execute the command against all of those computers “at the same time”. There is overhead, and it's not multi-threaded, but since most of the work is being done on other machines, you really do get a huge performance increase. It might take five times longer to hit 100 machines than a single machine, but it won't be anything like 100 times slower.
By introducing a loop, we've guaranteed that the time it takes will be at least 100 times as long, because each cmdlet execution is being done in sequence. Using an array (or list) as the argument would allow most of the work to be done more or less in parallel.
That's not to mention the fact that now we've taken on the responsibility of adding the individual results into a collection. Not a big deal, but anywhere you write more code is a place to have more bugs.
So what's the right way to do this?
In my opinion, a much better way to do this kind of activity would be to continue to pass the list, but use the -ErrorAction and -ErrorVariable parameters in conjunction to get the best of both worlds. It would look something like this:
try { $results=get-wmiobject -class Win32_ComputerSystem -computername $computers -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue -ErrorVariable Problems catch{ $err=$_ write-verbose "Something went wrong : $err" } foreach($errorRecord in $Problems){ write-verbose "An error occurred here : $errorRecord" }
With this construction, we're only calling get-wmiobject once, so we get the speed of parallel execution. By using -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue, we won't have any error records (non-terminating errors) written to the error stream. That means, no red text in our output. By the way, SilentlyContinue will write the error records to the $Error automatic variable. If you don't want that, you can use -ErrorAction Ignore instead.
The “key” to making this technique work is -ErrorVariable Problems. This collects all of the non-terminating errors output by the command, and puts them in the variable $Problems (remember to leave the $ off when using -ErrorVariable). Since I have those in a variable, I can loop through them after I get the results and do whatever I need to with them.
Finally (no pun intended), I put the cmdlet call in a try/catch in case it throws an exception (for instance, out of memory).
So, to summarize, I get the speed of only calling the cmdlet once, and I also get to do something with the errors on an individual basis.
I'm sure someone in the community is teaching this pattern, but I don't remember seeing it.
What do you think?
–Mike
Why WMI instead of CIM?
I use Get-WMIObject (even though WMI cmldets are deprecated) for a couple of reasons. First, my work environment doesn't have WinRM enabled on our laptops by default. I teach error handling before remoting, so at this point using CIM cmdlets with -ComputerName causes errors that are even harder to explain. Also, my first memorable exposure to non-terminating errors was with WMI cmdlets.
One unfortunate problem with using WMI cmdlets is that the error records that it emits do not contain the offending computername. I filed an issue in the appropriate place, but was told that it was too late for WMI cmdlets. Once the general principle of non-terminating errors is understood, substituting CIM cmdlets is an easy sell. Also, it's a good reason for people to make the switch.
Second baseman Brian Roberts, who played all but one season of his 14-year major league career with the Baltimore Orioles, confirmed Friday that he is retiring.
Brian Roberts never played a postseason game in his 14-year career, most of which was spent as a second baseman for the Orioles. G Fiume/Getty Images
"It was just kind of my time," Roberts told the Baltimore Sun. "There were numerous reasons that I felt like I couldn't play at a level that I was accustomed to and wanted to play at if I continued to play. I always said that I wasn't going to be the guy that tried to hang on as long as I could."
Roberts signed with the New York Yankees in 2014, but was released in August after hitting .237 in 91 games. He told the Sun that several teams had expressed interest in signing him, but he decided against a deal.
He ends his career with a .276 average, 97 home runs and 542 RBIs.
Baltimore's supplemental first-round pick in 1999 was among the players listed in the 2007 Mitchell report, with Roberts later saying he tried steroids only once, in 2003.
A two-time All-Star, Roberts said he did not speak with the Orioles about an extension after the 2013 season.
"I took, at the time, the best offer I had," Roberts told the Sun. "Do I wish in some ways that I had spent every day with the Orioles? Sure, that was a dream of mine for a long time. I don't think I ever shied away from making that pretty clear. It will always be the organization I feel like is home for me."
By Sweeny Murti
This is a stressful time for Mike Mussina. And it actually has nothing to do with the Baseball Hall of Fame.
In fact, when I ask him about the vote this week he confesses that he didn't even know when it was being announced.
“I know it's this month, that's all I know,” Mussina said.
As head basketball coach at Montoursville High School in Pennsylvania, the 270-game winner has more anxiety about his team's 2-5 start than seeing if he will move closer to the 75 percent balloting mark needed for election to Cooperstown. Mussina saw a significant gain a year ago when he garnered 43 percent and has momentum that could get him there in the next couple years.
The numbers stack up pretty well for Mussina. No, he didn't reach 300 wins and he didn't win Cy Young Awards, but he finished his career with a .638 winning percentage over 18 major league seasons with the Orioles and Yankees.
And the advanced numbers make him stand out as well.
Mussina's 82.7 WAR (baseball-reference) is 24th all-time for pitchers. Of the 23 ahead of him, only Roger Clemens is not in the Hall yet. And he, of course, would be if not for his performance-enhancing drug connections.
With an ERA-plus of 123, Mussina ranks higher than Don Drysdale, Warren Spahn, Steve Carlton, and several other Hall of Famers.
That 2-5 record, though. That's the number nagging Mussina, now in his fourth year as the varsity boys coach at his alma mater. He said the team has given him a few more grays this last month and recounted off the top of his head that his Warriors have lost five games by a total of 23 points, including two in overtime.
“We're like three minutes of composure, of maturity, of patience from being 7-0,” Mussina said. “And we're not, we're 2-5. We haven't had many breaks go our way, but that's the way it works. It's sports.”
Mussina's son, Brycen, is a senior on the team. Besides coaching him in basketball, the five-time All-Star and seven-time Gold Glove winner spent the entire fall worrying about where his son will go to college next year.
“So, to ask me if I'm worried about what's going on in the Hall of Fame vote, no … because that's not the most important thing to me right now,” Mussina said.
That's not to say Mussina takes the matter lightly or wouldn't consider it an incredible honor to be elected. He just doesn't live in the baseball world anymore. In fact, he doesn't live anywhere near it, as he moved back to his rural Pennsylvania home after his final season in 2008 and has made only a handful of appearances at big league games since. He follows Brycen, 18, and his youngest son, Peyton, who turns 14 next week, through the school year from month to month and sport to sport. Before you know it, it's January again and someone like me brings up the Hall of Fame question.
“I had a good vote last year and hopefully that trend will continue that the vote will still be favorable for me and we'll see what happens this month,” Mussina said.
He has been on the ballot for only four years now. He still has six more years until he reaches the limit, so there are no pressing feelings about getting in, yet.
“I haven't been a Hall of Famer till now and if I'm not a Hall of Famer this year nothing's really changed except that maybe I'll get a little closer to being in, possibly,” Mussina said.
During his first three years on the ballot, five starting pitchers — Tom Glavine, Greg Maddux, John Smoltz, Randy Johnson, and Pedro Martinez — were elected in front of him. Glavine, Maddux, and Johnson all reached 300 wins, while Smoltz and Martinez collected World Series rings and Cy Young Awards.
The crowded ballot now eased of elite starting pitchers, Mussina's candidacy can come into a bit more focus.
“I feel extremely fortunate,” Mussina said. “I pitched in an era where there were a lot of good pitchers who lasted a long time. Not just good pitchers for eight or 10 years, these guys were good pitchers for 18 or 20 years. And I feel fortunate that I was able to play with them and compete with them and have the success — or near the success — they had.”
The changing role of the starting pitcher could make 300 wins a near impossible feat in the future. There are only two active pitchers with over 200 wins — Bartolo Colon with 233 and CC Sabathia with 223. Justin Verlander (173), Zack Greinke (155), and Felix Hernandez (154) are all over 30 years of age. And there are only three pitchers under 30 with more than 100 wins –Clayton Kershaw (126), Rick Porcello (107), and Madison Bumgarner (100).
“I got to win 270 games and I felt tremendously fortunate to be able to do that,” Mussina said. “I don't know when the next 270-game winner is going to be. It's not easy.”
Starting pitchers throw harder than ever, harder than Mussina ever did for sure. They also throw fewer innings and rely more on relief pitchers. That evolution, Mussina believes, has devalued the win to a degree, but shouldn't devalue a career's worth.
“These guys today are unbelievable athletes with unbelievable arms, but it's different now,” Mussina said. “If you're only going to pitch five or six innings as a starter you're going to lose opportunities to win games. So maybe wins aren't as valuable on a night-by-night, game-by-game basis. But there's just something to be said for someone that got to go out there for 16 or 18 or 20 years and won the team 15 games a year for all that time.”
I needed my calculator to confirm what Mussina likely already knew — 270 wins divided by 18 years equals exactly 15 wins per year.
Not having any Cy Young Awards, World Series rings, or no-hitters has held back his candidacy too, but Mussina believes — correctly — that those are things that are largely out of his individual control. He came close many times. He was one Mariano Rivera save from a ring in 2001, and one strike away from a perfect game that same year, broken up by Boston's Carl Everett at Fenway Park.
Mussina used to joke that the title of his autobiography would be “Almost.” When I remind him of that, he chuckled, but made it clear that he didn't leave behind any regrets.
“I would never want to say I wish I would have gotten that perfect game, but then I only pitched 11 seasons,” Mussina said. “To play for 18 years and win 270 games is much more satisfying as I sit here at 48 years old. I would never have traded what I was able to do for one of those things to take away the ‘almost' part. There's a lot of stuff I did accomplish that was more than ‘almost.' There just happen to be a handful of things that I didn't quite get to do and that's okay. You can't have everything.”
That's a nice round number that he keeps bringing up, 270. Mussina checked off one “almost” when he finally won 20 games in is last season to get there. He knew his luck of being injury-free could run out sooner or later, so there was no need to continue and pad the win total that might have made him an automatic choice.
His is an unusual case for election because he didn't hit magic numbers or pile up hardware for the mantle. But on its total value his career stands pretty tall, and as Mussina puts it, “If you're going to sit around and wait for the guy to win 300 or win three Cy Young Awards or whatever formula you use, you may not put in very many starting pitchers ever again.”
After 30 minutes on the phone, Mussina admitted some of his stress had been alleviated because on New Year's Eve Brycen, who was named to the All-State football team in Pennsylvania, received an offer to play quarterback next fall at Lafayette for its new head coach, John Garrett, whose brother, Jason, is the head coach of the Dallas Cowboys. Mussina and his family will be able to drive to nearly every one of Brycen's Patriot League games for the next four years.
Of course, there are more gray hairs coming as he continues coaching basketball with Peyton on his way to high school next year. And Mussina also helps coach the Montoursville baseball team.
I finally told him that the voting will be announced Jan. 18 and he made a mental note of it. Before I hung up, I said “Good luck.”
And he probably thought I was talking about his 2-5 basketball team, not the Hall of Fame.
Follow Sweeny on Twitter at @YankeesWFAN
Emmanuel Adebayor: The Togo striker is hoping to make his loan move from Manchester City to Spurs permanent
Emmanuel Adebayor has revealed he wants to make his loan move from Manchester City to Tottenham permanent.
The former Arsenal forward moved to White Hart Lane on a season-long loan deal over the summer after being frozen out at Manchester City.
He has scored five goals so far this season, including both in Tottenham's win over Aston Villa on Monday night.
That win was Spurs' seventh victory from their past eight games, firing them up to third in the Premier League table, and Adebayor has indicated he would like to make a permanent move to Harry Redknapp's men.
"It's always special to have a manager like this and I've got my confidence back and my life back," he told the London Evening Standard.
"I came here to help the team and get into the top four and I think I'm doing it quite well at the moment.
Belief
"Everyone had a huge belief in me before coming here so I have to give them that back. At the end of the season, we'll see what happens.
"I'll leave it to Harry Redknapp, [Spurs chairman] Daniel Levy and [City chairman] Khaldoon Al Mubarak to find a solution among themselves."
One sticking point to a deal could be Adebayor's £170,000 a week wages. With Tottenham's wage structure reportedly limiting players to £70,000 a week, City are understood to be paying the remaining £100,000 under the terms of the loan deal.
Therefore the Togo striker would have to take a significant pay cut - or Spurs would have to smash their wage structure - for a deal to be done.
However, Adebayor insists that he is not there just for the money and revealed that much of what he does earn goes towards community projects back in his native Togo.
"We all play football to gain money, too, especially as I'm from Africa and I have to give something back to my community. I've been doing a lot of charity work, I'm taking my own wages to do it and I will continue to do that until the end of my career," he added.
"Fans don't like players who are lazy or look like they are only here for the money. They want players who work for the team, which is what I'm showing at the moment, so that's why they love me and I'm very glad."
The Irish Times have bought at auction the 1916 medal of a former employee, Edward Laurence Keegan, who was dismissed from his job in 1916 after participating in the Easter Rising.
Keegan, who worked as a clerk in the advertising department, was also a member of the Irish Volunteers.
On Easter Monday 1916, he was shot in the lung while fighting with the South Dublin Union Garrison, under the command of Éamonn Ceannt. He was a member of the 4th Battalion of the Dublin Brigade.
Unionist slant
He remained in hospital until August of that year, recovering from his injuries. A century ago The Irish Times largely reflected a unionist perspective, and Keegan was dismissed from employment.
His medal was unveiled at an event in The Irish Times yesterday alongside the launch of Was It For This?, edited by Ronan McGreevy, a collection of articles on the Rising largely sourced from the newspaper's archives.
Keegan was also a part-time actor, who had performed at the Abbey. WB Yeats, in whose plays he had acted, offered him a full-time acting role at the Abbey, but Keegan refused it.
According to the academic and literary critic Declan Kiberd, a great-nephew of Keegan, his great-uncle turned down the Abbey job because he considered The Irish Times offered him a more secure future.
In 1941, Keegan was posthumously awarded the Casualty Medal, given by the government to those who had fought during the Rising.
Keegan was born in Dublin in 1879 and died in 1938. His funeral Mass was celebrated by Fr Aloysius Travers, who administered the Last Rites to both Patrick Pearse and James Connolly.
The medal was accepted on his behalf by his wife, Emily.
In January, Keegan's medal surfaced at an auction in New York. It was being offered by Spink auction house, which specialises in medals, with a guide price of $3,000-$4,000.
After consultation with family members, The Irish Times bought the medal, and it was duly returned to Ireland.
On view
Edward Laurence Keegan is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery. The medal is now on view in the foyer of The Irish Times offices.
Speaking at its unveiling and the launch of Was It For This?, Kevin O'Sullivan, the editor of The Irish Times, remarked upon “the incontrovertible evidence of The Irish Times' role as the home for challenging viewpoints and analysis, consistently over 100 years since 1916 – including the airing of views confronting It's not altogether happy role in those immediate events surrounding the Rising”.
He said this did not constitute a “legacy of evasiveness” as had been suggested in some social media circles recently.
“We became the cauldron of conflicted narratives throughout the 100 years of our State's history.”
‘Difficult issues'
Minister for Arts Heather Humphreys also attended the launch. She said the book was a valuable contribution to the commemorations addressing some of the “most sensitive and difficult issues” of the past century.
Irish Times journalist Ronan McGreevy said: “There is no book like this out there. The other books are about what happened in the Easter Rising but this is about what it means.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiEdH4Gjjio&feature=youtu.be
Written and filmed by Andrew Cullen
Photos by Jessica Christian
Stand at the end of Fourteenth Street in West Oakland. This neighborhood has seen the worst of Bay Area gentrification, and its reflection is in the glass that covers the sidewalks, flowing down into gutters, stretching into the distance. It sticks to the walls of buildings and the fronts of homes, where everything as tall as the average person is covered with decades of graffiti frescoes.
A leather recliner, like the one your grandfather used to sit in, is now tipped over on to the asphalt, lacerated from end to end, hemorrhaging foam into the storm drain.
There are no people here. There are signs of their presence, though there are merely only clues as to where they may have gone, yet the only sound is the static of the constant humming vibration of traffic from the overpass overhead.
Track homes are huddled, wall-to-wall, all the way down the street, only broken by a chain link fence surrounding a dirt lot where one of those houses burned to ground so many years ago.
But this lot is not vacant.
Tucked behind the trees lies a treasure. Shrouded in shrubbery sits a shack, only slightly smaller than a garden shed, fitted with a loft, a fire burning stove, a desk and an old grand piano.
Built from the ground up, Matt Christensen gathered as many materials as he could from the local dump, where he worked, and eventually piled up enough to begin building himself a home.
“I moved back here, and pitched a tent, and started collecting materials,” he says. “I worked in the dump at the time, so it was pretty easy to get building materials.”
Construction of the shack is an ongoing project, and now that Jake Wobig, Matt's husband, moved in, the project is beginning to expand. They hope that soon, they will be able to install solar panels for electricity and piping for running water.
The San Francisco Bay Area is undergoing rapid changes in the wake of what some are calling the second “dot-com” boom. The rise of tech companies and their mass exodus from Silicon Valley to San Francisco is propelling the Northern California economy in ways that are only comparable to New York City at the dawn of the industrial age.
Of course, our golden city is less than fifty square miles, so when we see a great influx of residents, we also see the San Franciscan middle class begin to dwindle. While the lower class, is literally being pressure washed off of the sidewalks, and pushed back into the shadows to paint a picturesque portrait for app developers, and startup entrepreneurs.
For many, surviving in the Bay Area means resulting to drastic measures. Jake and Matt have found a way to dodge the fist of gentrification by building their home from what others saw as trash, in a vacant lot in West Oakland.
Historically, San Francisco has served as Mecca for a collection of people from no where. San Francisco is built to sustain the lonely; packed to the brim with dark alley pubs, SROs and one-bedroom apartments.
And yet, for those who fall on the ends of humanity's bell curve; those who cannot be so tightly fit into society's little box of “normal,” San Francisco shines as a beacon of hope in the fog, a city wise beyond its years, nurturing the broken and the lost.
San Francisco is of course famous for being one of the most important LGBTQ rights hubs, and because of that, the city's widespread greeting arms attract many young LGBTQ kids who have been shunned out of their homes in middle America.
Unfortunately, San Francisco isn't the place it used to be, and many LGBTQ kids who make the pilgrimage here in the hopes of finding a LGBTQ community with open doors wind up with a reality check that knocks them into homelessness, addiction, or sexually transmitted disease.
According to the San Francisco Department of Human Services, as many as twenty-nine percent of San Francisco's entire homeless population is LGBTQ.
Before meeting Matt and moving into their cozy West Oakland shack, Jake's life almost became one for the statisticians.
“High School wasn't the greatest,” Jake says, sitting in the office of the French café he now helps manage. “It made me like, mentally fucking crazy.”
He is not alone, but often living as a gay man in Idaho, it felt that way. He remembered the feeling he had when Idaho lawmakers pushed for a bill that would legally protect police officers, firefighters, doctors, teachers, and nurses from providing any service to gay men and women, based on their religious beliefs. “Shit like that” he says, “it impacted me a lot.”
“I was more than out,” Jake says, reminiscent of his younger years. “I showed no fucking mercy. The hatred people would show towards me would just fuel me.”
His memories of his adolescence are ones that one may hear echoed on the nightly news. He remembered being bullied, “getting called names, getting shoved around” for the clothes he wore.
Jake always chose to bite back. “I would just make it even more extreme,” he says. “In ninth grade it got to the point where I would just wear full on drag makeup. I would do it on the bus. I had this scarf that I would pull out and pull down as a skirt. I would always just piss people off.”
“I was just an obnoxious, in-your-face kid; I hated everything around me,” he says. “It was always just one extreme after another. I'm a lot more mellow now though.”
It was after high school, when he got a solid friend base, that things weren't as bad, he says. “But Idaho still just drove me insane. I couldn't stand it there.”
After high school, Jake got a job as a custodian in a hospital kitchen. “It seriously sucked,” he said. “I was living paycheck to paycheck, in a city I grew up in my entire life, for the most part, that I really hated.”
With that thought in his head and three hundred dollars in his pocket, Jake hopped on a Greyhound bus, and headed west. “I decided there was nothing really to lose if I left,” he said. “And I have not gone back.”
After bouncing around with a few friends in Portland, Jake grabbed the last twenty dollars he had to his name and jumped another bus to San Francisco.
He came to San Francisco with no place to stay, no job and no flowers in his hair; yet he fought to make it work. He had one friend in the city who let him stay at her Inner Richmond house, but it was not a free ride.
“I had to find a way to come up with three-hundred and fifty bucks and find a job for an apartment,” Jake says. “It was all stressful for a minute, but I met some people, and did some porn to get by.”
San Francisco is one of the few cities in which a young man can “get by,” legally, using only sex. Later that year, Jake appeared in a “sex theatre” performance at the Folsom Street Fair, where Cum & Glitter hosted a fetish themed play.
“I happened to be in the incest act, where I had an older brother,” he said. Later, the director of the show gave Jake a room in his apartment in the Richmond District. “Porn and sex work pays a lot of money and thats how I was able to pull that off,” Jake said.
Shortly after moving in with his new roommate, Jake was finally introduced to someone who would make his stay in San Francisco more permanent.
Matthew Espinosa met Jake at Jake's Richmond apartment and based on nothing but “faith and trust” offered Jake a job at an unsuspecting establishment: a coffee shop.
According to Jake, Espinosa's boss even told him “it's your ass if it doesn't work out”.
“That was great,” Jake says. “I felt really grateful for that.” Without Espinosa's generosity, things could be very different for Jake in San Francisco. Unfortunately Espinosa moved to Southern California shortly after, where he committed suicide in February.
A mutual friend from Jake's time in Portland suggested that he and Matt Christensen meet, since they both lived in the Bay Area.
They did, and after a short time, they moved in together; into Matt's shack in West Oakland.
Although their humble abode is expanding, there is still no certainty of how long the honeymoon will last. According to Matt, the rightful owners of the lot have a defunct address and a disconnected phone, making their return unlikely, but in the realm of possibility.
“I started looking into the legal parts of it, and how we would eventually be able to claim it,” Matt said. “I looked into how adverse possession works, and It's basically just a fancy word for squatters rights.”
The shack is built primarily from wood collected from Matt's old job at the dump. The only portion of the house that was purchased, was some roof insulation and a ceiling pipe for the chimney they have connected to a small iron fireplace in their living room, which all together cost them about three hundred dollars.
Neither Matt, nor Jake knew anything about architecture or carpentry before building the shack, but rented books from the local library to teach themselves.
In the future, they hope to expand the compound by adding a second shack, and a compost outhouse, which “sounds gross, but is actually great for gardening,” according to Matt.
In their front yard, they have two planter boxes which they have grown edible vegetables in, alongside a synthetic beehive. “It'd be nice to have something other than microwave pizza… not that microwave pizza is bad.” Matt said.
They have dabbled with the idea of installing solar panels to generate electricity, but are weary because they are both away from home most of the day, and fear that they may get stolen.
The house itself is built around Matt's old grand piano, which he claims was “actually built into the plan.”
Matt collected as many items from the dump as he found interesting and brought them home. If the boys did not find a use for it, it usually was simply nailed to the wall and used for decoration. The house is littered with family pictures from people they have never met, fragments of the past lives of those who never were.
The “off-the-grid” nature of their cottage may seem extreme, or weird, but it is exactly that weirdness that makes it their home.
Now, stand back at the end of 14th Street. Look past the flowing stream of broken windshields and see through the dull vibration of broken dreams. Imagine the times when one could see children sliding in the park, throwing footballs in the street, and families having barbecues on their driveways. Imagine a time when the homes on the street bore no graffiti on their walls and when a kid could lay on the grass and imagine pictures in the clouds.
Do your best to see this while you can, because soon enough, even the shadows of neighborhoods like this will soon be bought out and replaced with parking spaces, and temp positions and the quintessential Bay Area feeling may be gone.
So, whether you are here to stay, or just passing through, look closely at the faces of the destitute begging for change, listen hard to the bus drivers who carry a bus packed with broken hymns, and as you walk through the streets remember to breathe it in, let it become part of you. Remember each star in the sky, hanging heavy above us all and know that although like the stars, we may seem to drift through the darkness alone, we all still have a home.
Raised cycle tracks and wide sidewalks are on the drawing board for the Perimeter Center stretch of Hammond Drive in a draft plan commissioned by Dunwoody and Sandy Springs and unveiled at the March 15 Sandy Springs City Council meeting.
Sandy Springs officials also tipped their hand to a renewed push for some kind of mass transit running along Hammond, saying they don't want the bike and pedestrian plan to preclude it.
A year ago, the two cities commissioned Gresham, Smith and Partners to create a bicycle and pedestrian improvement plan for Hammond Drive between Sandy Springs' Glenridge Drive and Dunwoody's Ashford-Dunwoody Road. Jay Bockish of GSP went over the draft plans, which vary according to Hammond's changing width, but mostly feature distinct bike and walking areas except for a stretch of multi-use path. “So each of the modes has their separate area,” Bockish said.
The plan will be tweaked following a community open house scheduled for April 21 at Dunwoody City Hall. Even then, said Sandy Springs transportation manager Brad Edwards, “It is a living document. We expect it to change.”
The goal of the plan is to guide future road work and local redevelopments—and specifically to get developers to pay for building the features. The design was made within the existing right of way, in part to keep it feasible for developers and in part because some sections are limited by the Ga. 400 overpass and the Dunwoody MARTA Station bridge.
Sandy Springs Mayor Rusty Paul and Councilman Gabriel Sterling wanted assurances that the plan wouldn't conflict with possible mass transit on Hammond. That idea dates back a decade and was recently revived in Sandy Springs' “Next Ten” zoning and land-use revision process.
In addition, Sandy Springs is awaiting grant funding for another Hammond study—one looking at widening the two-lane stretch between Roswell Road and Glenridge Drive. Sterling noted that in earlier widening plans there, “we've got enough right of way to put in light rail or bus rapid transit.” He said he didn't want to affect “future transit possibilities” on Hammond.
“The goal of whatever we do should [be to] connect to the Dunwoody MARTA Station,” Mayor Paul said.
Sandy Springs Public Works Director Garrin Coleman said that staff will want “symbiosis between the two plans” for the different sections of Hammond. But Edwards said that “if we want to do something above and beyond, if we want to do MARTA,” that will mean acquiring additional right of way in Perimeter Center.
A comprehensive look at alternative transportation options for Perimeter Center is the subject of yet another mutual study coming soon, teaming Brookhaven, Dunwoody, Sandy Springs and the Perimeter Center Improvement Districts. The PCIDs also partnered on the Hammond Drive bike/pedestrian plan.
Since the creation of the iPhone, developers have been clamoring to put their games and applications on the app store. With the evolution of iOS, Android, and — to some extent — the Windows phone, the mobile game marketplace has grown to become an incredibly lucrative market, with games like Flappy Bird and Subway Surfers making thousands of dollars every day. A common issue that fledgling mobile developers struggle with is how to monetize their games in a way that would be valuable for the developer, but not annoying or intrusive to the users.
So, let's talk about the different methods of monetizing, and some strategies for getting paid without driving people away.
Pay Once
Pay-once games are the traditional way of making money. You create a finished product, you charge $5 for someone to buy the finished product. No more interruptions beyond that, besides a DLC pack or two. This is the main way PC and console games make their money, and for those platforms, it works very well.
The decision to run with a pay-once structure depends highly on the type of game you are releasing. Complete finished experiences such as Monument Valley thrive on the pay-once structure, plus a couple of additional DLC packs. Monument valley works because it is a full experience that has a beginning and, more importantly, an ending.
If your game has an ending, the pay-once structure is a good choice.
One thing to consider, however, is that games with endings are far less popular in a mobile marketplace. Recently, Google rearranged the Play Store to reflect current gaming trends. The order used to go Top Paid > Top Free > Top Grossing > Trending. Now, the order is Top Free > Top Grossing > Trending > Top Paid.
Ads
Here's how ads work:
App developer puts ad on game. Developer gets paid based on how many people see the ad, and how many people click the ad.
Many developers believe that slapping a banner ad on top of the gameplay is a good idea. I sure did for my first game. “It's out of the way, so people won't even notice it, but if they accidentally click it, I'll get a little bit of money,” I thought.
This is a bad, bad, bad, bad idea.
If you are going to put ads in your game, you need to be thoughtful about their placement. On a website, ads can simply be scrolled past, unless the site uses those awful ones that pop up in front of the content and have to be dismissed. On an app, however, the ads are as intrusive as the developer wants them to be. If ads are used incorrectly, many people will uninstall your game right there and never look back.
One game that is very highly looked upon in the mobile market is Crossy Road. This simple Frogger-like endless runner game is a great example of ads done right. For those who haven't played, the game is known for its wide variety of animals and characters you can unlock and play as. Unlocking the characters is simple — you spend coins on a lottery, and are given a random character. Every day you play the game, coins are given to you as a gift, and oftentimes they will be enough coins to play the lottery. If you're a few coins shy of reaching the 100 coins required, the game will give you the option of watching an ad to give you more coins.
This is a great idea for two reasons.
First, The player is asked first, and then rewarded for watching an ad. Asking the player first makes the ads completely non-intrusive. The player can essentially never have to watch an ad if they don't want to. However, giving the player incentive to watch the ad will make them more likely to opt-in.
Second, video ads are by far the most lucrative ads for app developers. When choosing an ad, you are presented with three options — banner, page, and video. A banner ad is the tiny ad that appears on the edge of the screen. These pay the least, and are usually not worth your time. Page ads take up the entire page. These are far more intrusive than banner ads, but pay more as well. These ads are good if you don't want to subject the player to a full 30 second ad each time, and can be dismissed immediately. Video ads take the entire screen for a period of time, and pay the most.
When considering putting ads in your game, make sure the placement makes sense, and never ever blocks the gameplay.
In-App Purchases
These are the true money-makers, but they are also considered a taboo in the gaming community. In-App-Purchases, also known as microtransactions, are small purchases the user can make while playing.
In-App-Purchases are most commonly used in two ways:
1 – speeding up progress / Improving gameplay
Many games you see on the top-grossing section of the app store use this method of monetization. In-App-Purchases are used as psychological tools to get the player to spend more money. This is done by having two currencies in your game — a minor currency, and a premium currency. The minor currency is given to the player often for free. However, this currency can only buy the most basic of things in the game, and to get any significant progress, a large amount of the minor currency is required.
The premium currency is the important one. This is the one people pay for. Premium currency is given out in abundance at the beginning of the game, but rarely ever given out for free afterwards. Premium currency is used to purchase major game-changing things. For some games, this is the ability to fast-forward time. Many top games on the app store will halt progression for a set period of time. This prevents the player from burning out, and causes the player to become more addicted to the game. If the player is not burned out, they are likely to use the premium currency to continue playing. If you're out of the currency, “eh, it's only a dollar”.
This method can be TERRIBLE for retention. If your one-person game studio is just getting off the ground, and you aren't expecting hundreds of thousands of downloads, I recommend avoiding this method of In-App-Purchases.
2 – Cosmetics
Cosmetics are changes to the game's appearance in the form of character skins and themes. In the eyes of many gamers, cosmetics are the best thing you can put behind a pay wall in a game. People love cosmetics, and many people will pay money to make their character look nicer. Going back to the Crossy Road example, several specialty characters such as the dragon can be bought immediately for $1, rather than won through the lottery. Giving the player this option gives more impatient players the ability to get the character they want whenever they want, but more patient players can keep holding out for it.
Using cosmetic In-App-Purchases and Ads in conjunction can be very lucrative for mobile developers, as long as they are not overdone. The goal is to show the player the value in using their time and money in your game, rather than forcing them to pay or watch ads.
Thank you very much for reading,
Harrison N
After not catching a single touchdown pass the previous three seasons with the Dallas Cowboys, Martellus Bennett has snagged three in three games with the New York Giants.
Because of Jason Witten, it's unlikely that Bennett is ever going to be the primary pass-catching tight end in Dallas.
But according to the outspoken Texas A&M product, his lack of production could have something to do with the quarterback. Apparently, Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo isn't on the same elite level as Giants quarterback Eli Manning.
“Romo isn't in the same league as Eli Manning. Not even close,” Bennett was overheard saying at a New York restaurant.
According to the New York Post, Bennett made the statement to a waiter while he and teammate Michael Coe were dining at the Old Homestead Steakhouse.
Bennett is probably just bitter about underperforming with the Cowboys, something that had little to do with Romo and a lot to do with Bennett dropping passes. On the other hand, Manning does have two Super Bowl rings.
Follow Jon Machota on Twitter: @jonmachota
When designing your Windows Phone application you may need the TextBlock, for instance, to receive a Click or Tap event. Also, to make your application shine, you also want the tilt effect when your user taps the control. A good example of this are the Panorama controls used throughout the Windows Phone OS, or third party applications such as Nokia Music.
The tilt effect introduced with the Silverlight Toolkit for Windows Phone only works with the general ButtonBase and ListBoxItem controls. However, you can apply this effect to your custom control by adding it to the TiltableItems list like this:
1: TiltEffect.TiltableItems.Add( typeof (“MyCustomControl”))
This doesn't work with the TextBlock control though. So, a workaround is to create a ‘borderless' Button style, whose Content property can be set to any control:
1: <Style x:Key= "BorderlessButton" 2: TargetType= "ButtonBase" > 3: <Setter Property= "Template" > 4: <Setter.Value> 5: <ControlTemplate TargetType= "ButtonBase" > 6: <Grid> 7: <ContentPresenter /> 8: </Grid> 9: </ControlTemplate> 10: </Setter.Value> 11: </Setter> 12: </Style>
To use it, simply declare the Style as a resource and add a Button in your XAML code. Then, declare the TextBlock in the Content property of the Button. Here is an example:
1: <StackPanel Grid.Row= "0" > 2: <Button Style= "{StaticResource BorderlessButton}" > 3: <TextBlock Text= "{Binding Localizedresources.Mp3Store, Source={StaticResource LocalizedStrings}}" Style= "{StaticResource PhoneTextExtraLargeStyle}" /> 4: <i:Interaction.Triggers> 5: <i:EventTrigger EventName= "Click" > 6: <GalaSoft_MvvmLight_Command:EventToCommand Command= "{Binding OpenMp3StoreCommand}" /> 7: </i:EventTrigger> 8: </i:Interaction.Triggers> 9: </Button> 10: </StackPanel>
I hope you find this useful for your applications.
Happy coding!
Anuncios
Jacques Demarthon / AFP / Getty Images A tourist boat on the Seine river during a sunny day in Paris on March 14, 2012
On March 11 in Switzerland, voters did something rather unusual for Europeans: they turned down two extra weeks of vacation per year. The union-backed proposal  which would have brought the country in line with Germany's six-week paid break  was defeated with two-thirds of the population voting no in a national referendum.
Why turn down more time off? The Swiss, it seems, feared that extending their vacations might cost jobs and hold back their economy. As people across the continent cope with painful austerity measures brought on by the debt crisis, holidays are increasingly coming under increasing scrutiny. "We can't have a common currency where some get lots of vacation time and others very little," said German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a barb aimed at sunbathing southern Europeans last spring.
(PHOTOS: Swiss Finish World's Longest Tunnel: What Are the World's Top Tunnels?)
Outside the continent, many have long believed that lengthy European holidays are part of an overindulgent cornucopia of social benefits that's bound to collapse. Last fall, the chairman of the China's sovereign wealth fund, Jin Liqun, tied Europe's economic troubles to its "the sloth-inducing, indolence-inducing labor laws." Earlier this year, Mitt Romney warned that European-style benefits would "poison the very spirit of America." And British-born Harvard historian Niall Ferguson has written that in contrast to Americans' Protestant work ethic, Europeans have an "atheist sloth ethic."
But even if Europe is guilty as charged, what's the real cost of this "sloth ethic"? Is the European insistence on an extended beach holiday  the European Union actually requires that workers receive at least 20 days of paid leave per year  dragging the continent into the sea? The short answer, economists say, is no. When it comes to paid time off  whether it be vacation, family leave or sick days  the macroeconomic effect is "actually pretty small," according to John Schmitt, a senior economist with the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington, D.C. "It's very hard to say that those policies are connected to any kind of reduction in economic performance."
(MORE: Why the European Union Is Less than Ideal)
Case in point: Greece vs. Germany. Greeks toil for an average of 2,017 hours per year  more than any other European country  and take two weeks of vacation per year, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). Germans, by contrast, work only 1,408 hours per year  ranking them 24th out of 25 European countries. Yet Greece is an economic basket case with unemployment at over 20%, while Germany is the miracle powerhouse of Europe, humming along with only 6.8% unemployment  the lowest since reunification.
Part of the reason for this is productivity: Germany is the eighth most productive country in the OECD (as defined by gross domestic product divided by the number of workers), while Greece is the 24th. But taking time off also doesn't make that much of difference in the overall picture. Employees usually end up paying for their time off because employers factor the cost of that lost productivity into a pay package. (That's one reason why Europeans earn less than Americans on average per year, even if the pay per hour is the same.) Then there's the growing body of research showing that time off can actually help workers get more done. A 2009 study in Harvard Business Review, for example, showed that requiring business consultants to take time off every week actually boosted their productivity.
(PHOTOS: Michelle Obama's Spanish Vacation)
In the Netherlands, they've got the work-hard-play-hard balance down to a T. "We don't have long lunches," says Ton Wilthagen, professor of social law and policy at Tilburg University, noting that the Dutch are neck and neck with their famously productive American counterparts. "We get two rolls with cheese and a glass of milk and that's it." In return for their dairy-fueled focus, the Dutch work shorter hours each day, get six-week paid vacation and are even given an 8% holiday bonus, called a vakantiebijslag, by their employers in the spring.
In the U.S., however, it's a different story. The average American worker earns 14 days off per year, but only takes 12 of them, according to a 2011 survey by Expedia. About a quarter of Americans don't have any vacation time at all. "The U.S. is the only [industrialized] country in the world that does not have statutory requirements on employers to provide paid holiday, paid parental leave or paid sick days," says Schmitt. "We are enormous outliers."
(MORE: The Secret to Memorable Vacations: Keep 'Em Short and End 'Em Sweet)
So why can't Americans take a break? Tom Geoghegan, an American labor lawyer and author of the book Were You Born on the Wrong Continent?, says it's not that Americans are work-obsessed or that Europeans are lazy. It's simply that Europeans have "laws that require them to take [holidays]," thanks to their strong trade unions. Geoghegan says American unions aren't as concerned about the issue as their European counterparts are. "I've been pushing for years this idea of a mandatory vacation, for years with the AFL-CIO," he says. "It goes nowhere. They say, Look, we've got to get sick days before we get vacations."
MORE: TIME's Pictures of the Week.
Mount Ōmine (大峰山, Ōmine-san), is a sacred mountain in Nara, Japan, famous for its three tests of courage.
Officially known as Mount Sanjō (山上ヶ岳, Sanjō-ga-take), it is more popularly known as Mount Ōmine due to its prominence in the Ōmine mountain range. It is located in Yoshino-Kumano National Park in the Kansai region, Honshū, Japan.
The temple Ōminesanji, located at the top of the mountain, is the headquarters of the Shugendō sect of Japanese Buddhism and the entire mountain is part of a pilgrimage and training ground for the yamabushi.
History [ edit ]
The monastery at Mount Ōmine was founded in the 8th century by En no Gyōja, as a home for his new religion of Shugendō.[1] Shugendo literally means "the path of training and testing," and is based on the self-actualization of spiritual power in experiential form through challenging and rigorous ritualistic tests of courage and devotion known as shugyo.[2]
During the Meiji period, in 1872 the imperial government forbade all "superstitious practices" including belief in folkloric creatures such as Yōkai and Yūrei, as well as gender bans on sacred mountains such as Mount Fuji and all of the rituals of Mount Ōmine. During this time the mountain was closed, and any Shugendo practices were carried on in secret. However, in 1945 the Japanese Culture Act repealed these edicts, and the mountain was opened again. Shugendō practicers were quick to reclaim the mountain and restore the traditions.
In 1964, Mountaineer/author Kyūya Fukada selected Mount Ōmine as number 91 of his 100 famous mountains in Japan. Fukuda's three criteria for the selection of 100 celebrated mountains was their physical grandeur, historical and spiritual significance to Japan, and its individuality, meaning it must have a unique shape, phenomenon or event associated with it.[3] In 1980 an area of 36,000 ha in the region of Mount Ōmine and Mount Ōdaigahara was designated a UNESCO Man and the Biosphere Reserve.[4]
In 2004, it was designated as an UNESCO World Heritage Site, as part of the "Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range".[5] This selection was seen as ending the controversy surrounding the mountain's ban on women climbers, as it was given official approval by UNESCO.
Ban on women [ edit ]
Sign announcing the prohibition of women climbers
Traditionally, women in Japan were not allowed to climb mountains sacred to the Shinto religions. While the origins of the traditions can only be guessed at, originally these areas were banned to unclean people, such as those who had recently had a death in the family or menstruating women, which was believed to be linked to Shinto concepts of impurity, specifically the "blood impurity" brought on by menstruation and childbirth.
Other sacred mountains had different traditions, such as segregating the sexes by season, allowing women to climb at some times and men to climb at others. It is believed that the reason for this ban was to remove thoughts of temptation from the Yamabushi monks who are supposed to practice the strict self-denial of a hermit in isolated mountain. Eventually the bans came to be called Nyonin Kekkai (女人結界) and toward women only.
Mount Ōmine is the headquarters of the Shugendō religion, an ascetic practice with a long tradition. Because of a decrease of ascetic practitioners in modern Japan, most Shugendō-related mountains are no longer used for mountain retreats and are now tourist attractions. Consequently, these sites removed their gender-restrictions and only Mount Ōmine remains.
Only Mount Sanjō has the ban on women. The Mount Inamura (稲村ヶ岳) section of Mount Ōmine is reserved for women and is often called Nyonin Ōmine (女人大峯), "Women's Ōmine". The holiest temple for the Shugendō religion is found at the Yamagaoka hill section, and a sign at the entrance to the mountain proclaims "No Women Admitted," in English and Japanese. (Mount Athos in Greece, an Orthodox Christian site, has a similar ban on women.) Mount Ōmine's prohibition is voluntary. There have been breaches every year by feminist activists but no trespassing charge has ever been filed. Every time the boundary is breached, the temple and the local community issue a request for people to respect their religion and tradition.
The ban has been challenged many times but without success. Supporters note that sexual segregation does not equal sexual discrimination.[6] Supporters also state that the ban has an unbroken, 1,300-year tradition.[7] Mount Ōmine's designation as a World Heritage site by UNESCO was seen by critics of the ban to have given the gender ban a stamp of approval.[8]
Tests of courage [ edit ]
There are three shugyo on Mount Ōmine, each said to strengthen the spiritual power of the challenger. Climbers not wishing to take the tests can easily walk around them.
Kane Kake Iwa: The Hanging Stone, also known as the Crab Rock due to the position one must take when ascending, is a roughly 30-foot cliff, most of which is easily climbable. However, at the top there is an overhanging rock. To climb the rock, one must swing out over the overhang, using an embedded length of chain to ascend.
The Hanging Stone, also known as the Crab Rock due to the position one must take when ascending, is a roughly 30-foot cliff, most of which is easily climbable. However, at the top there is an overhanging rock. To climb the rock, one must swing out over the overhang, using an embedded length of chain to ascend. Nishi no Nozoki: The Insight from the West is a sheer cliff, roughly 60 metres high. Novices are held head-first over the cliff, where they are compelled to admit their faults and promise to follow the social and religious laws.
The Insight from the West is a sheer cliff, roughly 60 metres high. Novices are held head-first over the cliff, where they are compelled to admit their faults and promise to follow the social and religious laws. Byodo Iwa: The Rock of Equality is only available by special request. It is a rock tower, overlooking a deep cliff. Several projections from the wall allow individuals to cross over to the other side.
Gallery [ edit ]
A hospice of Ōminesanji Temple
The main gate of Ōminesanji Temple
The main building of Ōminesanji Temple
An entrance of a route to Ōminesanji Temple
Religious objects on a way to Ōminesanji Temple
The top of Mount Sanjō
A stone wall of Mount Sanjō
Mount Inamura (Nara)
The main building of Ryūsenji Temple
A microservice does a business unit of work. Transaction boundaries in most cases will span a business unit of work; hence, the transactions are automatically contained within a service. For example, a "debit savings bank account" operation can be atomic and transaction integrity can be ensured as that operation is within the boundary of service.
However, there are business scenarios that require you to run business units of work across multiple services, written by different teams in different domains. Since such orchestration spans across boundaries of multiple services, ensuring transaction integrity is a challenge. There are multiple strategies to address this challenge.
Taking a concrete example of online "credit card bill payment" that we all familiar with, bill payment requires orchestration of two operations, "debit savings bank account" and "credit to credit card account" which are handled by different domains. In this case, "credit card bill payment" is a composite operation across two services. The debit and credit operations should happen together or not happen at all. So that leads to the classic architecture challenge, how do we ensure transaction integrity of operations that are performed across services that are distributed.
Our instinct is to think of distributed transactions as the strategy coordinated by a composite service "credit card bill payment." However, distributed transactions are wrought with scalability and stability issues, like deadlock concerns and hence not recommended.
Compensating Transactions
A more viable strategy is to see the "credit card bill payment" execute the two operations independently. If the composite service detects a failure in credit operation after executing debit operation, it will have to reverse the debit operation by posting an equivalent credit entry. This credit entry is a compensating transaction.
However, there are scenarios that can affect the transaction integrity with the compensation strategy. One of the scenarios is when composite service fails after executing a debit operation before it can execute credit operation. Multiple patterns can be used to handle failure during the transaction. We will discuss three patterns:
State Store.
Routing Slip.
Process Manager.
State Store
Composite service records all the state changes in a state store. In case of failure, state store can be used to find and recover incomplete transactions.
Routing Slip
Another popular resilient approach is to make composite "credit card bill payment" operation asynchronous. Composite service creates a message with two request commands (a debit and a credit instruction) in a routing slip. This message is given to the debitSavings service from the routing slip. The debitSavings service executes the first command and enriches the routing slip before handing message to credit service that completes the credit operation. If there is a failure, the message is sent to an error queue, where the composite service can look at state and error status and compensate if required.
Process Manager
An alternative to routing slip approach is the Process Manager, which listens to events generated by Debit and Credit Operations and decides on compensating or completing the transaction.
Collapsing Operations Within the Same Bounded Context
Taking another example, inter-account transfer between two savings accounts can be traditionally done by calling "Savings Account" microservices twice, viz. once for the debit of origin account and the second time for crediting destination account. It brings similar transaction considerations discussed above. However, in this case, since both debit and credit operations happen on same domain "Savings Account" the "Account Transfer" logic can reside in the same microservice that runs debit and credit operations. This simplifies transaction boundaries.
Conclusion
Thus, we discussed various patterns to handle transaction concerns in microservices. Based on your use case, the best approach can be taken forward from the above options.
Photo: Crystal Head Vodka /Facebook He did too many shots.
In an effort to shed some light on the mystery man whose cranium now serves as the packaging for Dan Aykroyd's Crystal Head Vodka, a Scottish man named Nigel Cockerton — whom CNET notes has a Masters in Forensic and Medical Art from the University of Dundee — undertook a painstaking facial reconstruction. Cockerton documented the entire process, which included the addition of glass eyes, muscles, cartilaginous bits, and finally, skin and a natty hairdo. The finished dude looks ready to party and a little Hobbit-ish, not to mention a little bit rock-and-roll. Straight ahead, Mr. Crystal Head Vodka comes alive, muscle, skin, eyes, and all. (Just FYI, we're going to starting calling him Gary for the hell of it.)
“Is it a bit drafty in here?”Photo: Courtesy of Crystal Head Vodka
“Dude, where's my nose?”Photo: Courtesy of Crystal Head Vodka
“Thanks, you are the man.”Photo: Courtesy of Crystal Head Vodka
He can't stop laughing.Photo: Courtesy of Crystal Head Vodka
Which, in all likelihood has something to do with the spout in his head.Photo: Courtesy of Crystal Head Vodka
Real men have ponytails.Photo: Courtesy of Crystal Head Vodka
Forensic artist performs facial reconstruction on Crystal Head vodka bottle [CNET]
| by Mahboob A. Khawaja
“The hell of human suffering, evil and oppression is paved with good intentions. The men who have most injured and oppressed humanity, who have most deeply sinned against it, were according to their standards and their conscience good men; what was bad in them, what wrought moral evil and cruelty, treason to truth and progress, was not at all in their intentions, in their purpose, in their personal character, but in their opinions.”
(Professor Robert Briffault. The Making of Humanity. London, 1918)
( December 25, 2014, London, Sri Lanka Guardian) Leader across the globe use the Xmas and the New Year's Eve as convenient opportunities to echo festive messages of peace and optimism as if they long the humanity. Despite the inherent wickedness of warmongers and institutions, the global community is tolerant and open to listening to the abstract and absurd alike. Analyzing critically and objectively, there is hardly any international leaders capable of articulating an effective and credible message of hope and change under the present global affairs. No matter where you look to the East and West, South and North, forces of darkness and evil go unchecked as if the mankind was just numbers and digits and nothing else in reality. How strange in the 21st century knowledge-based informed age, large segments of humanity are being targeted by planned violence, displacement, aerial bombardment, traumatization, displacement and daily bloodbaths all extensions of the US-led bogus war on terrorism. The sadistic madness appears at its peak. America and its puppet Arab rulers are enlarging the scope of the nominal sectarian divides - Arab killing Arab, Muslims committing massacres of fellow Muslims, and Shias-Sunnis engaged in cold blooded murders. They are not fighting for truth, Islam or to protect the rights and dignity of the people. Rationality cries out loud against perpetuated insanity over the entire Arabian landscape. Nobody knows what is the end game? They are active and cash paid agents of death squads manned either by foreigners, or Iran, ISIL, Syria or Iraqis. Now, it is the coalition of the willing of 12 countries actively engaged to destroy the living humanity to ensure improved management of the oil supplies and to counteract any possible threats of imagined extremism in the Arab Middle East. There is no distinction of rights or wrongs. Who will be hanged and who will be spared, the coalition Arab leaders are uncertain about their futuristic destiny. To post 9/11 time, Al-Qaeda was the name and stigma; now it is newly formed ISIL – a convenient replacement. Everywhere, no question asked, the few authoritarian Arab rulers lacking legitimacy and the US dominated NATO members enjoy free access to victimize the innocent Arab people. The American inquisition explains Professor Michel Chossudovsky (9/11 and the “American Inquisition”, Global Research, 9/11/2008):
The American Inquisition as an ideological construct which is, in many regards, similar to the inquisitorial social order prevailing in France and Spain during the Middle Ages. The inquisition, which started in France in the 12th century, was used as a justification for conquest and military intervention. An inquisitorial doctrine turns realities upside down. It is a social order based on lies and fabrications. But because these lies emanate from the highest political authority and are part of a widely held “consensus”, they invariably remain unchallenged. And those who challenge the inquisitorial order or in any way oppose America's military or national security agenda are themselves branded as “conspiracy theorists” or outright terrorists.
Global Leaders and Institutions are a Menace to Peace
The UNO and its major organs are spectators and debating clubs subject to approval of the Five Permanent Members of the Security Council. The idea of the UNO is self propagated prophecy that no longer has the persuasive power to stop aggression by one of its own member states. The mankind is left with no rational choice to challenge the institutionalized extremism except to cry out against the perpetuated insanity flourishing in the Arab Middle East an elsewhere. If we believe to be living in One World, the One Humanity must stand together to oppose the cruel reality against the human nature and expectation for peacemaking. American war strategy is aimed at large scale deaths and destructions of the entire Arab region enabling American corporations to attain direct control over the oil reserves and exports. Another vital aim of the strategy is to camouflage the freedom of Palestine. America is not engaged in wars of humanitarian principles and values of any kind or to promote liberty and democracy. Those opposing the American intervention in Iraq-Syria know well how much America is feared and hated by the common Arabian folks. President Obama does not have a strategy to “defeat and destroy ISIL” in the Arab Middle East. If he claims to have crafted a new strategy by launching air strikes on the civilian population across Iraq-Syria and enlisting coalition of the worst than useless Arab authoritarian leaders, he is in a political quagmire of his own. America will lose more by military interventions in the complex societal conflicts overwhelmingly dominating the Arab world. Professor Michel Chossudovsky (“America's Holy Crusade against the Muslim World. Global Research: 8/30/2010) points out that: A “war of religion” is unfolding, with a view to justifying a global military crusade. In the inner consciousness of many Americans, the “holy crusade” against Muslims is justified. While President Obama may uphold freedom of religion, the US inquisitorial social order has institutionalized patterns of discrimination, prejudice and xenophobia directed against Muslims.
American news media reports of an estimated 32, 000 innocent citizens are gunned down yearly across the US homeland. If America cannot deal with its own domestic problems of security, unusual violence, killings of the innocents, natural disasters and fear-mongering politics, how could it be helpful to few puppet clients in the Arab world? One wonders, what went wrong with America? William Boardman (“A Country At War With An Illusion.” Information Clearing House: 8/19/2013) spells out that America is at war with itself: “We are waging war on terrorism even as we embody terrorism. …No wonder we seem sometimes to be at war with ourselves, and have been for most of the 21st century….No American Under 12 Has Lived In A Country At Peace….America's Main Enemy Is Nameless, Shapeless, “Associated Forces”… The American Enemies List Is Decided Anonymously and Secretly.
The warmongers go freely to massacre innocent women, children and rape the youngsters - a prevalent culture of infested crimes across the Arab regions. Despite moral and intellectual capacity, nobody takes up initiatives for talks to conduct conflict management and crisis management. Leaders appear more of insane egoistic character than peacemakers. They are unmindful of the consequences of their own vicious thought and priorities simply to double the imagery of popularity number games. The question is, how would such large scale military operations achieve any aims of peace to avoid future mishaps? For over a decade, in Iraq, Afghanistan and its spill-over drone war into Northern Pakistan tribal areas, millions and millions of people have been targeted, displaced and charcoaled by the US failing war strategy.
Towards Conflict Management
All man-made conflicts are manageable through dialogue and peaceful negotiations. If the coalition of the willing had working intelligence, they should engage ISIL in a political dialogue to determine the future of the Arab Middle East. Obviously, ISIL's cold-blooded killings of few foreign prisoners cannot be accepted as precepts of the Islamic behavior and values of the Muslim world, but the group is gaining ground and attracting large number of recruits across the Arab countries. President Obama claimed diplomacy to deal with global problems and nations with varied perspectives. But nothing is initiated out of the fixed strategy against ISIL. “It is Perfectly Reasonable to Negotiate with Villains like ISIS So, Why Don't We Do It to Save Some Lives” The Independent: 9/28/2014), asks reputable international journalist Robert Fisk. President Obama said, No at the UN and adds, we do not negotiate with Evil. An impartial observer would question President Obama if the Evil is one-sided. No wonder, why America is using the logic of power and not the power of logic to respond to a critical global humanitarian crisis. Wars suck out positive human thinking and creative energies to articulate a sustainable future. How should the global humanity view the contemporary Arab societies, their war-torn bloody cultures operated by foreign mercenaries and few authoritarian dictators? What kind of message of civility, moral and intellectual values do they convey to the watchful eyes of the global humanity?
War Negates the Essence of Xmas and Peacemaking
When was the last time any cruel monsters opted for a public dialogue to co-exist with rational people? Would Bashar al-Assad listen to voices of reason? Do other authoritarian Arab rulers show any flexibility to share power with the people? Most Arab rulers lack the intellectual capacity and political legitimacy to conduct any public negotiations with the opposing parties. The auspices occasion of the Xmas and New Year stand for peace and co-existence amongst diverse segments of human societies. The continuing bombing of the innocents, sectarian bloodbaths and aggressive military operations contradict the spirit and meaning of the Xmas. The crush for war is instinctively part of human ignorance and arrogance. Wars contradict the human Nature and the Nature of the living Universe. It is co-existence and peace that brings people and nations together and helps to flourish life and relationships befitting to the human Nature and the Nature of planet Earth and the larger Universe. Civilizations grow out of peace not conflicts. Dave Lindorff (“Eleven Reason's I'm Ashamed to Be an American.” Counterpunch: 12/10/2014) is a founding member of ThisCantBeHappening!, and is a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion, and extends courageous statement on the current global affairs: I am ashamed to be a US citizen. This doesn't come easily, because having lived abroad and seen some pretty nasty places in my time, I know there are a lot of great things about this country, and a lot of great people who live here, but lately, I've reached the conclusion that the US is a sick and twisted country, in which the bad far outweighs the good….. It's not just the latest release of a heavily redacted report on the Bush/Cheney administration's deliberate program of torture, launched in 2001 in the wake of 9-11, and carried on for years against not just alleged terrorists, but even against people known or suspected to be completely innocent of anything. It's that nothing has been done, or likely will be done, to punish those who authorized and advocated for these war crimes and crimes against humanity.
If there were any responsible global moral, spiritual and intellectual powerhouses, they should have taken initiatives to find peaceful ways and means to end the authoritarian hostilities and massacres of the innocent civilians. The history speaks loud and clear that few powerful rulers with individualistic absolutism and most often, mentally retarded persons have always driven the mankind to large scale slaughters, victimization, deprivation and long term scars of unforgettable consequences – the massacres of innocent humanity and destruction of irreversible human habitats - the Two World Wars never ended - the killing goes on and on across the Middle East. God the Creator of the Universe knows who is peacemaker and who is a warmonger is. The messages of Torah, Bible and The Qura'an AGE clear and candid: God favors those who strive to bridge the human differences, bring people together and make peace. The humanity is at great loss even the Xmas occasion could not change the favorite perversion of the blood thirsty leaders to rethink of their role and aims within the global mankind.
(Dr. Mahboob A. Khawaja specializes in global security, peace and conflict resolution with keen interests in Islamic-Western comparative cultures and civilizations, and author of several publications including the latest: Global Peace and Conflict Management: Man and Humanity in Search of New Thinking. Lambert Academic Publishing, Germany, May 2012)
This preview originally published March 29 and has since been updated.
It is a fact of life in the MAC. The better you do, the faster you are looking for a new coach. You just hope to claim as many prizes as possible before he leaves.
Northern Illinois pulled this off a few years ago. The Huskies, two years removed from losing Jerry Kill to Minnesota, claimed an Orange Bowl berth before losing Dave Doeren to NC State. Bowling Green at least got conference titles out of Doeren (2013) and Dino Babers (2015) before losing them to Wake Forest and Syracuse, respectively.
Western Michigan Broncos Head coach: Tim Lester (first year) 2016 record and S&P+ ranking: 13-1 (35th) Projected 2017 record and S&P+ ranking: 7-5 (74th) The Biggest strength: The running back unit is deeper than most power conference units. Biggest question mark: The run game will have to be dominant because the passing game is starting from scratch. Biggest 2017 game: WMU hasn't beaten Michigan State and might not have a better chance than when the Broncos visit East Lansing in Week 2 (Sept. 9). Still, it's hard to call anything else the biggest game when the season ends with trips to Northern Illinois (Nov. 15) and Toledo (Nov. 24). Summary: P.J. Fleck was a unique coach who brought unprecedented success. It will be hard for Tim Lester to clear the bar Fleck set, but the former WMU quarterback is uniquely qualified to try.
Others have fallen short. Toledo has mastered playing like an elite MAC team without winning the MAC; the Rockets lost Tim Beckman to Illinois and Matt Campbell to Iowa State and got not even a division title to show for it. Ball State got a 12-0 start out of Brady Hoke but got upset in the MAC Championship and lost Hoke to San Diego State.
Western Michigan got its money's worth when it hired a 32-year-old former Rutgers receivers coach in 2013. P.J. Fleck recruited circles around the rest of the conference and got his PhD in catchphrases.
He stripped the house to the studs in a 1-11 Year Zero reset, but after two slightly unsatisfying 8-5 seasons, his Broncos broke through in 2016, and he was still around to lead it.
WMU went 9-0 against the MAC and 2-1 against the Big Ten in 2016. The Broncos knocked off Northwestern and Illinois on the road early, trounced Georgia Southern in what was supposed to be a mid-major showcase, and then laid waste to conference foes: 49-10 over CMU, 41-0 over Akron, 52-20 over Ball State, 38-0 over Buffalo, 55-35 over Toledo.
With “Fleck to [Insert P5 School]?” rumors taking up more and more oxygen, the Broncos remained focused and welcomed ESPN College GameDay to Kalamazoo. (The signs were good, too.) Their reward: a trip to the Cotton Bowl and a competitive loss to Wisconsin.
Fleck left. That's what happens. He's at Minnesota, though from an WMU perspective, all that matters is what's next.
After taking a flyer on a relative unknown last time, the school elected to go with a familiar face. At least, to WMU fans.
Lester threw for more than 11,000 yards in a Western Michigan uniform in the late-1990s and was inducted into the WMU athletics hall of fame. He played in both the XFL and Arena League, and after an unconventional playing career, he followed an even more unique coaching path:
2000-01: high school offensive coordinator
2002-03: Division III offensive coordinator (Elmhurst)
2004: Division II head coach (he went 7-4 at Saint Joseph's)
2005-06: WMU quarterbacks coach
2007: Division III defensive coordinator (North Central)
2008-12: Division III head coach (33-19 at Elmhurst with a quarterfinal appearance)
2013-15: Syracuse quarterbacks coach and offensive coordinator
2016: Purdue quarterbacks coach
Technically, WMU hired a former pro quarterback with six years of head coaching experience. But all of this experience happened on state roads instead of the interstate, so to speak.
If Lester's up for this — and the fact that he had one losing season in six years at Saint Joseph's and Elmhurst suggests he very well might be — then Fleck left plenty of toys in the toy box. The passing game has to be rebuilt following the loss of quarterback Zach Terrell and his top three receivers (including the incredible Corey Davis), but the run game could be dominant, and most of the defense returns.
So now we wait. Can Lester parlay D3 success into wins at a higher level? And if he does, will his hometown status lead to him staying a bit longer than the typical MAC coach?
(My guesses: 1. Yes, but not “13-1” level success. 2. No, probably not.)
2016 in review
2016 WMU statistical profile.
After a No. 53 S&P+ ranking in 2015, WMU headed into last fall with high expectations due to the combination of high-caliber recruiting and most of a potent offense returning. Still, it took both S&P+ and Vegas a little while to figure out just how impressive the Broncos were. You could make some money picking WMU early in the year.
Eventually, the markets adjusted. WMU improved (offensively, at least) as the season progressed, but both S&P+ and Vegas caught on. And after the big win over Toledo clinched an unbeaten regular season, the Broncos slipped a hair in the postseason. The Broncos still weren't bad, but there was regression.
First 7 games (7-0) — Avg. percentile performance: 63% (~top 50) | Avg. yards per play: WMU 6.6, Opp 5.5 (plus-1.1) | Avg. performance vs. S&P+ projection: plus-20.7 PPG
— Avg. percentile performance: 63% (~top 50) | Avg. yards per play: WMU 6.6, Opp 5.5 (plus-1.1) | Avg. performance vs. S&P+ projection: plus-20.7 PPG Next 5 games (5-0) — Avg. percentile performance: 68% (~top 40) | Avg. yards per play: WMU 7.3, Opp 6.3 (plus-1.0) | Avg. performance vs. S&P+ projection: plus-5.2 PPG
— Avg. percentile performance: 68% (~top 40) | Avg. yards per play: WMU 7.3, Opp 6.3 (plus-1.0) | Avg. performance vs. S&P+ projection: plus-5.2 PPG Last 2 games (1-1) — Avg. percentile performance: 53% (~top 60) | Avg. yards per play: Opp 5.8, WMU 5.1 (minus-0.7) | Avg. performance vs. S&P+ projection: minus-5.2 PPG
WMU was steady, peaking a couple of times (at CMU and at Akron) but mostly establishing residence in around the 60th and 70th percentiles.
For all the talk about Fleck's strange motivational techniques, they worked. WMU was one of the most consistent teams in FBS. Now we'll see if Lester can row the boat.
Offense
Full advanced stats glossary.
Give Tom Flacco, Joe's brother, this: he's mastered small sample sizes. In 2015, backing up star Zach Terrell, he completed 10 of 12 passes for 188 yards and a touchdown (passer rating: 242.4) and rushed 28 times for 266 yards (9.5 per carry) and two scores.
Keep that up over a full season, and you'll win the Heisman!
He won't keep that up, obviously. But the younger brother of (much taller) Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe offered at least a few hints that there might be life after Terrell. Granted, Flacco will have to hold off three-star sophomore Jon Wassink, but one can assume decent quarterback play. [Update: Actually, Flacco has transferred to Rutgers.]
So that's one concern WMU probably won't have. Now Flacco/Wassink just need some players to catch their passes. In Corey Davis, Michael Henry, and Carrington Thompson, WMU must replace a trio responsible for 79 percent of last year's targets. Only one returning wideout (sophomore slot D'Wayne Eskridge) caught more than 10 passes last year. Eskridge is an exciting efficiency option, running backs Jarvion Franklin and Jamauri Bogan combined to catch 30 of 33 passes, and tight end Donnie Ernsberger caught nine of 12. There might be a decent possession passing game in this bunch.
But who's running routes downfield? There are plenty of former three-star recruits in the mix — sophomore Anton Curtis, redshirt freshmen Hunter Broersma and Rodney Graves, freshmen Luke Sanders and Tyron Arnett — but they have combined for zero career catches.
Luckily, new coordinator Kevin Johns will have a run game, and his history suggests he might know how to use it. In 2015, the Indiana coordinator had to replace his starting quarterback, running back, and three leading receivers. But with an emphasis on the run game and a rather extreme tempo, the Hoosiers improved from 63rd to 15th in Off. S&P+. Indiana ran slightly more than the national average on standard downs and quite a bit more than normal on passing downs, and they crafted an identity around power and pace.
Granted, a lot of gains came undone in 2016, when Indiana threw more and fell back to 67th in Off. S&P+. Still, Johns inherits not only Franklin (3,639 rushing yards in three years) and Bogan (1,974 in two), but also sophomore Davon Tucker, juniors LaVonte Bellamy and Leo Ekwoge, and redshirt freshman Matt Falcon, a one-time Michigan commit still working back from multiple knee injuries. And while the line does have to replace all-conference tackle Taylor Moton and two-year starting guard Jackson Day, two other all-conference linemen return (tackle Chukwuma Okorafor, center John Keenoy).
WMU's offense was built around relentless efficiency; Davis and Thompson averaged 15.4 yards per catch, but this was otherwise an attack that pushed you around a few yards at a time.
Efficiency is good, but big plays allow you score without executing well for eight to 10 plays in a row. WMU's 2016 offense was experienced enough to attack consistently and had a big-play option in Davis. The 2017 offense won't be that lucky. A lack of big plays could result in duds, even if the run game is mostly awesome.
Defense
It only took Fleck until his second season to start getting the offense figured out. WMU improved from 121st in Off. S&P+ his first year to 42nd, 22nd, and 25th, respectively, over his final three years.
The defense, however, took longer. WMU ranked 93rd in Def. S&P+ in 2015, and while there was clear, definitive improvement last year despite turnover, the Broncos were still only 69th.
WMU was reasonably efficient on standard downs (37th in standard downs success rate) but played pretty passive, inefficient ball on passing downs; the Broncos' sack rate was actually higher on standard downs (6.2 percent) than passing downs (5.3 percent), which isn't supposed to happen. That resulted in quite a few second- or third-and-long bailouts.
If anything, under new coordinator Tim Daoust, we might be looking at the opposite problem.
A colleague of Lester's at Syracuse, Daoust runs the type of defense that Lester hated facing as a quarterback.
The attack 4-3 defense quickly came to mind as it prompts defenders to attack the offense then react to changes as they occur instead of trying to read what an offense is doing before attacking. The system, Lester said, is frustrating to throwing quarterbacks as they need to wait to read the defense after the play has started. "When you're designing what you want your defense to look like as a head coach, you pretty much pick the defense you hated to go against the most and you say 'that's what I want to run,'" Lester said.
I always love that attitude — play the defense you hated to face.
An aggressive, confusing defense tends to pair well with an up-tempo offense in that it can force quick-change situations, wear opponents out, and create those deadly touchdown-turnover-touchdown situations that can turn a close game into a laugher.
Of course, if you aren't good at the up-tempo offense or the aggressive defense, you're creating identical disadvantages for yourself. We'll see if the offense can play efficient ball, but I have fewer concerns about the defense. It could take pretty well to an aggressive approach.
WMU does have to replace its two most disruptive defenders in the front seven; rush end Keion Adams and weakside linebacker Robert Spillane combined for 28.5 tackles for loss, 10.5 sacks, five passes defensed, and five forced fumbles. They were a two-man havoc rate.
Still, ends Eric Assoua and Nathan Braster combined for 13.5 TFLs of their own, and linebackers Asantay Brown and Caleb Bailey combined for 17.5. It appears there's plenty of attacking talent to go around, and that's before mentioning the five three-star linebackers moving to Kalamazoo this fall.
There might be concern at tackle; WMU really only played two of them with regularity last year, and one (David Curle) is gone. Braster is big enough to move inside at times, and senior Andre Turner is back, but WMU will be relying on some green players on the interior.
If the run defense holds up, though, I like the odds of the pass defense improving. Corners Sam Beal, Darius Phillips, and Obbie Jackson combined for five interceptions and 21 breakups last year, and three-star youngsters like Dontre Boyd, Emmanuel Jackson, or K.J. Anderson could be ready to help sooner than later. The safety position is a bit more of an unknown with the loss of Justin Ferguson, but he missed four games last year, and sophomore Davontae Ginwright got his feet wet in his absence. Former star recruit Justin Tranquill, meanwhile, more than held his own as a freshman and is taking on a leadership role as a sophomore.
If the Broncos can force opponents to pass, the combination of Daoust's aggression, a decent pass rush, and a better secondary could take advantage.
Special Teams
WMU has a couple of legs to replace. Punter James Coleman, who ranked 11th in punt success rate and allowed opponents to return just six punts all year, graduated. Meanwhile, after a sturdy freshman year as a place-kicker, sophomore-to-be Butch Hampton left Kalamazoo to pursue a soccer career. That's quite a special teams reset.
Meanwhile, WMU's return units were all-or-nothing in 2016 — Darius Phillips scored on a punt return and a kick return, but the Broncos ranks just 95th in kick return success rate and 58th on punts — and should continue to be so this fall.
2017 outlook
A team that reaches an all-time peak and loses its head coach is guaranteed to regress. It applies to Western Kentucky. It is not the hottest of takes to suggest that the Broncos are not going to go 13-1 in 2017.
Still, Lester has quite a bit of experience and inherits exciting pieces from Fleck. The passing game will regress, but the run game might be strong enough to lean on. The run defense might get gashed, but the pass defense could be excellent.
WMU isn't projected as the best team in the MAC — those honors go to perpetual bridesmaid Toledo — but the Broncos are still No. 2. They'll probably win seven or eight games and bowl for the fourth year in a row. After season-opening road trips to USC and Michigan State, they could be favored in each of the next nine games.
It's hard to move on from one of the country's most unique coaches. But in Lester, WMU landed someone who is uniquely experienced and extremely Western Michigan.
Team preview stats
All preview data to date.
By Captain Pyke | September 14, 2011 - 9:58 pm
We would like to wish a very happy birthday to our favorite navigator, Walter Koenig! As many of you know, Walter recently made the news with his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and honestly it couldn't have happened sooner. The well deserved honor has got to make this day even more special. We had the chance to talk to Walter last year at Austin Comic-con and he mentioned a few projects that should be releasing soon. You can learn more info about his two graphic novels "Raver" & "Things to Come" by clicking their respective links. You can also check out his official website here.
Walter Marvin Koenig was born September 14, 1936 in Chicago, IL. Before landing the role of Ensign Pavel Chekov, Walter worked on many series in the early days of TV including: Combat!, The Untouchables, Ben Casey, plus many others. The most notable being the short lived series The Lieutenant created by none other than Gene Roddenberry. Walter credits his work on The Lieutenant for playing a small role in landing Star Trek, but he also credits the series Mr. Novak.
Walter tells the story: "I had played a defecting Russian student in high school. The casting director on that show was also the casting director on The Lieutenant... and was also the casting director on Star Trek. So, he suggested me for the role. Gene Roddenberry knew me from The Lieutenant so that was the second vote... So when I came in, it was pretty much a fait accompli. Nothing is that painless..."
We're really happy you landed the role that has provided us hours of entertainment. Happy birthday!
"White Winter Special Campaign"! A total of 8 celebrating events are here!
"White Winter Special Campaign"!
A total of 8 celebrating events are here!
Other than Dokkan Festival and the new stage of the Dokkan Event, a Bonus Event and Story Events are also available!
Join the events and rejoice in this awesome campaign!
Event Details and Schedule
No.1 "White Winter Special Campaign" Special Missions! 2017/12/9 (Sat) 16:00 ~ 2017/12/24 (Sun) 15:59 PST
No.2 "Dokkan Festival"! 2017/12/11 (Mon) 00:30 ~ 2017/12/27 (Wed) 21:59 PST
No.3 New Stage of "The Unparalleled Paragon of Hope"! 2017/12/11 (Mon) 00:30 ~ 2017/12/27 (Wed) 21:59 PST
No.4 "Dragon Ball GT: A Hero's Legacy"! 2017/12/10 (Sun) 22:30 ~ 2017/12/31 (Sun) 21:59 PST
No.5 All the Hidden Potential Weekly Events are open! Hidden Potential Weekly Events for all Types will be available from 16:00 on Fridays to 15:59 on Sundays during the following period: 2017/12/9 (Sat) 16:00 ~ 2017/12/24 (Sun) 15:59 PST
No.6 "Big Bucks Hercule Challenge" available every day! 2017/12/9 (Sat) 16:00 ~ 2017/12/24 (Sun) 22:29 PST
No.7 STR Character-Exclusive Summon! 2017/12/12 (Tue) 22:30 ~ 2017/12/24 (Sun) 21:59 PST
How Groundhog Day Ruined Bill Murray And Harold Ramis' Partnership By Gregory Wakeman Random Article Blend Groundhog Day is one of the best movies of the last 25 years. There's simply no debating this fact. It's ingeniously plotted, deliciously sweet and bitingly funny. And it only manages to reach these heights thanks to the nuanced yet commanding comedic presence of its lead actor, Bill Murray, as well as the subtle-yet-suave prowess of director Harold Ramis.
Of course, at the time, it was no surprise that the duo had once again delivered another rousing cinematic adventure that challenged the Hollywood elite in its own unerring fashion. But this would be the last collaboration between
Well, in order to get a true grip of the story, let's go back to the start – to when the duo first became chums. Having met at Chicago's Second City, the infamous improvisational sketch comedy troupe, the two Illinois natives managed to bypass career-altering LSD trips and drug arrests via Saturday Night Live and SCTV to become two of American cinema's most popular personalities of the 1980s. Between 1979 and 1993, they made six hugely successful pictures together, all of which, in their own inimitable way, have stood the test of time. Elements of Meatballs, Caddyshack, Stripes, Ghostbusters, Ghostbusters II and, especially, Groundhog Day can still be seen in Hollywood flicks to this day. But what can't be replicated is the camaraderie and patter that developed between Harold Ramis and Bill Murray, both behind and in-front of the camera.
In a fascinating study of the duo's relationship, Caddyshack, Ramis said:
In comedy, we're out there alone, and it turns out I don't want to work alone – Bill was a tremendous source of strength and protection. If a scene didn't work, I'd just say, ‘O.K., let's start lighting,' and Bill and I would talk for half an hour, and we'd get something great."
Then came Groundhog Day. Danny Rubin, who originally wrote the script, recalled how when Ramis started scribing his draft of the film, he immediately and instinctively played up to Murray's strengths in order to get his old pal to play the lead. It worked, and
Despite these issues, Groundhog Day was another huge hit for the duo, and ironically it managed to embrace both Ramis and Murray's ideas, which combined perfectly to create a truly original cinematic tale. But this success didn't eradicate their conflict, and Murray refused to ever work with Ramis again. Friends of the pair have since speculated that this was because Murray had grown tired of the idea that Ramis was responsible for his career. They didn't speak to each other for 21 years.
During this time, Murray refused to discuss his former chum, while Ramis insisted that he'd repeatedly had dreams about the pair becoming friends again. When Ramis' health started to plummet due to Autoimmune Inflammatory Vasulitis disease, his dream became finally became a reality. Brian Doyle Murray convinced his brother to visit the legendary filmmaker on his deathbed. The two chatted. About what we'll never know. But when Ramis finally succumbed to his illness in February earlier this year, Murray sent out a solemn yet perfectly concise tribute that simply read: "Harold Ramis and I together did the National Lampoon Show off Broadway, Meatballs, Stripes, Caddyshack, Ghostbusters and Groundhog Day. He earned his keep on this planet. God bless him." He then added a heart-warming eulogy at the Academy Awards just a few weeks later:
But it's
I could help him be the best funny Bill Murray he could be, and I think he appreciated that then. And I don't know where that went, but it's there on film. So whatever happens between us in the future, at least we have those expressions."
Forget about their private lives. That's their business. Let's just remember them together as the comedic heavyweights that they are, and always be. Now go watch Groundhog Day again to see them at their best. is one of the best movies of the last 25 years. There's simply no debating this fact. It's ingeniously plotted, deliciously sweet and bitingly funny. And it only manages to reach these heights thanks to the nuanced yet commanding comedic presence of its lead actor, Bill Murray, as well as the subtle-yet-suave prowess of director Harold Ramis.Of course, at the time, it was no surprise that the duo had once again delivered another rousing cinematic adventure that challenged the Hollywood elite in its own unerring fashion. But this would be the last collaboration between Ramis and Murray, as its shoot was clouded in so much mire and ill will that their friendship deteriorated completely. But what happened between the cinematic brethren on-set that ruined their previously fruitful companionship?Well, in order to get a true grip of the story, let's go back to the start – to when the duo first became chums. Having met at Chicago's Second City, the infamous improvisational sketch comedy troupe, the two Illinois natives managed to bypass career-altering LSD trips and drug arrests viaandto become two of American cinema's most popular personalities of the 1980s. Between 1979 and 1993, they made six hugely successful pictures together, all of which, in their own inimitable way, have stood the test of time. Elements ofand, especially,can still be seen in Hollywood flicks to this day. But what can't be replicated is the camaraderie and patter that developed between Harold Ramis and Bill Murray, both behind and in-front of the camera.In a fascinating study of the duo's relationship, Uproxx reports that after making, Ramis said:Then came. Danny Rubin, who originally wrote the script, recalled how when Ramis started scribing his draft of the film, he immediately and instinctively played up to Murray's strengths in order to get his old pal to play the lead. It worked, and Murray accepted, but he was experiencing incredible strife in his life at the time of filming and his behaviour on-set became more and more problematic. Not only did he fail to turn up on time, but he would throw tantrums, argue with Ramis over his directorial choices, and insist that the film be more moody and provocative than the straight-forward comedy Ramis desired. Ramis and Murray couldn't even work on the script together alone, and the filmmaker resorted to sending Rubin to try and improve on the screenplay with the actor. Then when Ramis tried to call to hear about their efforts, Murray would simply ignore him.Despite these issues,was another huge hit for the duo, and ironically it managed to embrace both Ramis and Murray's ideas, which combined perfectly to create a truly original cinematic tale. But this success didn't eradicate their conflict, and Murray refused to ever work with Ramis again. Friends of the pair have since speculated that this was because Murray had grown tired of the idea that Ramis was responsible for his career. They didn't speak to each other for 21 years.During this time, Murray refused to discuss his former chum, while Ramis insisted that he'd repeatedly had dreams about the pair becoming friends again. When Ramis' health started to plummet due to Autoimmune Inflammatory Vasulitis disease, his dream became finally became a reality. Brian Doyle Murray convinced his brother to visit the legendary filmmaker on his deathbed. The two chatted. About what we'll never know. But when Ramis finally succumbed to his illness in February earlier this year, Murray sent out a solemn yet perfectly concise tribute that simply read: "Harold Ramis and I together did theShow off Broadway,and. He earned his keep on this planet. God bless him." He then added a heart-warming eulogy at the Academy Awards just a few weeks later:But it's Harold Ramis' comments about himself and Murray, which he made shortly before he died, that truly sum up their escapades:Forget about their private lives. That's their business. Let's just remember them together as the comedic heavyweights that they are, and always be. Now go watchagain to see them at their best. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
A deal has been reportedly reached between the two sides and Rutgers Head Coach Chris Ash, is set to name Ohio State Quality Control/Kicking game coach Vince Okruch as the next Special Teams Coach of the Rutgers football team.
Okruch who is a Buffalo, NY native, has spent 34 years coaching football at various different schools. Okruch has 15 years of experience in the Big Ten alone making stops at Ilinois, Minnesota, & Northwestern. In addition to that experience, he also spent 12 straight years at Colorado along side than head coach Gary Barnett.
It will be interesting to see how much of a factor Okruch is with recruiting given he was born in the tri-state area. He surely has connections in the area but this seems to he a hire driven by coaching ability rather than recruiting, which makes sense for a special teams coach.
We would like to give a big "Welcome to the Banks" to Coach Okruch.
We will have more on Okruch and the rest of the staff as details emerge so be sure to keep it locked here on ScarletInsiders.com
UPDATE 15:25 UTC September 19, 2013. The 8.8 Public Test Server will be stopped on September 19 at 08:00 PDT (11:00 EDT) Thank you for your participation and feedback.
Tankers!
With all of the comings and goings on within the Wargaming Universe, we're happy to announce that the 8.8 Public Test server has been launched!
How the Public Test Works
To participate in the test you need to do the following steps:
Install a small launcher update found
here (10.5 Mb)
Update World of Tanks via the launcher (5.6 Gb)
If you have already installed the Public Test game client the launcher will update it to the Public Test 8.8 second iteration automatically (59.5 Mb)
Be sure to install the test game launcher in a different folder, rather than the current game client version. Also, switch off the game client before installing the update. Only players who have registered prior to 0:00 UTC 19.08.2013 can participate in the Public Test.
Please, keep in mind certain features of the public test server:
Payments are not accepted on the public test server.
For the second iteration, all test accounts will receive a one-time credit of:
100,000,000 XP 100,000,000 20,000 Progress won't be transferred to the main NA server. Credits and experience rates will not be increased for this test.
Scheduled Server Restarts
- first periphery - 21:00 PDT (00:00 EDT) every day. Average duration: ~25 mins
- second periphery - 22:00 PDT (01:00 EDT) every day. Average duration: ~25 mins
- center - 23:00 PDT (02:00 EDT) every day. Average duration: 2 mins.
Public Test Version 0.8.8 #3
Please note: these patch notes are preliminary and do not contain the details of characteristic changes of some tanks.
The detailed list of these changes will be provided in the final patch notes during the update 0.8.8 release.
Added compensation for the engines of E-50 and E-75: If you had a Maybach HL 295 Ausf. A engine researched (it is mounted on E-50 and E-75), then 25,000 free experience points will be added to your account. If you had a Maybach HL 295 Ausf. A engine in the depot or it was mounted on the E-50 or the E-75, then these engines will be sold at the purchase price. The appropriate Credit value will be added to your account.
Decreased delays when a new “Service Record” window is opened.
Fixed the way some medals are displayed in the service record window.
Fixed some bugs with chat windows opening and closing.
Fixed game client crash issue during attempt to set antialiasing type “2x” for standard graphics.
Fixed the issue with the amount of shells resetting when checkmarks are set in the “Service” window.
Fixed some bugs with the missions window and the missions section in the after-battle statistics window.
Public Test Version 0.8.8 #2
Fixed multiple errors and freezes in the new achievements window
Fixed multiple errors occurring in the combat missions window
Fixed severe performance drawdown in the combat missions window
Fixed some bugs in the special battles window
Fixed some bugs in the company battles window
Removed the ability to jump (flight glitch) when driving in some vehicles
Fixed some bugs in rendering of the new base flags
Fixed the display of shadows (under the tanks) in the hangar
Applied fixes for the balancer (not included in the first test patch 0.8.8)
Fixed the problem with game client "crashes" that appeared in the first Test 0.8.8
Fixed inability to start a battle on some tanks
Fixed an issue with participation in random battle types (Assault and Encounter battle) which is turned off
Fixed several mistakes in Sound settings interface
In a Service window, the issue with gold shells purchase switching after displaying cogwheel "Updating modules" was fixed
Fixed impossibility of switching to Service window by clicking on shells icons after leaving platoon, tank company or special battle
Fixed the absence of color identification of platoon-mates on the loading map screen
Fixed symbol "doubling" issue in chat after their detachment
Fix a cogwheel displaying in several cases instead of Battle results screen
Sound of Object 140's gunshot was fixed
Increased terrain crossing capacity for E-75 on soft and medium terrain
Low performance on "Silent Coast" map was fixed
Fixed several problems with icons in Store and Depot displaying
Removed the color changes in the British desert camouflage
Fixed the damage model of the Superpershing tank (widened the reinforced line of the front armor hull front plate)
Fixed some tanks' names and icon visualizations in the loading screen errors
Fixed freezes of the garage with many vehicles
Fixed some errors of the visual model of Т-44-122 and Type 64
Fixed some errors of the Swamp, Karelia, Airfield, Tundra maps
Returned old logic of ammo slider box functioning in the Service window
Changed the calculation formula of global rating
Fixed the omission of the pop-up window for acquiring Elite status of a vehicle.
Public Test Version 0.8.8 #1
These notes do not include every change that will appear with the 8.8 Update. A more comprehensive list of specific changes will be made available prior to the release of the 8.8 Update.
Map Updates
New Map: Tundra, a rocky Soviet-inspired map
Serene Coast returns
Komarin returns
Swamp returns
Added Encounter mode for Mountain Pass
New Soviet Medium Tanks
А-43: tier VI (will be a continuation of T-34)
А-44: tier VII
Object 416: tier VIII
Object 140: tier X (temporarily will be a continuation of T-54)
New German Vehicles
Heavy tank Durchbruchswagen 2: tier IV
Medium tank VK 30.02 (M): tier VI
German Tank Changes
Tank VK 30.01(H) transferred from tier VI to tier V and from medium to heavy
Tank VK 36.01(H) transferred from medium to heavy
New Chinese Premium Vehicles*
Medium tank Т-34-3: tier VIII
Heavy tank 112: tier VIII
Test Tanks*
Chinese light tank Type-64: tier VI
Japanese medium tank Type 3 Chi-Nu Kai: tier V
Soviet medium tank Т-44-85: tier VII
Soviet medium tank Т-44-122: tier VII
*Vehicles are only available to Super Testers
Vehicle Changes
Rebalanced the T26E4 SuperPershing tank. If already in the Garage before the 8.8 Update, players can sell the tank back for the full Gold value. The updated tank has been added to the Store
For Chinese tanks, the penetration of the HEAT shell of the Po-471 122mm guns has been changed from 300mm to 250mm
Changed the engine characteristics of the following German vehicles: Е-50, E-75, Jagdpanther, Jagdpanther II, Jagdtiger, Panther II, Panther, Tiger, Tiger II, VK 28.01
Increased the damage but decreased rate of fire, for Soviet 100mm guns: LB-1, D-10Т, D-10С, LB-1С
Corrected some errors with the E-100, SU-76b visual models
Interface Updates
Significantly expanded the functionality of Missions. An interface with descriptions and current Mission status has been added to the client
Added protection against the accidental selling of tanks
Significantly improved the quality of FXAA anti-aliasing
Completely reworked the statistics and achievement page. Changed the way players' global rating is calculated
Gameplay Updates
CONCORDIA — Two school districts plan to end the academic year early to save money, citing financial pressures caused by reduced state aid for this academic year.
The Concordia school district will release students on May 15, rather than May 21. And the Twin Valley School District, which includes Bennington and Tescott, will dismiss May 8, rather than May 20, The Salina Journal reported (http://bit.ly/1F66SNA).
Concordia Superintendent Bev Mortimer said students have hugged her in thanks for the early release.
"They remember me as the snow day lady," she said. "We are popular with the kids but not the parents."
Kansas school districts are facing financial pressures after losing $51 million they expected to receive for the current school year after Gov. Sam Brownback signed a school funding overhaul bill in March. The new school funding plan scraps the previous formula for determining state aid and replaces it with block grants, which will give districts a fixed amount of money for the next two years while the Legislature develops a new formula.
The Twin Valley board announced Monday that the school would trim 7½ "discretionary days" from the school calendar, although athletic and other activities would continue. Board members said in a news release that the district was having difficulty withstanding "the present mid-year, unplanned financial cuts recently signed into law."
"The board's made a difficult decision," Twin Valley Superintendent Jan Neufeld said. "We have just a few fiscal reserves."
Neufeld would not estimate how much the district will save by dismissing its nearly 580 students early, but Mortimer said the Concordia district will save about $30,000 by not running buses and the cafeteria, and by not paying certain staff members.
The district, which has about 1,000 students, also will be out of school April 16 and May 1, Mortimer said, to spread out the days classified staff won't be paid over two pay periods.
When social media photos surfaced of Tiger Woods exercising at a gym in the Bahamas on Tuesday, golf pundits the world over wondered aloud whether it meant the aging golf great was mounting what could be a final attempt at a comeback in his storied career.
» Celebrity justice in Palm Beach County: Tiger Woods not the first
»WATCH: Tiger Woods DUI jail video released by PBSO
In Palm Beach County meanwhile, a court hearing scheduled for Wednesday could reveal once and for all how Woods will handle his Memorial Day arrest on a charge of driving under the influence of a mix of prescription medicines, including the painkillers Vicodin and Xanax.
A tweet from the 41-year-old Jupiter Island resident letting his fans know he was seeking professional help has been Woods' most revealing response in the two months since Jupiter police say they found him asleep behind the wheel of his Mercedes-Benz on May 29 with unexplained bumper damage and two flat tires. At his Wednesday arraignment on the misdemeanor DUI charge, his lawyers could reveal whether he plans to take his case to trial or become Palm Beach County's most famous participant in the State Attorney's Office's first-time DUI offender diversion program.
»RELATED: The latest headlines on Tiger Woods' DUI arrest
The program, which comes with a 12-month probation term, would save him from a DUI conviction but requires conditions some local attorneys say are too strenuous for his case. Or Woods could take the case to trial and hope a jury acquits him. Or he can hope that his attorney, Douglas Duncan, can otherwise work out a deal with prosecutors that will keep him from either outcome.
Whatever Woods decides, West Palm Beach defense attorney Jack Goldberger said, he will have to consider what impact his decision will have on his public image, which has already been tarnished by the 2007 incident where a golf club attack by his now former wife, Elin Woods, was linked to revelations that Tiger Woods was having multiple extramarital affairs.
"If I'm sitting across the table from him, I'm telling him to take it [the diversion program] and be done with it," Goldberger said. "Because he's in the public eye, every hearing, every thing he does, will bring more attention. And his children are old enough now that they'll understand what's going on."
Palm Beach County State Attorney Dave Aronberg instituted the first-time DUI offender program four years ago as an attempt to cut the backlog of DUI cases in the court system and give first-time offenders a chance to keep a DUI conviction off their records. As part of the program, participants must attend a DUI school, perform community service, undergo random drug testing and agree to have an interlock device installed on their cars.
In exchange, prosecutors agree to drop the DUI charges and allow participants to plead guilty to a reckless driving charge and have a judge withhold a finding of guilt so they can later expunge the case from their records.
Goldberger, whose clientele has included well-heeled defendants such as billionaire sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, says many celebrities like Woods would opt for such a program to resolve their cases as discreetly as possible.
Woods' celebrity made his arrest the subject of local and national headlines. Other celebrities residing in Palm Beach County who have recently faced the same fate are NFL Hall of Fame linebacker Lawrence Taylor, who pleaded guilty on June 19 to a DUI charge resulting from a Sept. 2, 2016 car crash near Palm Beach Gardens, and tennis star Venus Williams, who was involved in a fatal car crash on June 9 in Palm Beach Gardens. Williams was not charged with any infraction but has been sued for wrongful death by the family of 78-year-old Jerome Barson, who died from his injuries in the crash.
Tiger Woods, center, seen in a still photograph from a Jupiter Police Department dash cam video, as he is arrested after failing a field sobriety test on May 28, 2017, in Jupiter, Florida. (Jupiter Police Department)
Palm Beach Post Staff Writer
Despite Woods' fame, West Palm Beach defense attorney Barry Paul thinks he should turn down the first-time DUI program and take his case to trial. Though Paul said he likes the local prosecutors' program , he rarely advises people in Woods' situation to take it.
Dashboard cam footage released by Jupiter police showed Woods unsteady on his feet and his eyes closed when police conducted the roadside sobriety test the morning he was arrested. Palm Beach County sheriff's deputies released a second video showing Woods taking two Breathalyzer tests at the Palm Beach County jail. Although his test results showed a 0.00 percent blood alcohol content both times, the video showed he fumbled saying his own name and appeared to lean over as if he was falling asleep while waiting to take the test.
Although those videos may not play well in front of a jury, Paul said he thinks Woods could make strong arguments, as he did shortly after his arrest, that his demeanor was a result of accidental, and involuntary, side effects from medicines that were prescribed for him after he had back surgery in April.
Woods has nothing to lose by going to trial, Paul said. Even if a jury were to convict Woods, Paul believes he likely would get the same year-long term of probation that he would have to serve in the diversion program.
"For Tiger, what's the risk? What does he care if he has a DUI on his record or not?" Paul said, adding of a potential DUI conviction. "If I'm an over-the-road (truck) driver, that's a bad thing. If I'm Tiger Woods, not so much."
Of the diversion program, Paul said his clients find it a burden to outfit their cars for three to six months with an in-car Breathalyzer that requires them to blow into a tube that checks blood alcohol content every time they get behind the wheel.
Brian Gabriel, another defense attorney who specializes in DUI cases, also said shortly after Woods' arrest that he should go to trial and try for an acquittal, but last week Gabriel said he was no longer so sure.
Under the terms of the diversion program, Woods will have to let prosecutors know by the time of his arraignment Wednesday whether he will participate or not. Duncan in late May waived Woods' appearance at court hearings, but he will have to appear in court if he plans to enter a guilty or no contest plea before Palm Beach County Judge Sandra Bosso-Pardo. He, of course, also would have to appear in court if the case were to go to trial.
Gabriel, who has no involvement in Woods case, says it's possible that prosecutors and Duncan have already worked out a deal. If Woods has already started working on some of the conditions of the program, then it's possible the parties can come to court Wednesday and allow Woods to enter a guilty or no contest plea so he wouldn't have to return to court again as long as he completed the program.
As for his future in golf, Woods had tweeted just days before his arrest that he was looking forward to competing again professionally once he healed from his most recent back surgery.
Paul says no matter his intentions for the golf course, it's unlikely Woods' DUI charge will have him making many courtroom appearances.
"Even if he goes to trial, I wouldn't be going back to court for multiple hearings," Paul said. "I'd set the trial for next month and just get to it, and either way it goes he can get it over with and move on."
West Perth property vacancies increasing post boom as some cafes struggle to stay afloat
Updated
West Perth become the mecca for junior miners and engineering outfits during the resources boom but it is now a far cry from the busy hub it once was.
Almost a fifth of West Perth offices are now lying empty and property expert Gavin Hegney believes it is set to worsen.
"It's almost like a ghost town at different times, there's been a massive turnaround in the West Perth market," he said.
"We're probably seeing a vacancy rate around 15 to 16 per cent and trending up so, we're probably going to head over 20 per cent within the next 12 months."
The district was the go-to suburb for smaller miners either unwilling to rent or unable to afford real estate in Perth's CBD.
But a slow down in mining activity and collapsing commodity prices has caused many to either fall out the market or downsize to suburbs further from Perth.
Downturn taking toll on local businesses
It is taking a toll on local businesses now facing fewer customers each day.
Food Store Cafe manager Annette Carone said business had completely changed since she and her partner took over the cafe three years ago.
"It's really unpredictable at the moment and we just do what we can to stay afloat really," she said.
"You've just got to try and pay your bills and wages and just get by each week basically.
"We've had whole office buildings that were regular customers leave. They've either moved out of West Perth because their office has gotten smaller or they've moved somewhere else or complete shutdowns."
Just down the road at Epic Espresso, Chris Harle echoed the same concerns.
"It has slowed down significantly, some days are better than others but it has slowed down.
"We used to have massive groups of people that used to belong to certain companies, they obviously don't come in anymore because they've gone out of business."
Property experts said the West Perth office market would continue to struggle because the stock was looking tired with plenty of newer options coming online in Perth's CBD.
Mr Hegney said landlords would have to re-invent in their offering if they were to stay in business long term.
"They have to make them look better to attract the tenants that are in the marketplace, it's a competitive market and to compete you have to be good," he said.
"I think you're going to see more residential creep in, so it's going to become a more mixed-use area, so you're going to see new buildings and refurbishment of old buildings to make the area a bit better.
"So almost a renovation on West Perth is needed to bring some appeal and life back to the West Perth precinct."
Topics: urban-development-and-planning, west-perth-6005
First posted
FINANCE MINISTER MICHAEL Noonan greeted today's conclusion of the final troika bailout review as a ‘red letter day' for the country — but the message this afternoon from the IMF's Ireland Mission Chief was that they're not going anywhere right away.
Speaking to reporters on a conference call from Washington, Craig Beaumont said that under the terms of the programme, Ireland could be paying money back to the International Monetary Fund until “December 2023,” although he noted that was the “outer limit” agreed.
And asked whether he had a “message for the country” as the 15 December date for Ireland's exit of the bailout approached, Beaumont took the opportunity to remind everyone that the Fund would still be conducting six monthly ‘visits' with the Government to discuss policies.
“The only thing that will be different is that there not be an assessment,” Beaumont said.
“We will be here every six months in a completely normal fashion”.
Beaumont stressed that there were no immediate plans to pull officials out of the country after mid-December, saying that in many cases when a country exits a programme, a team remains “for a number of years”.
Assessment
The overall feedback from the Washington-based organisation chimed with the language of the Government here: Ireland remains “on track” and “on profile”.
Beaumont said the Irish programme was one that “will become an example that we learn from in the future” and that the country would be regaining access to the markets “on good terms”.
In terms of the negatives, he said growth was “not what we could call an achievement of the programme,” and that “it has, in fact disappointed original programme projections”.
However he noted: “We have to take into account that the external environment was much worse than anticipated”.
Arrears
Beaumont said more efforts needed to be made to address the mortgages arrears and unemployment crises.
“We flagged before the issue where we would identify that progress hasn't been quite as fast as we would like is the area of dealing with mortage arrears and dealing with non-performing loans more broadly.
“This is not owing to lack of effort. There was a large investment in time and effort in making the bankruptcy regime more workable, and that's now up and running.
“There was also effort to remove unintended barriers to repossession of housing — which is a last resort position, but it's important that households know that there is ultimately a consequence for running prolonged arrears.
He pointed to a “wait and see” attitude from households and from banks and said that could be factored contributing to the problem.
Beaumont said that unemployment was the “main challenge” faced by the Government as the bailout programme came to an end, and said that existing schemes aimed at retraining those who were long-term unemployed should be “implemented vigorously”.
Additional credit
On the subject of whether the country should make use of a precautionary line of credit, the Mission Chief wouldn't be drawn on a definitive view:
“We did discuss Ireland's exit strategy during the mission. We've expressed our view that it's not uncommon for a county to have a backstop in place.”
However, he said the decision “remains in the hands of Irish authorities”.
For the love of God, I honestly do not know how much longer I can date. It is required of course because I want to meet someone, but with each bad date I am one step closer to channeling my inner lesbian and dating women, or perhaps just getting a box of chocolate, a cat, and calling it a day. Are all single men my age group stupid? Are men so clueless that they believe lies will not catch up with them eventually?
I only date Jewish men. I write about it, talk about it, clearly state it in my online dating profile, and if people know anything about me at all, it is that Jewish is my thing. Being Jewish is how I define myself. It shapes my worldview, role as a mother, and connection to God. I love religion and believethat life is easier when you have faith, and faith does not need to be based in religion. It is just a belief in something.
I have faith in people, in myself, in the future, and in the lessons of the past. I define my faith through Judaism because it is where I am most comfortable, my most authentic self, and my happiest. Both of my parents are Jewish and even though I was born into this religion, as an adult I choose to be Jewish not because it is my only option, but because it is in my heart. Say what you want about me, but don't mess with faith.
I have seen all kinds of lying on my dating journey. Men have lied about their height, weight, age, job, children, and marital status. I have learned to laugh at it most of the time, but it is frustrating, hurts my feelings, and frankly, pisses me off. There is simply no reason to lie. If you want to just get laid, are married, are a hobbit, or make minimum wage, there is someone out there who will love you, so be honest and you find that person.
I was written to this week by a man who is 52, works in real estate, is divorced with 1 grown child, and listed his religion as “spiritual but not religious”. I don't need to be at the same level of observance as someone I am dating, but I do want them to be Jewish. I asked this man if he was Jewish, as I clearly state it is important to me, and he told me that he was in fact a Jew. He said he was not religious, but raised Jewish.
We met for a drink and he was lovely. He was charming and super funny, with a wickedly sarcastic sense of humor, which I love. After about an hour, we were having a great time, had chemistry, and were very comfortable. We ordered another drink and settled into a rhythm as we got to know each other. It was then that he told me he had a confession to make. I should have seen it coming, but I didn't, so I told him to share.
He told me he thought I was great, did not expect us to get along so good, thought I was prettier than my pictures, quick witted, and both conservative, yet a little wild. He said that he felt there was something worth pursuing between us, and in the interest of full disclosure, he wanted me to know that he was not really Jewish. He just said he was because he did not think it would be a big deal if things were good between us.
Really? We are going to lie about God now? Of all the things men lie about, I now need to add religion to the list? Had he written me and said he was not Jewish, but felt we should meet anyway, I would have politely turned him down. My mother always told me not to play with matches unless I was prepared to deal with a fire, so I don't put myself in a position where I might be faced with a fire. I am not a bad person, I'm just really honest.
I could write all day about faith and what it means to me, but this is not about faith, it is about men lying. Stop. I know that women lie too and I am certainly not implying that they don't, but come on. Saying you are Jewish to meet someone is lame. I would have found out. Lucky for him and his penis that he came clean and I didn't find out while the gold cross he wears on a gold chain was dangling above me and waving between my boobs.
That would have resulted in a little thing us Jews like to call circumcision. Oy dear! I thanked him for telling me truth, and was gracious and kind. By gracious of course I mean I told him it was a douchebag move. I also told him that while I was flattered, I was also horrified by the lie. My quest continues and I will keep calm and hope it gets better. I will find my prince eventually, and he will be Jewish, so I am keeping the faith.
https://twitter.com/realilanaangel
http://www.facebook.com/IlanaAngelBlogs
Election season is unofficially underway, meaning that Canadians will soon be bombarded with new policies, platforms, and promises on a daily basis. Many of those election staples, it appears, will be shaped around an increasingly popular buzzword: fact-based policy.
On the surface, basing policy on facts seems like a good thing. Actually, it seems like the only way policy should ever really be constructed. Fantasy-based policy sounds like a good idea until you really start down the rabbit hole.
But here's the problem; while it's clear that the federal Conservatives have an aversion, bordering on phobia, to facts, it is important to understand that all political parties cherry pick facts and slant issues to their advantage.
Take supply management. While protecting good ol' Canadian dairy farmers seems like a smart idea on the surface, you would be hard pressed to find a single independent economist who doesn't think it's a bad idea. It drives up prices for consumers, limits choice, and artificially constrains the industry, all to placate a few strategic votes. So why do all three federal parties support if they're so fond of facts?
Facts are also disappearing in the uproar over the end of home delivery at Canada Post. Opposition parties are seizing the opportunity to stand up for every little old lady who will have to now walk to the mailbox, but what about the millions of Canadian homes that have never received home delivery? Are their old ladies not important? Does the fact that mail volumes are rapidly declining not play into the equation at all?
The problem with facts is that very few are absolute, and many contradict each other. It is the job of politicians to consider policy goals, which sometimes ride against the flow of facts, when making decisions.
The Internet also confuses the line between fact and fiction, which has reared its ugly head most recently with the rise of the anti-vax movement. We also claim that our scientists are the guardians of facts, yet despite the fact a recent Pew Research study found that 88 per cent of them say GMO foods are perfectly safe, millions of Canadians share Facebook conspiracy theories every day about the latest Monsanto plot to take over the world. The same study found that 87 per cent of scientists is confident that climate change is man made. Are these the same scientists we don't believe about GMOs, or is this a different group — one not part of an evil plot?
It's easy to misunderstand what represents a fact. Pluto was a planet when I was a kid, then it wasn't, now apparently it is again. Who knows? This doesn't excuse the muzzling of scientists or validate any of the Conservatives' own baffling decisions, however. Most economists still shake their heads over the GST cut as a's a terribly inefficient way to cut taxes, for example.
Ultimately, a party must be able to justify its decisions to the public in some way, and all Canadian voters should be on the lookout for factual contortions in all party platforms.
The NDP wants to abolish the Senate even though the Supreme Court just ruled that can't be done without a new constitutional agreement with the provinces. Seems like fantasy to me, but none of this should prevent a party from proposing something that goes against established facts — so long as they can put forward justification for doing so.
That's what campaigns are all about: sorting through the facts and figures to find a better vision for Canada's future, not its present.
Spencer Callaghan is an Ottawa-based marketing and communications strategist at 31digital.ca.
Sharks' 10 and 12 sorted
Durban - Cell C Sharks Director of Rugby Jake White has identified his crucial flyhalf-inside centre combination and is expected to stick to his preferred candidates to take up this role in the Super Rugby campaign this year, reports Sharks website editor Michael Marnewick.
“Pat Lambie will play at flyhalf for 80 minutes of every game,” he explains without hesitation, “and Frans Steyn will play 12 for me. It gives Pat Lambie a massive amount of confidence having Frans play beside him.”
Lambie has played a lot at fullback - especially for the Springboks - but White feels Lambie is best suited to flyhalf (also because he has many other fullback options) and together with Steyn at 12, the pair could form a formidable duo, taking confidence from each other and giving it right back again.
“We will play what's important for the Sharks. Not that we won't work together with anybody, but at the same time we have shareholders and stakeholders and supporters, and along with us as a group, there are expectations, we need to be true to them,” he points out. “We have a philosophy about how we want to play and if it means those two play next to each other for the whole season, then we will make them the best 10-12 combination in Super Rugby.”
Steyn comes back into the side following a difficult year in 2013, although it did culminate in Currie Cup success.
But White and Steyn go back a long way and this student-mentor partnership should truly blossom in 2014.
“I've known what makes Frans tick, since he was a schoolboy at Grey College; I know how he thinks,” White explains. “His whole life has changed, he has a child now, his value system has changed, and I'm sure that will have an impact on the way he plays and prepares.
“Last year he went through three coaches before the year ended. He likes stability, he likes to be guided without force. He is a prodigy, a sensational player, a freak. He was spoken about as the guy who could change rugby. That's what's so exciting. I've sat him down and told him I really need him to show everyone what I think he can do. That's important, because when he's next to Pat, you will see a much better Pat Lambie. He's still a work in progress. He came back here and had a knee op, so he's not 100% yet, but everyone knows what his 80% is and that's better than most people when they're 100%”
White declares himself happy with the preparations for the Super Rugby competition which gets going in just four weeks' time, explaining that: “Our pre-season is going well and one thing I've really enjoyed is working with the next group of players. It's not ideal not to have your Springboks there (they only returned in January), because you want to get hands on with those players for as long as possible, but it gave me opportunity to see what's in the pipeline, a chance to work with skills of players who don't get much training and coaching with the main group.
"It's also gone well from the point of view of those who have had rehab and surgery, in the off-season they have been looked after. As I speak we have 37 or 38 out of a squad of 40 players fit and available for selection for the first game which is obviously fantastic.”
Confirmation of those not yet available include SP Marais, Anton Bresler and Jacques Botes who are not yet 100% right. “They are all training, but not ready for a full contact game.”
Sport24
Earlier this year though, another photo of King Michael and his watch surfaced (courtesy of Deployant)– and this one was in color! The photo clearly shows the watch, which appears to be made of yellow or rose gold. Although some people might be disappointed that this isn't the totally insane two-tone watch that lore promised, this is still an extremely special watch. It's almost unheard of to find a 1518 with the original owner, much less an original owner who happens to be an intriguing European ex-royal. There's no question in my mind that this would still be a very big-dollar watch if it ever came up for sale. Let's remember that in November 2016, a yellow 1518 sold at Phillips for CHF 598,000 and a pink gold 1518 with an unusual magnifying crystal fetched CHF 1,474,000 in the same auction.
Story highlights A Vermont nurse paid for another table's meal at a diner after work
Almost 50 other diners at the restaurant kept the 'pay it forward' chain alive
Kathleen Connors says she didn't know her generosity would go so far
On a chilly morning in Barre, Vermont, a random act of kindness warmed the hearts of strangers and spurred another -- and another after that.
Kathleen Connors stopped at L&M Diner on Saturday after a 12-hour overnight shift at Central Vermont Medical Center, where she works as a surgical nurse.
"She got her usual breakfast," L&M manager Tayler Merriam told CNN. "Hot chocolate with extra whipped cream, a plain pancake and table syrup."
Connors got up to pay her bill, but instead of paying for just herself, she footed the bill for a nearby pair who appeared to be father and son, whom she didn't know.
"I was looking around aimlessly and I had a pocket full of bingo winnings," Connors said. "It's nice to see a family come together on the weekend."
After paying $40 for both meals, she got in her truck and went home without a thought. What she didn't know was that her generosity would be repeated -- 46 times -- in the span of 6 hours.
"It was a shocker," Merriam said, "It started at 7:30 in the morning and lasted until 10 (minutes) after 2, and we close at 3."
L&M Diner is a relatively small establishment. Housing just 13 booths and 11 seats at the counter, it's the type of joint that attracts local regulars.
Connors is a regular, and she's known around Barre for her "bubbly" personality and easygoing nature, according to Merriam.
"I see a lot of people in the restaurant business and she's one of those people you can carry on a conversation with," Merriam said.
Connors moved to Vermont 10 months ago after living in Massachusetts for the majority of her life.
She stops at L&M Diner about twice a week after her shifts at the hospital, just like she did Saturday.
"This is my way of showing my appreciation for Vermont. I love Vermont and I couldn't be happier. I love where I work, I love where I live and I love the people around me," Connors told CNN affiliate WCAX.
'How far can you bounce?': The extraordinary taunts of sick ghouls who jeered as a teenager leapt to his death
A jeering crowd taunted a suicidal teenager as he threatened to jump from the top of a city-centre car park.
In a shocking indictment of modern Britain, youths who gathered in the street below yelled at 17-year-old Shaun Dykes to kill himself over the course of three hours.
One allegedly shouted: 'How far can you bounce?'
Troubled: Shaun Dykes, 17, plunged to his death from a car park as a crowd of onlookers urged him to jump
The A-level student eventually plunged 60ft to his death after police negotiators tried in vain to talk him down.
In a final sickening act, some of those responsible for the abuse outside the Westfield shopping centre in Derby rushed from behind the police cordon to take pictures of the teenager's body on their mobile phones.
Yesterday police branded the mob's behaviour at the scene of Saturday's tragedy a 'shocking reflection on society'.
Horrifying end: Friends describe Shaun as funny and popular
Superintendent Andy Hough, of Derbyshire police, said he was 'disturbed' by some of the comments aimed at the teenager, who is believed to have suffered from depression and also to have been upset at the breakdown of a relationship.
People were at the police cordon shouting for the man to jump,' Superintendent Hough said.
'I find it a disturbing and shocking reflection on society when people feel inclined to do that.
'Negotiators were working with the man threatening to jump and it was their job to talk to him in the hope of changing his mind.
'We really need the public to work with us, not against us. It was a very disappointing situation.'
Shaun, from Kilburn, near Derby, had climbed over a railing on the top floor of the car park, which is above the busy shopping mall.
Police cordoned off the pavement on the car park side, but pedestrians were still able to walk down the opposite pavement, and crowds formed.
A shopkeeper who witnessed the incident said groups of youths were responsible for shouting at Shaun as he was sitting on the edge of the roof.
'Quite a few people were hanging around watching what was happening and the police were telling them to move on,' he said.
'Most just stopped for a few minutes and then left.
'But there were some people shouting things like "Jump" and "Get on with it!" They were teenagers with nothing better to do who seemed to think it was funny.
Death plunge: The Westfield shopping centre multi-storey car park in Derby from which Shaun fell
'When he fell, lots of people were screaming and crying but there were several groups of youths who ran from behind the cordon and looked like they were taking pictures with their mobile phones.
'I found that sickening - why would anyone want to take pictures of something like that?'
The Mayor of Derby, Councillor Barbara Jackson, called on the those responsible for goading Shaun to 'learn some respect', while the Bishop of Derby, the Rt Rev Dr Alastair Redfern, said he was 'horrified'.
Mike Shewan, chief executive of Derbyshire Mental Health Services NHS Trust, said: 'We can't condemn this sort of behaviour strongly enough.
'No one knows what was going on in his head, but encouraging him to jump is so wrong. It is hindering the police and the people who care from doing their job.'
Yesterday Shaun's parents, who are separated, were too distraught to talk about their only child.
His mother, Joy, lives with partner Kevin Lacey in Kilburn. He said Shaun would be 'so sadly missed'.
Flowers and tributes were left at the spot where he died.
Tribute: Friends and family have left flowers and cards at the tragic scene
Lindsey Reid, 17, Shaun's best friend, said: 'He was the joker and smiled all the time. He was so funny and everyone knew him because he was so popular.'
On his MySpace web page, the teenager said he hoped to work in accounting, and that he wanted to die 'quietly' when the time came.
The former John Flamsteed School pupil was studying at the Heanor Gate Science College, in Heanor, Derbyshire.
Heanor Gate head teacher Rob Howard said some students who had witnessed the tragedy were being offered counselling.
He added: 'At least one of our students also witnessed the shocking encouragement of Shaun to jump and was both horrified and angry.
'I sometimes wonder what value some people put on human life.'
Mr Howard said Shaun had ' personal issues' out of school.
Derbyshire police referred Shaun's death to the Independent Police Complaints Commission, which has decided not to investigate.
Officers will carry out their own inquiry and an inquest will be held later.
A force spokesman said: 'A small minority of onlookers - mainly other youths - were the ones shouting the abuse. It is a very sad state of affairs.'
He had no knowledge of anybody taking pictures of Shaun after he fell and said the cordon was designed to restrict access to the street, whilst 'minimising disruption for shoppers'.
Nobody was likely to be arrested as a result of the abuse directed at Shaun, he added.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Ishihara says he wants to protect 'Japanese' territory
Tokyo's governor Shintaro Ishihara is resigning to form a new national political party, ahead of expected general elections in Japan.
"As of today, I will resign as the Tokyo governor," he told reporters.
The 80-year-old, serving his fourth term as governor, is known for making provocative comments.
Earlier this year, he sparked off a row when he said he would use public money to buy a group of islands at the centre of a dispute between China and Japan.
The novelist-turned-politician, who began his current term as governor only last April, said he wants to return to national politics.
He said he would be founding a party with other right-wing politicians to challenge the two dominant parties in polls that must be called by the end of next year.
He blamed Japan's current economic and political problems on the government and compared the administration to the rule of the shogun, referring to the hereditary commanders-in-chief in feudal Japan.
"We must change the inflexible rule of the central government bureaucrats," Mr Ishihara said.
'Big contradictions'
Earlier reports had said Mr Ishihara was aiming to form a group large enough to challenge the two established parties - the ruling Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) and the opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) - at the next elections.
Japan-China disputed islands Image copyright AFP Image caption Ties between Japan and China have been repeatedly strained by a territorial row over rocky islands The archipelago consists of five islands and three reefs
Japan, China and Taiwan claim them; they are controlled by Japan and form part of Okinawa prefecture
Japanese businessman Kunioki Kurihara owns three of the islands, which he rents out to the Japanese state
The islands were the focus of a major diplomatic row between Japan and China in 2010 Q&A: China-Japan islands row Profile: Shintaro Ishihara
But the reports in the Japanese media had not suggested that Mr Ishihara would quit his role as governor - one he has come to own.
He said he saw ''several contradictions, big contradictions'' in national politics.
"One contradiction, bigger than anything, is the Japanese constitution, which was imposed by the [post-WWII US] occupying army, and is rendered in ugly Japanese," he said.
He is demanding the repeal of pacifist clauses in Japan's constitution, which restricts the activities of the country's armed forces.
The BBC's Charles Scanlon says Shintaro Ishihara has long been Japan's most outspoken and confrontational politician.
He has consistently antagonised China, and provoked the crisis in relations this year with his plan to buy and develop a group of disputed islands, our correspondent says.
Foreign policy analyst Tomohiko Taniguchi told the BBC that one of Mr Ishihara's aims might be "to push his party and himself to a position pivotal enough to change the course of coalition-building in Japan".
"Japan's political landscape will therefore look more confrontational between the left - which is also friendlier to Beijing - and the right, [which] takes [the] national interest [and] national security more highly than the left," Prof Taniguchi said.
China ties
Ahead of the elections the DPJ is seeing its support plummeting. Earlier this week, approval ratings for the government slipped below 20% for the first time, Japanese media reported.
Meanwhile, the opposition LDP chose former PM Shinzo Abe as its new leader last month, potentially positioning him to become the next prime minister.
Ties between Tokyo and Beijing remain severely strained by a row over a group of islands both claim - known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China.
Tension flared again when Mr Ishihara said he wanted to buy the islands in April. In September, the Japanese government confirmed its purchase of the disputed islands from private owners.
Japanese ministers said the move prevented ties from worsening with China - which was certain to happen if Mr Ishihara had succeeded in buying the islands.
On Thursday, four Chinese surveillance ships were seen near the islands, the Japanese coastguard said, prompting Japan to lodge a diplomatic protest with China. China confirmed the vessels were in the area but said they were on routine patrol.
Now-a-days it is hard to find a physical COM port in laptops and fast disappearing in desktops, it will be convenient for the embedded developers to have an on-chip USB interface. The LPC1768 has a USB device interface and this example will enable the user to make it as a virtual COM port.
USB:
Universal serial Bus (USB), a connection technology for attaching peripheral devices to a computer, providing fast data exchange. USB connects more than computers and peripherals. USB gives you a single, standardized, easy-to-use way to connect up to 127 devices to a computer.
Interfacing USB:
Below figure shows how to interface the USB to microcontroller. The USB is a 4 wire bus that supports communication between a host and a number (127 max.) of peripherals. In USB data cable Data+ and Data- signals are transmitted on a twisted pair. No termination needed. Half-duplex differential signaling helps to combat the effects of electromagnetic noise on longer lines. Contrary to popular belief, D+ and D- operate together; they are not separate simplex connections.
Fig. 1: Block Diagram Of USb Interfacing Microcontroller For Virtual Comport
Interfacing USB with LPC2148:
The LPC1768 controller enables 12 Mb/s data exchange with a USB host controller. It consists of register interface, serial interface engine, endpoint buffer memory and DMA controller. The input, output signals and a USB Bus are used to connect with controller. The LPC2148 controller read the USB voltage as power supply for controlling peripherals without having an external voltage. The LPC1768 USB takes supply voltage either from USB or external power supply by using a Jumper connection.
Circuit Diagram to Interface USB 2.0 with LPC1768:
Fig. 2: Circuit Diagram To Interface USB 2.0 Virtual Comport With LPC1768
To build this example, first download and extract the quick start code base.
Windows will ask for a driver the first time the device is used. The .inf file needed is in the library folder itself.
Fig. 3: Searching For Driver In Windows
Fig. 4: Browsing Driver Software In Windows
Windows 7 lacks terminal software. So, you'll have to use a third party terminal software like, Arduino comport and putty. Whatever you may use you will need to know what number is assigned to the LPC1768 COM port. This can be seen in the Device manager.
Fig. 5: Number Assigned To LPC1768 COM Port Seen In Device Manager
As seen above, COM14 is what we will need to use for communicating with LPC1768 and USB-Serial converter is connected in COM6.
Working:
The USB and the UART-Serial are connected to the system, then two terminal software are opened for each separately. Here we are using putty and the Arduino IDE terminal software.
Fig. 6: Putty And Arduino IDE Terminal Software Window For Serial Communication
Any data entered to the COM6 will be reflected in the COM14 and vice versa.
Fig. 7: USB Virtual Comport Using LPC1768 Prototype
Now here is a move that nobody expected.
It was reported this afternoon by multiple sources, including Adam Schefter, that the Jets have come to terms with Willie Colon, offensive tackle recently released by the Pittsburgh Steelers. The terms are for one year, $1.2 million.
The Jets are very thin at offensive line, with the likelihood of two starting guards, Matt Slauson and Brandon Moore. There is a desperate need at guard, and Willie Colon, flying under the radar, may just be the guy to fit that bill.
He is a local guy, growing up in the Bronx, and should have some mileage left in tank at only 29 years old.
The switch to guard was recent, as Colon has spent most of his career as an offensive tackle. The obvious question would be regarding how he will perform as a starting guard. Well, if you look at how he performed per Pro Football Focus, he will be fine.
Was his overall grade high? No, only a 1.3. But, who would expect him to put up Hall of Fame numbers immediately after changing positions. So, you have to look at that fact with a grain of salt. But what DOES stick out, is that if you run through his grades in each element, he was at or near positive. The only exception was penalties, but that should improve as Colon gets more comfortable in his spot.
For $1.2 million, John Idzik and company have replaced a starting offensive guard. Excellent job guys. Keep it up.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Indonesia has some of the world's harshest drug trafficking penalties
Indonesian President Joko Widodo says foreign nations should not interfere in his country's right to use the death penalty.
He is under pressure from the leaders of Australia, Brazil and France, whose citizens are among 11 people facing death for drug trafficking.
Mr Widodo restated that the executions by firing squad would go ahead.
Earlier, a Jakarta court threw out an appeal by two Australians against their presidential clemency rejections.
Indonesia has some of the world's harshest drug trafficking penalties. It resumed executions in 2013 after a four year moratorium and new leader Mr Widodo is taking a much tougher stance on the issue.
In January, six traffickers - including five foreign nationals - were executed. A second round of executions involving 11 people is expected in coming days.
'No right to rule'
Mr Widodo told reporters that "there shouldn't be any intervention towards the death penalty because it is our sovereign right to exercise our law".
Several nations have spoken out against the move in recent days, however.
One Brazilian is among the second group and last week, Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff delivered a diplomatic snub by rejecting the credentials of the Indonesian ambassador to Brazil.
France summoned Indonesia's ambassador last week to voice its "extreme concern" over the fate of one of its nationals, Serge Atlaoui.
Australian authorities have also launched a major diplomatic campaign for the lives of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, the ringleaders of the Bali Nine group of drug smugglers.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Myuran Sukumaran (L) and Andrew Chan (R) were due to be sent to the execution site this month
Who are the Bali Nine?
The eight men and one woman were arrested in April 2005 at an airport and hotel in Bali, Indonesia after a tip-off from Australian police. They were trying to carry 8.3kg (18lb) of heroin back to Australia.
In 2006 a court ruled that Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran had recruited the others and paid their costs. They were sentenced to death.
The other seven are serving sentences of between 20 years and life, after some had death sentences revoked on appeal.
Chan and Sukumaran have repeatedly appealed against their sentences and say they are reformed characters - Chan teaches Bible and cookery classes in prison while Sukumaran is an artist.
Who are Chan and Sukumaran?
Prime Minister Tony Abbott caused an uproar last week when he said Indonesia should remember the A$1bn ($0.78bn: £0.5bn) provided in aid by Australia after the 2004 tsunami.
The comments were seen as a threat by the political rank and some of the general public in Indonesia.
Sukumaran and Chan, who are also in the second group, were arrested for trying to traffic heroin out of Bali in 2005.
Responding to their latest challenge, Judge Hendro Puspito said the court had no jurisdiction to overrule the president's decision to not grant clemency, which is considered the final word in such matters.
"Clemency is the prerogative of the president... the state administrative court has no right to rule on the challenge."
He said they had 14 days to lodge an appeal. Their lawyers said they would pursue that avenue.
With seemingly everyone convinced that the tech industry is currently experiencing a bubble, and more and more every day appearing certain that the pop is imminent, The Wall Street Journal is now reporting on the latest metric by which we can gauge how close we are to the edge of financial ruin: Sales of ping pong tables. Apparently, the paper argues, the humble ping pong table is the must-have feature of tech offices nationwide, and the sale of the tables — or corresponding lack thereof — correlates with the health of the industry overall. And guess what, kiddos: Sales are bad.
“Last year, the first quarter was hot” for sales, Simon Ng, who owns San Jose's Billiard Wholesale, explained to the paper. Now, however, “there's a general slowdown.”
Ng isn't the only one who believes there is some sort of relationship between table sports and technology industry growth. Russell Hancock of Joint Venture Silicon, a company that tracks economic trends, sees something there as well. Buying a ping pong table “tracks most closely with startups that hit that threshold where they're taking out office space,” he told the paper. “That's when you're going to get your first ping-pong table.”
Ng told the Journal that Yahoo, which is reportedly laying off chunks of its workforce, hasn't purchased tables "in a looong time." Intel, which just last month announced it would cut 12,000 jobs, also stopped buying tables a while ago. Google, on the other hand, has kept the orders coming.
Maybe, however, the companies have simply already purchased all the tables they need? Regardless, the good folks at Yahoo want everyone to know that their company is still a fun place to work. “I can assure you that people are still playing ping pong at Yahoo,” Yahoo spokesperson Carolyn Clark told the paper. Whether or not that means anything for a company that has struggled in recent years to find its footing is anyone's guess. And anyway, there's a different indicator that, according to venture capitalist Joseph Floyd, works better than table tennis: "You could probably track Odwalla juices.”
Related: SoMa Corner Billboard Becomes Oracle Of Tech Bubbles Past And Present
At Tokyo Game Show 2012, Square Enix announced Kingdom Hearts for PC Browsers, an upcoming social web browser game with a tentative title. Since then, some screenshots and information has been released, but we still know relatively little about the title.
Today, we have discovered that Korean publication INews24 have published some information about the game. The game, which they refer to as "Kingdom Hearts online game", is being developed by a Korean studio known as "Studio EX", which was recently acquired by Disney. Series director Tetsuya Nomura mentioned in October that the game was being developed externally, so this checks out.
The article also mentions that the title is expected to become multi-platform, and released on smartphones as well as on the web browser. We have obtained a direct translation of the relevant part of the article, thanks to kalnet from KH13, and this translation can be read below.
The survey, carried out by the Thomas Reuters Foundation in the G20 (the 20 largest industrialized and developing economies in the world), shows that only 21 percent of German women thought having children would not damage their careers.
Only Japan scored lower, with a paltry 17 percent of women saying they wouldn't be held back by having a family.
Globally the proportion of women who said they could manage career and family at once was 47 percent of the 9,500 respondents in the survey.
Thirty-seven percent of German women said they believed having children would harm their careers, while 46 conceded they think men have better access to the job market.
Additionally, only one in five believe they get the same wage for the same amount of work as men do.
DON'T MISS: German women earn 21.6 percent less than men
The results of the survey stands in contrast to Germany's strong level of female employment. At 72 percent, it is the second highest in the G20, second only to Canada.
Progress too slow
But the high level of female employment is misleading, Alexa Wolfstädter, expert in gender policy at trade union Verdi, told The Local.
"One must look more closely at the number of women in employment: only a little more than half are in full time work. The other half work part time or in mini-jobs."
Most women chose part time work because they have no other way of combining work and family, she explained.
"Either they don't have access to adequate daycare or the employer doesn't offer flexible working hours."
"Among highly qualified women, the majority put off having children to pursue their careers and then 40 percent decide not to have children at all," Wolfstädter said.
"This is especially true in west Germany, where it is clear that concerns over child care play a role."
The fact that this situation is improving at such a slow pace is what has led to the startling survey result, says Wolfstädter.
But she is optimistic that the situation will improve.
"In the future these values will develop in a positive direction, because the government has already passed a series of measures and is preparing others which head in this direction.
SEE ALSO: Women executive quota coming in 2016
"Employers are also realizing that in light of the lack of specialized workers, it makes sense to offer more family-friendly work conditions.“
Career and kids most manageable in developing world
Perhaps surprisingly, the most positive answers to the question of family and career came from women in developing economies.
In Brazil 74 percent of women said they could combine family and career, followed by Indonesia and South Africa, both 63 percent affirmative.
In France and Britain, on the other hand, women were more pessimistic, with 34 and 18 percent respectively saying kids wouldn't damage their careers.
World Bank expert Henriette Kolb told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ) that in developing countries women can rely more on the support of their relatives and that it is easier to hire domestic workers on low wages.
Have a listen to the second album from psych-rockers Toy and let us know your thoughts!
If Toy's self-titled debut album saw them hailed as key figures in the current psychedelia revival, then the five-piece will hope to Join the Dots helps them to break away from the mind-bending pack.
The album's titular track has already grabbed our attention, thanks in no small part to this thundering Leo Zero remix. Elsewhere, Endlessly is a good example of Toy doing what they do best, a space-rock work out that always favours melody over noodly indulgence.
You can pre-order Join the Dots here – but if you can't wait for the release date then have a listen to the album on our stream below and let us know your thoughts in the comments!
Reading on mobile? Click to listen
click to enlarge Photo courtesy Gov. Snyder's office
'A motley assortment of Grand Rapids-area legislators resembling a rural PTA.' (Click to see larger version.)
They say a picture is worth 1,000 words.And if you're the embattled governor with more than 500,000 people demanding your arrest, you'd probably think long and hard about what any picture of you expresses.Well, that's what you'd, anyway.After all, take a look at the latest photo opportunity from the Snyder administration. It was the signing of a bill appropriating $28 million in short-term aid for the people of Flint.Unless you've been living under a rock in the U.P., you're aware that decisions made by a Snyder-appointed emergency manager led to the city's water being poisoned with lead, and the city's infrastructure being damaged, perhaps permanently.Needless to say, offering funding to deal with this man-made problem should be an excellent opportunity for the governor to rehabilitate his image as a bean-counting skinflint. He couldn't pick a better time to demonstrate to the overwhelmingly poor, majority black citizens of Flint that he cares, that he is contrite, and that, good to his word, he will do what it takes to “fix” the problem.So take a look at this photo, which Michigan Radio has credited to Gov. Snyder's office , and tell me how it isn't a PR disaster.First of all, why are these people smiling? You'd think their faces should show stolid determination to help the people of Flint. Instead, they're grinning as though the event were Snyder's birthday party, and the bill a gift to him.Second, why the heck was this event held in Grand Rapids, 100 miles away from Flint?Then there's the motely assortment of Republican legislators gathered around the governor. As far as we can tell, the only legislators from southeastern Michigan were Rep. Martin Howrylak (Troy, Clawson) and Rep. Kathy Crawford (Novi).So who are those other legislators, particularly the ones who make it look like the meeting of a rural PTA? (For instance, that's Rep. Holly Hughes in the ill-fitting, bright blue suit, and Rep. Phil Potvin in the circa-1977 used-car-salesman polyester number.)Well, you can't see all of them, but they are mostly republican state senators and representatives from Kent County and an arc of counties north, west, and south of there. (In other words, districts even more distant than the Grand Rapids location.)There are some outliers we can identify, among them Kevin Cotter, who, as house speaker, probably has to be present. But what is the preposterously plaid Potvin doing there? His district is up in Wexford, Osceola, and Mecosta counties. Also, he's got to be the last person you'd want at a press conference earmarking money for an environmentally damaged public water system. Why is that? Well, Progress Michigan reported that Potvin was caught dumping toxic pollutants into the ground in Wexford County , right in his own district. And that district includes Nestlé's Ice Mountain Bottling Plant. Isn't that a liability, given the way Nestlé's former CEO once called the idea that “as a human being you should have a right to water” “extreme”?Not that Gov. Snyder is necessarily guilty by his association with his own legislators, but … wouldn't you want at least a 10-foot pole between you and Potvin while signing a bill helping the very people whose water was poisoned by people you appointed, answerable only to you?Compounding my surprise, didn't Gov. Snyder just hire two public relations companies to help him with this PR pileup? How could any PR professional allow a tone-deaf press photo like this to have been contemplated — let alone staged, shot, and released to the public? You might as well release a photo of the Hindenburg crashing.I was so flummoxed by this disastrous photo that I got into a conversation about it with Detroit-based public relations professional David Rudolph. He's bent our ear from time to time, and he's a PR guy who believes he and his clients should be accountable and truthful, “even when it hurts.” He said the photo was a classic case of “how to make a horrible situation look worse.”“Here's how it should have gone down,” he said. “Sign the bill in Flint with the mayor, with community folks, and wrap yourself with the people you are trying to help.”It's good advice, and you wonder if the governor has been pitched the idea. And bear in mind, Rudolph is a black Republican who not only supports Snyder but knows him personally.“I would advise the governor your new working office is in Flint,” Rudolph says. “Show these people you mean it by moving every department having a hand in fixing the problem [to] Flint. This is not brain surgery: Do the right thing and let people see you care and feel their pain. His daily briefing reports should start with the state of Flint.”Even though I'm anything but a Snyder supporter, Rudolph's remarks resonated with me. I certainly expected a much tighter PR game from Snyder, especially given the way he's brought in consultants.Which calls for just a little more Monday-morning quarterbacking.First of all, maybe Snyder is simply too used to the executive culture of being a private sector CEO. The maladroit handling of this press conference suggests that only yes-men are penetrating his inner circle.Also, he really must be tone-deaf to go through with this cheery dog-and-pony show, let alone to utter words such as this: “I always try to think about the person in Flint that can't use the water coming out of the tap and what their life's like and how they're in a worse place than I am.” (“A worse place than I am”? That's contrition?)Finally, there's the possibility that the photo is exactly what it appears to be: Michigan's GOP legislators, particularly on the west side of the state, circling their wagons and playing exclusively to their constituencies. In which case, it means they wrote off the poor people of Flint months ago.Frankly, that's the scariest prospect of all: that Snyder and company view this photo as an asset.If that's the case, the people in this photograph are far beyond the help of any PR agency.
Our culture offers up many purported role models for women. Sometimes it's celebrities, like singer Beyoncé, or Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai, or to some, political figures like Hillary Clinton.
But for Tina Hassannia, a writer and movie critic in Toronto, those examples never really clicked. What did provide Hassannia with an inspiring, empowering role model, was when she created Magaga Moonshadow, a half-elf rogue/thief in the world of Dungeons and Dragons.
Dungeons and Dragons is a team fantasy role-playing game, played mostly in the imagination, using characters created by the players.
After she wrote this piece, The 180's Jim Brown spoke with Hassannia on the connection between celebrity pop culture, icons of empowerment, and imaginary Dungeons and Dragons characters.
This interview has been edited for clarity and length
There are some stereotypes associated with Dungeons and Dragons. Nerds and guys and basements. And those stereotypes describe the opposite of a game that provides a source of feminist empowerment.
Right, however I think as nerd culture has become more mainstream, lots of women are starting to show their support and the fact that they themselves are nerds in many areas, whether it's Star Trek or playing Dungeons and Dragons, whatever it is they're nerdy about. They do exist, they just don't seem to dominate the public perception of nerd culture in the way that men do. Or boys do.
When you're playing Dungeons and Dragons, who are you?
Her name, or I guess my name, is Magaga Moonshadow. I used a D&D name generator to come up with that gem. My friends call me Lady Magaga, of course. I'm a half-elf rogue/thief, and I try to be a bit of a con artist in the game. And one thing that's really common with people who play role-playing games, is they try to make a composite character based on things and people they've seen in pop culture. So, I was thinking of female con artists and honestly I wasn't coming up with too many, so the only person that I really based my character on was Jean from The Lady Eve, which is an old Hollywood movie, and she's played by Barbara Stanwyck. So a little bit of that charm is in my character.
So compared to icons of female power that people put forward, what do you get out of creating this character that celebrity icons don't give you?
I think the interesting thing here is we are entering a new age of feminism, and we have so many role models for women to look up to. There are so many women out there that we can look up to, but so many of them are tied to values that are honourable.
I think female empowerment is more than just looking up to a woman that's good, it also means coming up with your own character and experimenting with different roles and ideas and attitudes and behaviours - Tina Hassania
They have intelligence and a nobility, and the things they do are just... good. They're trying to do good in the world. And what I am trying to do by playing D&D and playing this rogue/thief, is essentially trying out female characters that may not exist, or if they do exist, are scarcely available in our pop culture. I think female empowerment is more than just looking up to a woman that's good, it also means coming up with your own character and experimenting with different roles and ideas and attitudes and behaviours and maybe being naughty once in a while.
And if you look at pop culture in general, men tend to have the more active roles, and they get to have more variety in the roles they get to play. Whereas women are assigned really narrow archetypal roles, like the mother or the slut or the shrew. And we've begun to change that, but I think that instead of passively watching a Beyonce video you can come up with your own idea and your own character and play it out in the safe confines of a basement with a few other people as well.
Does that teach you about yourself, when you're playing in the Dungeons and Dragons world?
And who would've thought that D&D would've shown me that, but it did. Cover art for an early Advanced Dungeons and Dragons module (Clyde Caldwell, cover for AD&D module 11: Needle by Frank Mentzer, ©Wizards) This is something that's really interesting about playing a role-playing game. In deciding what kind of character you want to play, and defining that character in every game you play, when you're deciding whether to kill someone, or do this, or save this family or whatever, you are building that character slowly and slowly, and I think it can start to tell you things about yourself. I have a lot of bloodlust, for example, when we're doing battles. At first, I have to say, I was a little put off by how enthusiastic I was getting about it. But then I thought about it and realized that what I want is to be more assertive in my real life.And who would've thought that D&D would've shown me that, but it did.
Make the case, if I'm a person looking for a way to discover who I really am, what my strengths are, why should I give role-playing games a try?
It challenges you to be creative, use your imagination, and when you're doing that certain things start to come out of your subconcious. Things you may not be aware of. And when you're playing this game, whether you're saving a family from a dragon or defeating some Kobolds, in the process of doing these battles and playing this adventure, you really start to learn more about yourself. Or at least what an imaginary version of yourself might look like. And that can offer room for self-reflection, and in the end teach you something about yourself. And if you have to be living in the moment and think quickly on your feet, that's when your mind really becomes active and you just start throwing stuff out there, and you never know what's going to come out.
DAKAR (Reuters) - A Congo Republic opposition leader said late on Thursday that forces from leader Denis Sassou Nguesso's presidential guard were surrounding his house, detaining him and three allies opposed to a vote on extending term limits.
A referendum on Sunday will determine whether 71-year-old Sassou Nguesso can legally stand for a third consecutive term in next year's election. The president, who has ruled for 31 of the past 36 years, is currently barred from running on account of both his age and constitutional term limits.
As in other African countries like Burkina Faso and Burundi where veteran presidents have sought to prolong their grip on power, mass protests broke out in Congo Republic, an oil-rich, former French colony, this week. Four people died when security forces opened fire on protesters, and analysts have warned of further violence.
Guy Brice Parfait Kolelas, a former minister who was dismissed for opposing constitutional change in August, said that around 50 soldiers arrived at his Brazzaville home in military jeeps Thursday morning and began patrolling the premises.
“The only explanation is that I told the president he is not allowed to change the constitution,” Kolelas told Reuters by telephone from his house. “He is trying to control us, to neutralize us,” he added.
He said three other presidential critics were also present, including Michel Mampouya, leader of opposition party PSVR, and Andre Okombi Salissa, a dissident within the ruling PCT party.
Security forces allowed a group of priests meeting with Kolelas to leave the house earlier on Thursday. Confronted about their presence by a bodyguard, the soldiers offered no explanation, Kolelas said.
A meeting between government officials, religious leaders and European Union diplomats designed to ease tensions was canceled on Thursday because of the opponents' absence.
On Wednesday, police arrested and briefly detained 18 opposition activists who were attempting to hold a press conference in the Diata neighborhood of the capital.
Anti-government protesters also set fire to a market in the Ouenze neighborhood of Brazzaville overnight, they told reporters on Thursday.
Brian Lewis Jennings (born October 14, 1976) is a former American football long snapper and tight end for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Arizona State University, and was picked by the 49ers in the 7th round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He is a two-time Pro Bowl selection, having been chosen for the 2004 and 2012 Pro Bowls as a special teams player. He is the founder of Jennings 1-4-1, dedicated to developing the skill of long snapping.
Early years [ edit ]
Jennings was born in Mesa, Arizona. At Red Mountain High School in Mesa, he lettered in football, basketball, and track. As a senior, he was the team captain of the football team and was an all-region honorable mention as a tight end.
College career [ edit ]
Jennings attended Arizona State University, where he played in 32 games as a tight end and long snapper for the Arizona State Sun Devils football team. He finished his college career with four receptions, one touchdown and nine tackles.
NFL career [ edit ]
Jennings played his entire career as the starting long snapper for the San Francisco 49ers, a role he filled for the team for thirteen seasons.
In 2003, Jennings signed an offer sheet as a restricted free agent with the Detroit Lions. The 49ers matched the offer, and ultimately signed Jennings to a long-term deal.[1][2]
In 2011, Jennings and Amendment M started Jennings 1-4-1, a long snapping camp for players of all ages.[3] The first camp took place on July 16 at Spartan Stadium in San Jose, California.[4]
Jennings was selected to his second Pro Bowl following the 2011 season. He had previously been named to the Pro Bowl following the 2003 season.[5]
At the end of the 2012 season, Jennings and the 49ers appeared in Super Bowl XLVII. In the game, he contributed on special teams, but the 49ers fell to the Baltimore Ravens by a score of 34–31.[6]
Jennings was released by the 49ers prior to the start of the 2013 NFL season.[7]
Jennings is a regular on KNBR radio, due to his lively personality and intelligently comedic commentary. Jennings has also appeared on the Point After with Mark Ibanez doing post-game commentary on KTVU.
He also has a very peculiar diet, eschewing poultry and pork, largely subsisting on a strict whole grain and beef diet.[8]
Bellator's house cleaning has extended beyond just ousting Bjorn Rebney and Tim Danaher. Earlier this week, the promotion confirmed the release of 19 fighters from its roster, most notably former heavyweight tournament winner Eric Prindle. The 38-year-old went on a run of just 1 win in his last 7 fights, and was stopped by James Thompson earlier this month. Prindle is best known, and this is not a joke, for his two fights with Thiago Santos. In their first encounter, Santos kicked Prindle in the groin, which resulted in an NC. Their rematch at Bellator 75 saw Prindle emphatically stake his claim of delivering the most violent testicular trampling in the history of the human race, as he flawlessly executed an axe kick to Santos' sack for the DQ loss.
Joining Prindle on the chopping block are the following fighters (via The MMA Report):
Anthony Leone, Travis Marx, Nick Kirk, Rodrigo Lima, Jared Downing, Jeremy Kimball, Keith Berry, Carlos Eduardo, Eric Smith, Anthony Lemon, Trey Houston, Vaughan Anderson, Jason Fischer, Nathan Coy, Hiroshi Nakamura, Tim Welch, Sergej Grecicho, Frank Baca.
Leone just fought Eduardo Dantas in March for the bantamweight title, ultimately getting choked out by the champ in the 2nd round. He's one of 7 bantamweights cut from the roster, including Travis Marx and Nick Kirk, both of whom were defeated by interim champion Joe Warren in their most recent tournament. This is the most interesting development out of these announced cuts, and it could suggest something bigger than far as their plans for the division.
It should be noted that all of these changes were made before Rebney was let go and Scott Coker replaced him as the promotion's CEO.
I wrote thousands of diplomatic cables during 21 years in the U.S. Foreign Service, and I dread calculating how many I've read. Here is an insider's view of how to read them.
Don't believe everything they say (and don't say). A good diplomat will of course report what foreigners say as accurately as possible, but even when she does there are still several sources of uncertainty. Most important is language.
I have top scores in both Portuguese and Italian, but I did not always understand every word an interlocutor (that's diplomatese for “person,” implicitly someone worth talking to) said to me in Brazil and Italy. Many conversations occur in non-ideal conditions (noisy restaurants, standing up at cocktail parties, in crowded hallways, over unreliable cell phones, at opposite ends of a long conference table). If the foreigners are speaking to you in English, they may not always understand the subtleties of our complex language and may say things that require interpretation. If the conversation is conducted through an interpreter, a great deal may be lost in translation.
In addition to language, there are omissions. Diplomats don't usually report a lot on what they themselves say, though there are exceptions to the rule. If there is a need to prove that you carried out your instructions, you may reproduce the instructions in the cable almost to the letter, even if you didn't really say all that stuff.
What is missing is more important than what is there. The cables being published are not the most sensitive ones. Those are usually “captioned” with markings that limit their distribution (limdis, exdis and nodis are the most common captions, but there are others for special topics). Captioned cables are not routinely shared interagency, so the low-level Defense Department type who leaked these did not have access to the more restricted material. There is, of course, top-secret material as well that is not included in the WikiLeaks. But “top secret” is not used as much as people imagine for normal diplomatic discourse. WikiLeaks has provided the iceberg, but the tip of limited distribution materials is missing. That is often the most interesting material.
The people who write the cables are not always the ones speaking in them or signing them. It is common for ambassadors and other high-level officials to go to meetings with “principals” (big shots) accompanied by a note-taker. They are lower-ranking Foreign Service officers who know that their job is in part to make the principals look good in the cable that inevitably they have to draft. Being a note-taker is a privilege, a greater one the higher ranking the principal. You want to be asked to do it again.
Note-takers draft, circulate the draft for clearance, and get a higher-up to sign off. All diplomatic cables leaving an American embassy are sent in the name of the Ambassador or Charge (the person he leaves in charge when out of the country, usually the Deputy Chief of Mission, aka Minister, for most non-American embassies). This does not mean that the Ambassador necessarily read or signed the cable — there will be others in the Embassy authorized to “sign out” — though if an ambassador was involved in the discussion reported she normally would want to read it before it goes to Washington.
The cables you are reading are on the whole well done, and you can read millions more if you want. The general reaction around the world in diplomatic circles is horror at the release of these documents, but admiration and even acclaim for their quality.
There are many more available for the asking: under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), the National Security Archive at George Washington University has acquired many more than WikiLeaks is publishing. Those obtained under FOIA are scrubbed to make sure no risks to the national security will arise; they are generally older than some of those being published now and of less obvious journalistic interest.
You can even ask for cables yourself: submit a request on the State Department website and ask for whatever you want. They won't come right away, but they do eventually come (you may have to pay reproduction costs). I've collected many more over the years than I'll ever be able to read and make sense of!
This post was originally published on Serwer's blog peacefare.net.
Now it is completely disclosed that how the National Security Agency has broad powers to capture private information and According to the various reports on the Internet by many websites that they all know that who we're calling and also have access to our Emails, messages, chats over social websites including the Facebook, which we use on the daily basis and let we share and post personal stuffs but they are under NSA Surveillance.
It is totally impossible to stop this online harassment by NSA but we can take some security methods to hide our online presence and bypass NSA Prism, as lots of stuff over there on the internet but we will tell you 5 most useful tactics you can use.
1. Use TOR to browser over the Internet
According to the Washington post, NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has been photographed with a Tor sticker on his laptop and Tor is a network of virtual tunnels that allows people and groups to improve their privacy and security on the Internet. It also enables software developers to create new communication tools with built-in privacy features. Tor provides the foundation for a range of applications that allow organizations and individuals to share information over public networks without compromising their privacy.
Individuals use Tor to keep websites from tracking them and their family members, or to connect to news sites, instant messaging services, or the like when these are blocked by their local Internet providers. Tor's hidden services let users publish web sites and other services without needing to reveal the location of the site. Individuals also use Tor for socially sensitive communication: chat rooms and web forums for rape and abuse survivors, or people with illnesses.
Download TOR
2. Use OTR to secure your Chat conversation
Off-the-Record (OTR) Messaging allows you to have private conversations over instant messaging by providing
Encryption – No one else can read your instant messages.
Authentication- You are assured the correspondent is who you think it is.
Deniability- The messages you send do not have digital signatures that are checkable by a third party. Anyone can forge messages after a conversation to make them look like they came from you. However, during a conversation, your correspondent is assured the messages he sees are authentic and unmodified.
Perfect forward secrecy- If you lose control of your private keys, no previous conversation is compromised.
Download OTR
3. Make secure calls with Silent Circle
The conventional telephone network is vulnerable to government wiretapping. And many Internet-based telephony applications, including Skype, are thought to be vulnerable to interception as well.
If we talk about Silent Circle it will work, When a Silent Circle subscriber makes a phone call, sends a text or video chats with another Silent Circle member, that transmission is secured and encrypted end-to-end from their iPhone, Android device, iPad or Windows computer on our crystal-clear secure network and at the last we can say you can Shut-Out the NSA Survillance.
More about Silent Circle
4. Make secure calls with Redphone
Redphone is another application that makes phone calls with end-to-end encryption. Interestingly, it was developed with financial support from U.S. taxpayers courtesy of the Open Technology Fund.
The government hopes to support dissidents in repressive regimes overseas. But the only way to build a communications application that people will trust is to make it impervious to snooping by any government, including ours. So like Silent Circle, the Redphone client software is open source and has been independently audited to make sure there are no back doors.
More about Redphone
5. Remove your cellphone battery to thwart tracking
The NSA phone records program revealed by the Guardian last week not only collects information about what phone numbers we call, it also collects data about the location of the nearest cellphone tower when we make calls. That gives the NSA the ability to determine your location every time you make a phone call — and maybe in between calls too.
Unfortunately, Soghoian says there's no technical fix for this kind of surveillance. “The laws of physics will not let you hide your location from the phone company,” he says. The phone company needs to know where you are in order to reach you when you receive a phone call.
So if you don't want the NSA to know where you've been, you only have one option: You need to turn off your cell phone. Or if you're feeling extra paranoid, take out the battery or leave your phone at home.
You can take the above steps to hide your identity over Internet and we also want your views to say on NSA Surveillance, for your response you can mail us to p[email protected] or you can suggest in the comment or by Fill up the Form below and we will publish them in our article and tweets.
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
“Vertical forest” to be built in Switzerland
Stefano Boeri Architetti's two “vertical forest” towers began to grow in Milan last year, and now a sister project is to be built in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The Tower of Cedars will house 24,000 plants on 3,000 square metres, including 100 cedar trees, 18,000 perennial plants and 6,000 shrubs.
Stefano Boeri said: “The Tower of Cedars, thanks to its shapes and colour changing during the seasons, will become a landmark in the landscape of Lake Geneva.”
As well as their visual impact, the Milanese architect says the plants improve the environment inside the building by reducing noise and air pollution and helping to regulate its temperature.
The 36-storey tower will measure 117m, taller than the Bosco Verticale towers in Milan, which were 110m and 76m high.
The building will contain private residencies, along with offices, a gym and a rooftop restaurant.
The idea of vertical forests has come been criticised by some commentators, such as journalist Tim De Chant, who says “trees just weren't made for such conditions”.
He also says that with the $4m it cost to add the 2.5 acres of plantlife to Milan's vertical forest, the architect could have restored more than 2,000 acres of horizontal forest.
The Tower of Cedars will be built in 2017.
Images of Milan's vertical forest towers courtesy of Stefano Boeri Architetti
In case you ever wondered what It's like to be LDS and to want racial, gender or social equality in the church and have attempted to express it vocally – this is indicative of the kind of response that is regularly hurled at us:
Of course these kinds of remarks aren't excommunication but I have to wonder if the cumulative effect of this kind of social vitriol has some bearing on how questioners, doubters and Mormon progressives are ultimately ‘Leperized' and sent from the fold.
In some stakes around the world they have been having 40 day fasts where ward members share one day of those 40 to fast for missionary work. Notwithstanding the dubious means of increasing numbers it seems the church would rather bring more people into the fray than try to really understand and deal with the reasons people are leaving.
No doubt the woman who sent me this peachy message will be participating in her ward with divine fervour.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
John McCain's campaign manager Rick Davis accused Obama of playing the race card after Obama characterized McCain's recent attacks against him as trying to scare voters away from him.
Yesterday in Springfield, Missouri Obama said, “So nobody really thinks that Bush or McCain have a real answer for the challenges we face, so what they are going to try to do is make you scared of me. Oh, he's not patriotic enough. He's got a funny name. You know he doesn't look like all these other presidents on the dollar bills. He's risky. That's essentially the argument they're making.”
The McCain campaign replied by accusing Obama of playing the race card, “Barack Obama has played the race card, and he played it from the bottom of the deck. It's divisive, negative, shameful and wrong.” In a campaign where the McCain people have made idiotic charge after idiotic charge against Obama, this one takes the cake. According to the McCain campaign, Obama can't point out the fact that he is the first black major party nominee.
Using their logic, every time McCain refers to his military service, he would be playing the patriotism card. Notice how the McCain camp completely ignored Obama's characterization of their attacks against him. The tactics that McCain is using against Obama in 2008 are the same ones that George W. Bush used against Al Gore and John Kerry in 2000 and 2004. The Republicans always try to paint the Democrats as liberal, elitist and risky.
There was nothing divisive about Obama's remarks. He was pointing out a fact. He does look different than previous presidents, and the main theme of the McCain campaign has been that different is bad. The Clintons tried to bring up the race issue during the Democratic primary and it backfired on them. To me, the point of the Davis statement today was to remind everyone that Obama is black. If anyone is trying to bring race into the discussion, it is Davis, not Obama.
Davis Statement
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Salafism and Politics
I have many relatives who despise Shi'i, Sufi, and Ahmediyyah Muslims. Their religious practices are regarded with great suspicion. The main cause is Saudi-Pakistani incitement against their alternative religiosity, whether in Shi'i veneration for the Imams, the diversity of Sufi mysticism, or the Ahmeddiyah acknowledgement of a messianic Mahdi figure.
Such suspicion usually precedes an accusation of these various groups as engaging in shirk, or religious idolatry that interferes with the worship of Allah. This discourse frequently leads to campaigns of violence against these minority groups, whether in pogroms, or state repression. Much of this is state-circulated, meaning that popular discussions about shirk have sectarian conclusions rather than vibrant theological debates. It is no coincidence that Sunni hardliners who further this rhetoric do not discuss to shirk present in modern Salafism.
Understanding Salafi shirk requires a little theological background. There are two types of shirk: Shirk-e-Akbar, and Shirk-e-Asghar. Shirk-e-Akbar is major and refers to open polytheism. It usually comprises associating anyone with Allah and/or divine attributes. This is in violation of tawheed, the Islamic principle that Allah has oneness and unity. Shirk-e-Asghar, in contrast, is comparatively minor and is concerned with hidden polytheism. This form of shirk occurs when the violator acknowledges tawheed, but engages in thoughts and behaviors that do not reflect this belief. Both are at play among many Salafi movements.
It is important to remember that Salafism is not a uniform Islamic phenomenon. While some Salafists are intent on opposing capitalist globalization, others fully embrace its most recent incarnation in economic neoliberalism. As a Muslim, I'm inclined to believe that their resulting mixture of Islam and neoliberalism verges on committing shirk.
Dating back to the works of Adam Smith, much of laissez-faire capitalism has been predicated on a belief that an unrestrained market will either solve, or greatly alleviate, social ills. This rhetoric is often taken to be an absolute, with market liberalism focusing on a philosophy that unconscious economic forces will organically direct human societies towards prosperity. Smith's idea of the invisible hand turns the marketplace into a poorly-understood supernatural force that must be given primacy for the betterment of civilization. Smith continues to be read widely because, despite new, and conflicting historical circumstances, neoliberal discussions of market primacy still rely heavily on an idea of liberating Smith's market forces
Shirk comes into play because there is a thin line between Smith's hand, and the hand of Allah. Neoliberalism amounts to a quasi-religious deification of market primacy. Trusting the market to organically address social problems is not very different from believing that the will of Allah can be relied upon to confront these same grievances. The market is assigned supernatural aspects that give it an almost divine superiority over material reality, which are then bowed towards in a system of global capitalism.
For this reason, the Salafi Muslims that embrace market primacy are committing shirk. This category happens to include the monarchical elites in the Persian Gulf, such as the Saudi Arabian Wahhabis that have appointed themselves the guardians of Islam.
More broadly, Salafi movements that do not directly tackle the complexity of a politically-stratified society verge on embracing shirk in various other ways. Stratified social orders are predicated on various doctrines that verge on bowing down to a secondary divinity. These include nationalism, racism, patriarchy, and so on. However, the most significant of these involve the core beliefs of Salafism itself, in which an Islamic mythology risks overtaking Allah as a religious focus.
Many of the movements that fall under the umbrella of Salafism began as a reaction to imperialism. They arose from intellectual discourse in the Muslim world that sought to understand which specific weaknesses led to European conquest. Salafism posits that the primary cause of imperialism was the Muslim world having deviated too substantially from Islamic teachings. It maintains that Muslims became a colonized people because they lost track of sunnah, a normative way of life based on specific interpretations of the Qu'ran and Hadith.
For Salafis, the sunnah operates as a rigid discipline of purification. The religious movement's appeal should be examined through a desire for social cleansing, which is why the ideology takes so much issue with matters of substance use and sexual activity. The movement thrives in Muslim populations that have a desire for purity and salvation. Sunnah becomes a discipline aimed at facilitating this salvation, returning to Islamic roots in order to heal the trauma of imperialism by emulating the Prophet Muhammad.
The primary fantasy for many Salafis is of the Rashidun Caliphate. The rule of the Four Rightly Guided Caliphs, which immediately followed the death of the Prophet, has been given a paradisiacal flare as a result of Salafi rhetoric. Rather than being a part of Islamic history, the Rashidun has become treated as a utopia that was marked by general prosperity and military strength. It has essentially exited Islamic history and become a mythology that is suspended from reality, with sunnah being reduced to a tool that may realize it under modern conditions.
The process of attributing the attributes of Allah to another figure is extremely complex. It means that qualities which are traditionally the domain of Allah begin to mix with another figure, to which the religious then bow. This new Islamic mythology of sunnah and Rashidun eat away at many qualities that traditionally reside in Allah, from promises of an ethical renaissance, to peace, mercy, and freedom. It is shirked because it twists sunnah and erases historical facts of the Rashidun in favor of an obsession that is often quasi-religious. The discipline of Qu'ran and Hadith become the entire focus of worship, with Allah acknowledged, but not discussed in any substantive way due to a ritualistic drive towards realizing the Rashidun.
Of course, none of this is necessarily a problem. Islam is a religion that means different things at various periods in history. The drive towards realizing the Rashidun can ultimately be seen as an acceptable period of Islamic history that affects the Muslim world's experiences with European imperialism. It may even ultimately lend weight to a leftist mission that seeks to build a Rashidun utopia that has moved beyond market capitalism.
These arguments have mainly been a means to argue that no area of Islam is immune from flirting with shirk, as even veneration of the Qu'ran has been speculated as such by movements as early as the Mu'tazallites. Problems arise when the toxic label of shirk is used to inspire sectarian consequences and rally support around Salafist state policy.
Muslims must be brave enough to doubt this rhetoric, whether it is levied against other Muslims, Christians, Atheists, Buddhists, and so on. Every Islamic movement has its flaws. Every Islamic movement has some level of shirk. Every Islamic movement has some level of sin, hypocrisy, and so on. It is perfectly fine that they are flawed, so long as Muslims acknowledge them as such, and avoid centering state policy on these imperfections. Problems begin with those that claim, falsely and with absolute certainty, that they alone are perfect. It is these types of statements that imply the ascendency of a somewhat nihilistic revolutionary movement dedicated to the Rashidun, which, unfortunately, would be more fascistic than Islamic.
Photographs courtesy of Tarek. Published under a Creative Commons license.
From Maplight, the nonprofit that tracks legislation and the campaign funding behind it:
October 29, 2013—Later this week, the House of Representatives will be voting on a bipartisan bill to repeal financial bailout protections that Congress passed in 2010 as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The bill, H.R. 992 or the "Swaps Regulatory Improvement Act," would severely limit the reach of Sec. 716 in Dodd-Frank, which requires banks that are eligible for Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or Federal Reserve lending discounts to spin off their derivatives activities into separate corporate entities that would not be eligible for federal assistance.
According to the New York Times, lobbyists from Citigroup played a major role in the bill's creation: "Citigroup's recommendations were reflected in more than 70 lines of the House committee's 85-line bill," Eric Lipton and Ben Protess write. "Two crucial paragraphs, prepared by Citigroup in conjunction with other Wall Street banks, were copied nearly word for word. (Lawmakers changed two words to make them plural.)"
Data: MapLight analysis of campaign contributions to members of the House of Representatives from interest groups supporting and opposing H.R. 992 from January 1, 2011—December 31, 2012. Data source: OpenSecrets.org
Citigroup has given $503,150 to current members of the House of Representatives.
Representative Jim Himes, D-Conn., has received $66,450 from Citigroup, more than any other member of the House of Representatives. Himes is a co-sponsor of the bill.
Co-sponsors of the bill have received, on average, 16.8 times more money from Citigroup than have members of the House who have not signed on as co-sponsors.
Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, has received $917,500 from interests supporting the bill, more than any other member of the House of Representatives.
Representative Randy Hultgren, R-Ill., the primary sponsor of the bill, has received $136,500 from the Securities and Investment industry, more than from any other industry.
For previous analysis on H.R. 992 see our posts from when the bill passed the House Financial Services Committee and the House Agricultural Committee.
New Stretch Goals Announced! Plus, get free bonus rewards for sharing this project---full details below!
Hello Kickstarter!
We are so excited to tell you about our two new sauces and chili pepper CSA, where we ship 18 rare varieties of peppers from our farm to you!
But first, meet Mix Tape and XXXXX Scorpion--two ridiculously flavorful hot sauces featuring peppers grown by us! Both are organic, vegan, non-gmo, paleo, and naturally low in calories but seriously high on flavor. Our two new recipes are great for the grill, for use in marinades, or as straight up hot sauce (we put them on everything!)
Unlike other hot sauces, we grow what we make, and are dedicated to growing the hottest, most flavorful peppers around. Everything is organically grown at our farm, pesticide-free and non-gmo.
And, as one of our rewards for this campaign, you can even get a share of this year's pepper crop and try out 18 rare and exotic chili peppers picked right from our farm! You'll get three monthly boxes along with recipes, storage tips, the history of each pepper and more.
Since we launched on Kickstarter in 2013, we have grown more than 12,000 pepper plants on a beautiful 3 acres, Certified Naturally Grown field in Kutztown, PA.
After two years of trying out recipes, growing countless varieties of peppers, and testing out Mix Tape and XXXXX Scorpion at our NYC farmers markets, we have fine tuned our two new recipes, and are ready to launch them exclusively on Kickstarter.
Meet XXXXX Scorpion: Featuring one of the hottest peppers in the world, The Moruga Scorpion. This hot sauce is no joke (we even put a warning label on it!) It is great on so many things---and perfect for the person who loves it really hot. Unlike other super hot sauces that use extracts, we use only fresh Scorpion Peppers which give XXXXX Scorpion its bright atomic orange color (and its amazing flavor!)
Meet Mix Tape: A medium range hot sauce that is mild enough to use on everything, but still packs a smoky punch. This amazing mix of hot, sweet and chipotle peppers is phenomenal on eggs, soups, burritos---you name it. It's also a fantastic marinade for the grill. Sweetened with organic apple instead of sugar, Mix Tape is seriously high in flavor without the added calories.
Our sauces are powered by Chia, not chemicals, gums or preservatives. You won't find any xanthan gum, sodium benzoate, or anything else from a lab in our sauces---just real food. We are the first hot sauce to use chia seeds as a natural thickener and preservative.
All of Our Peppers are Certified Naturally Grown and Pesticide-Free
(can your current hot sauce guarantee that? we can!)
Check out our field:
Healthy Soil= Healthier (and Tastier) Peppers!
Time to geek out on farming a bit---At Homesweet Homegrown, we use only biodynamic growing methods to encourage robust soil microbes, for the healthiest soil and pepper plants possible. We choose cover crops over chemicals to keep our plants healthy and happy.
And, unlike the majority of farms which use black plastic mulch (a petroleum-based product that leeches god-knows-what into the soil) we use an organic paper mulch called Weedguard Plus. This is a biodegradable alternative that actually adds nitrogen and organic matter back into the soil, and allows the peppers to have a breathable soil surface, reducing the chance of disease, and boosting our crop production by an average of 25%. See the difference:
We are one of the only pepper farms using this method today.
At pepper harvest time, people from our small college town pitch in to help pick the peppers that will become your new favorite hot sauce!
To help kickstart these two new sauces, we have some fun rewards for you guys, including the first bottles of Mix Tape and XXXXX Scorpion, as well a share in the world's first Hot Pepper CSA!
What is a Hot Pepper CSA?
CSA stands for Community Supported Agriculture---through this Kickstarter, you can have a share of our pepper harvest shipped from our farm to you, at a discounted price for paying it forward.
CSA members will get the chance to experience 18 of the most unique chili peppers on the planet, picked fresh from our farm in Kutztown, PA and delivered right to your door.
Throughout the harvest season (August, September and October), CSA members will receive a monthly box bursting with different chili peppers of all levels of the Scoville scale, ranging from the mild and flavorful Aji Dulce to the blazing hot Carolina Reaper (the hottest pepper in the world). Pepper varieties include Aji Limon (aka Lemondrop), Moruga Scorpion, the Carolina Reaper, Piri Piri, Chocolate Habanero, Fatali, Brazilian Starfish, Ghost Pepper, Hatch, Scotch Bonnet, Datil, Aji Dulce, and many more!
Since peppers freeze really well, you can stock up and enjoy them all year long. We'll include complete instructions for storing and freezing your peppers, as well recipes to make your own hot sauce, pickled peppers, smoked peppers and more!
Each monthly pepper box includes:
6 different types of peppers (18 total)
History, Scoville Scale and flavor profile of each pepper
Recipes ideas for making your own hot sauce, infusions, dried peppers and more.
Storage instructions for freezing, dehydrating and pickling your peppers so you can enjoy them all year long.
Tips for saving hot pepper seeds, so you can grow your own peppers at home!
Note: Hot Pepper CSA Shares are limited---so reserve your spot now for shipment this summer! These also make a great gift, and we can send gift CSA shares anywhere in the US with a personal note from you!
Other rewards include:
Bottles of our original hot sauces---Aramingo, Orange Crush, and Punch Drunk.
Homesweet Homegrown takeout grow kits (available in ghost pepper, habanero, scorpion pepper, basil, cilantro, garlic chives, kale, nasturtiums, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, and tom thumb peas).
Signed Copies of Homesweet Homegrown: How to Grow, Make and Store Food No Matter Where Your Live--your guide to growing, canning, fermenting, storing and more!
Our .5 oz sizes of our smoked habanero and smoked ghost specialty salt (so good on popcorn, mushrooms, craft cocktail rims, and more!
Thanks again for checking out our Kickstarter!
We are raising funds to help cover costs for growing our peppers and bringing these new sauces to you, and hope you'll be a part of it!
40K: Hot Sauce E-Book! Unlocked!
Every backer will get a free e-book filled with recipes to use all of our sauces, as well as recipes to make your own hot sauce at home! I will also throw in a few recipes for spicy pickles, and share tips for drying and smoking your own peppers, and making hot pepper cocktails and such;)
50K: Organic Certification for our Sauces
If we hit 50K, we will have enough funds to get Organic Certification for our sauces! We already use organic ingredients and grow our peppers organically, but this stretch goal would mean we can cover the cost to go through the USDA Organic Certification process and use their logo on our labels and be straight up legit. There aren't many sauces that are organic out there, and since we are, but just don't have the official certification, it would be so great to do this!
65K: A NEW Limited Edition Flavor for Backers only!
We will unveil a NEW Flavor that will be a Kickstarter exclusive and available to backers only! This will only be unlocked if we hit this goal…
Share This Project, Get a Free E-Download of Homesweet Homegrown!
Show your support for our project and get a free e-book copy of Homesweet Homegrown: How to Grow Make and Store Food No Matter Where You Live! My book is filled with gardening tips, guides, recipes and more. Learn how to make your own hot sauce, pickle, ferment, can, and grow your own food anywhere! Share this project, email us, and we'll email you your free copy right away!
This offer is open to everyone reading this who wants to support our project and mission---you don't have to be a backer to get a free download of my book. (But all backers will automatically receive an e-copy as well!)
Here's how it works:
Share our campaign on Facebook or Twitter
Email a screenshot of it to us at homesweethomegrown@gmail.com
Get a free e-download of Homesweet Homegrown emailed to you as a thank-you!
Thanks again for checking out our project!
First of all, it looks like the CRomnibus is in big trouble and that is good news. It seems more likely than not that the bill is going down, which is the best result here. But if the House is not able to get a bill passed that keeps the government running, you can blame no one but [mc_name name='Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA)' chamber='house' mcid='P000197′ ] for this.
Pelosi, after all, brokered the deal with House Republicans which conceded the inclusion of the Dodd-Frank fix and the Convention funding in the CRomnibus bill. Whether you like those provisions or not, that was the agreed upon price for the GOP essentially folding on everything budget-wise for the next nine months. She promised to deliver a certain number of Democrat votes in order to cover for anticipated Republican defections on this terrible bill.
Now that the chips are down, Pelosi has essentially put up a giant sign encouraging Democrats to renege on their promises made to the GOP leadership. The chances of a coalition holding together through the CRomnibus fight is now very small indeed.
Again, GOP leadership deserved to have this happen to them, as we have said here repeatedly. When you make a deal that depends on the good faith of Congressional Democrats to pass, you've already lost. But make no mistake, if this thing sputters to its final, chaotic end, it will be because [mc_name name='Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA)' chamber='house' mcid='P000197′ ] caused Boehner to believe throughout this process that she could deliver the bill right up until the last minute and then pulled the rug out from under him.
And let us hope that now, after all this time, Boehner will learn about the wisdom of counting on Democrats to fill gaps left by those pesky conservatives when they desert his horrible budgets.
More details about Facebook's Android-related product came to light today after a version of the company's tweaked mobile operating system leaked to Android Police.
The version of Android is called Facebook Home, but it's pretty much just a regular version of Android with a special Facebook app that offers deeper integration with the phone.
Facebook is testing Home on Google's Android using a relatively cheap AT&T HTC smartphone codenamed the Myst. According to the leaked specs, the Myst isn't nearly as powerful as top-tier smartphones like the iPhone 5, HTC One, or Samsung Galaxy S4.
Android Police wasn't able to log into Facebook Home though since it's an early version of the software, so we don't know too much more about all the final features. Other reports suggest Facebook Home will replace your phone's home screen and show you updates from the social network.
Facebook Home will also reportedly be available as an app that anyone can download from Google's Play Store for Android apps and content.
Here's a look at the login screen:
8 years ago
Washington (CNN) - Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, who oversees Senate spending bills as chairman of the appropriations committee, announced Tuesday a two-year moratorium on earmarks.
Despite his long support for such congressionally directed spending, Inouye acknowledged that with President Obama and the Republican-controlled House opposed to earmarks, it would be fruitless for the Senate to include them in its bills.
"The handwriting is clearly on the wall. The president has stated unequivocally that he will veto any legislation containing earmarks, and the House will not pass any bills that contain them. Given the reality before us, it makes not sense to accept earmark requests that have no chance of being enacted into law," Inouye said in a press release.
The announcement came days after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said during an NBC interview that the president is "absolutely wrong" about earmarks and "should back off" his opposition.
US Vice Admiral Joe Rixey announced today that the official estimate from the Pentagon is that US arms makers will export $40 billion in weapons abroad in fiscal year 2016, which ends in October. This is slightly down from the $46.6 billion exported the previous year.
The decline, according to Rixey, is the result of a “burdened” system whereby export approval is taking longer than expected, citing complaints from companies that multi-billion dollar deals with Qatar and Kuwait are stuck in the hopper awaiting approval. Those two alone would've had the export figure at $47 billion.
The US exports more weapons than any other country, and its 2015 level was a record high. Rixey noted that demand for US attack helicopters remains strong, and that there is a sustained, high volume of requests, though many in the military complain they're getting more requests than approvals.
Rixey also downplayed the Brexit as having any impact on exports, saying that Britain's status as a major US customer should remain unchanged whether they are in the EU or not. There has been some speculation that Britain might start trimming its defense budget as part of a post-Brexit austerity move, though this has not been confirmed by any officials.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Elon Musk wants to nuke the Martian ice caps, in order to release CO2 and warm the place up.
Making Mars habitable is a goal of some very smart people, mostly because one day — either due to environmental disaster, an expanding sun, or any other number of disaster scenarios — the Earth will become uninhabitable.
But is nuking Mars really the best way to create a new Earth?
Why it might work
Right now, Mars seems like a dry, dead planet. But its polar ice caps contain about equal parts water and carbon dioxide.
Nuclear weapons could be used to vaporize them, releasing those materials into the atmosphere. Once the atmosphere got thick enough, the greenhouse effect would kick in: energy from the sun, absorbed by the planet and released as infrared radiation, would be trapped.
That would continue heating up the planet, releasing more carbon dioxide, setting off a chain reaction until, ideally, the surface pressure of Mars would increase enough for liquid water to exist — making it much more habitable for oxygen-producing plants.
“You could start turning Mars from a red planet into a green planet,” Michael Shara, curator of the American Museum of Natural History's astrophysics department, told NBC News.
Would Elon Musk's Plan to Nuke Mars Actually Work? – NBC News
LAS VEGAS — It wasn't pretty, but Colorado State didn't need it to be.
Despite a brutal afternoon on the offensive end, No.22 CSU relied on its defense and a similarly abysmal offensive performance from San Diego State to knock off the Aztecs 53-41 in the quarterfinals of the Mountain West conference tournament Tuesday in Las Vegas.
Junior forward Elin Gustavsson was one of the lone bright spots for the Rams, scoring a game-high 21 points and pulling down seven rebounds. Gustavsson shot an impressive 8 of 14 from the floor, but the rest of the Colorado State team shot just 12 of 37 in one of CSU's worst shooting performances of the season.
“I think it's always hard playing the first game, because we wanted to win it so bad,” junior guard and Mountain West Player of the Year Ellen Nystrom said. “We really want to play the final right now. But we've just got to take it slow and get into the game and we got into the game as the game progressed and that was good.”
Advertisement
Gustavsson agreed.
“And maybe we were so excited, and when you're super excited it can go a little bit wrong,” Gustavsson added. “But I feel like we were still, like, excited in a good way, as Coach said, we had to calm down a little bit, which we did.”
Luckily for the Rams, San Diego State wasn't any better, hitting just 13 of 49 shots (27 percent) on the afternoon, including just 2-for-12 from behind the arc.
CSU (29-1, 18-0 Mountain West) held SDSU's leading scorer, McKynzie Fort, to just 10 points on 2 of 12 shooting, nearly five points below her season average.
[new_royalslider id=”474″]
(Photos Courtesy of NCAA)
“Well, the first game is always difficult, I think, as a 1 seed,” CSU head coach Ryun Williams said. “I think you saw a group maybe a little tight early. But outstanding defensively, really an outstanding job. They've got three guards out there that are really good, really good when the ball is in our hands, playing off the ball screen. I thought our kids were exceptional keeping the basketball in front, really the whole game. Once we got it settled down in our mind and midway through the third and the fourth quarter, we started playing a little bit more like us.”
The Aztecs didn't make it easy though, holding CSU to just 22 points in the first half, the Rams' second-lowest first half total of the season. After cutting the CSU lead to just four going into the break, San Diego State scored the first points of the second half, bringing them with two. They stayed within striking distance for the rest of the third quarter, keeping the deficit with seven and even cutting it to three at two different junctures.
But CSU found a bit of rhythm in the final stanza though, using a 13-3 run to extend its lead to 13 with 4:08 to play. The Rams closed it out from there, never letting the Aztecs cut the deficit below double digits.
The Rams will now take on fifth-seeded New Mexico, who beat No. 4 seed San Jose State 65-51, in the Mountain West semifinals Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. MT.
Collegian Senior Sports Reporter Keegan Pope can be reached at kpope@collegian.com and on Twitter @ByKeeganPope.
Image Source : ANI Maheish Girri is on hunger strike outside Arvind Kejriwal's residence
New Delhi: BJP MP from East Delhi Maheish Girri's hunger strike outside Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's residence entered second day today as he refused to move till he “gets justice.”
Maheish Girri is sitting outside Kejriwal's official residence with a demand that AAP chief proves his allegations regarding the murder of NDMC official M M Khan.
In a letter to Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung last week, Kejriwal had accused him of trying to "save" Girri and New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) vice-chairman Karan Singh Tanwar in Khan's murder.
MM Khan Murder: BJP's Maheish Girri continues hunger strike outside CM Arvind Kejriwal's residence in Delhi. pic.twitter.com/qu5qNymAUm — ANI (@ANI) June 20, 2016
I will not even move from here till he comes out & I get justice: BJP MP Maheish Girri outside Delhi CM's residence pic.twitter.com/SxFUaslOVE — ANI (@ANI) June 20, 2016
“Now Modiji is fully assured that no matter how much goondaism BJP men partake in, no one will be able to bend a hair. You will save them. And you will keep on framing Aam Aadmi Party by lodging false cases,” the Kejriwal said in the letter.
Girri then dared Kejriwal to prove the charges or quit politics. He said if Kejriwal has the courage, he should prove his allegations. “If he manages to prove them, then I will quit politics, otherwise he should do so...”
“I have absolutely no connection with the case. It just happened that I was in the LG's office when a person had come with some documents related to the case. I did not bring that complainant. These are diversionary tactics to deflect attention from the parliamentary secretary issue,” Girri said.
Girri asked Kejriwal for a public debate over his allegations.
In a letter to Kejriwal on June 16, Girri had invited him to Constitution Club to produce "evidence" he had against him in the M M Khan murder case on Sunday 4 pm.
Kejriwal did not accept the challenge following which Girri, accompanied by his party supporters, reached the Chief Minister's flagstaff Road residence and sat on hunger strike.
The BJP MP has asked Kejriwal to either prove his charge against him or "resign" from the post of Chief Minister.
Khan, an estate officer of NDMC, was shot dead in Jamia Nagar on May 16, a day before he was scheduled to pass the final order on the lease terms of a hotel which was functioning on a property leased out by the civic body. The owner of the hotel, Ramesh Kakkar, was arrested on charges of murder.
Hitting back at Girri, AAP's Delhi unit convenor Dilip Pandey said an open debate with Kejriwal would not solve the problem, instead the BJP MP should be ready for a fair investigation.
The party also reiterated its demand for arrest of Girri and Tanwar in connection with the murder.
AAP MLA from Okhla Amanatullah questioned Girri's ties with Kakkar.
Pandey also alleged that Tanwar took money from Kakkar to get Khan transferred and the BJP leader had also threatened the NDMC officer.
Pandey claimed that a letter was written by Tanwar to Khan. AAP and people of Delhi want to know the content of the letter which has since gone missing, he claimed.
(With inputs from PTI)
The US Department of Homeland Security chief forcefully defended the start of a controversial deportation operation that resulted in the apprehension of 121 adults and children, mostly Central American immigrants who sought legal asylum in the United States but were ordered to leave the country.
“As I have said repeatedly, our borders are not open to illegal migration; if you come here illegally, we will send you back consistent with our laws and values,” Jeh Johnson, the secretary of homeland security, said on Monday.
Almost 5,000 unaccompanied minors caught at US-Mexico border last month Read more
Johnson and other officials said those who were detained over the weekend were largely Central American migrants who had crossed the southern border illegally after 1 May 2014 and were subject to final orders of removal from an immigration court. Raids in Georgia, North Carolina and Texas accounted for the majority of those now in custody, though Johnson characterized them as part of “concerted, nationwide enforcement operations”.
While harsh and, at times, inflammatory rhetoric about immigrants has emerged on the 2016 presidential campaign trail, a senior administration official said the raids had “nothing to do with the caterwaulings of any member of the political class”. Instead, the action reflected, the official said, a longstanding reaction to the increase in Central American families and unaccompanied children attempting to cross the US-Mexico border.
Johnson said that additional surges in immigration enforcement “will continue to occur as appropriate”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The homeland security secretary, Jeh Johnson: ‘If you come here illegally, we will send you back.' Photograph: Carlo Allegri/Reuters
The deportation campaign amounts to the first large-scale effort to deport people who fled violence from drug wars in Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador and Belize.
On Saturday in Norcross, Georgia, ICE agents arrived at the home of Joanna Gutierrez, according to the Los Angeles Times. The agents reportedly arrived in an unmarked car and presented Gutierrez with a warrant for a man she didn't know. Gutierrez told them to stay outside, but the agents went in anyway. They searched the house before revealing that they were looking for Ana Lizet-Mejía, Gutierrez's niece, and her niece's nine-year-old son. Gutierrez told the Times that the two were taken into custody.
Lizet-Mejía, who recently received a court order to leave the US after her asylum request was rejected, fled Honduras with her son after her brother was murdered by gang members. The mother and child were among the many so-called “drug war refugees” from Central America, including children who make the harrowing journey on their own. In the 2015 fiscal year, more than 100,000 people from Central America were caught crossing into the United States illegally.
Matthew Bourke, a spokesman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, said that the new deportation push was intended to “further deter individuals from undertaking the journey”.
He added that the United States was exploring options to give Central Americans expanded access to its refugee admissions program. “We aim to ensure that there are safe, lawful and orderly options available,” Bourke said.
When the plans for a large-scale deportation effort were initially reported by the Washington Post in late December, immigrant rights groups such as America's Voice released statements condemning the Obama administration, calling it “appalling” and “shameful” that refugees would be sent back to “places where rape, sexual abuse and murder are commonplace”.
“Most disturbingly,” a statement from America's Voice read, “the plan raises the ugly specter of the very mass roundups and deportation advocated by several candidates running for the GOP presidential nomination – most notably Donald Trump.”
As drug violence has surged, the number of asylum requests from Mexican and Central American immigrants has increased dramatically. Yet advocacy groups say there aren't enough pro-bono immigration lawyers to support the population, resulting in many cases being rejected, even when circumstances merit a legal stay.
Homeland Security said it was specifically targeting adults and children ordered to leave the US by an immigration judge. But advocacy groups dispute whether that order is actually being followed on the ground.
“We've heard testimonies of agents asking other people in the home for immigration papers and even taking children into custody,” Tania Unzueta, an activist from #Not1More Deportation, said on Sunday. “It seems like a tactic that is designed to cause fear, intimidate and make some sort of political point.”
Unzueta said that the raids were “nothing new”, but noted that in recent years ICE had targeted only those with criminal records. The fact that children and families were now being sought was inspiring some in the immigrant rights community to express frustrations with their traditional allies in the Democratic party.
Casa, the largest immigrant rights group in the mid-Atlantic, tweeted last week: “You're on notice!!” to the Democratic National Committee with a picture of a man holding a sign that read: “You want my voto? Say NO to deportations.”
Last week, the Miami Herald reported, a Honduran woman who had recently illegally crossed the border with her husband and children, spoke at a press conference held by activists. “I beg President Obama to put his hand over his heart and not do this,” she said, “for the sake of the children.”
This is what lynchings look like in 2016! Another murder in the streets because the color of a man's skin, at the hands of the people who they say will protect us. When will they be held accountable? or did he fear for his life as he executed this man? A video posted by colin kaepernick (@kaepernick7) on Jul 6, 2016 at 7:19am PDT
WTH is this!!! I don't care if he was selling crack on the corner this is dead wrong smh https://t.co/5nnfeebEli — Torrey Smith (@TorreySmithWR) July 6, 2016
Doesn't matter if it was legal or illegal....it doesn't mean you should die for it https://t.co/SJqDTTlbUB — Torrey Smith (@TorreySmithWR) July 6, 2016
San Francisco 49erswas one of numerous NFL players that voiced their opinions on the video of the shooting death of Alton Sterling, who was being detained by police last night. Sterling died at the hands of Baton Rouge police officers."This is what lynchings look like in 2016," declared Kaepernick on Instagram. "Another murder in the streets because the color of a man's skin, at the hands of the people who they say will protect us. When will they be held accountable? or did he fear for his life as he executed this man?"49ers receiverhas also been vocal on Twitter regarding the shooting."The world is [expletive] up," said 49ers rookie running back Kelvin Taylor via Twitter."The world we live in! Instead of police working to remove the weapon if there was one he yells "he's got a gun" to justify shooting this man...end result : a black person dead & cops will get away with murder Again," said 49ers safety"The violence is not new, it's the cameras that are," said Arizona Cardinals safety, who spent his college career in Baton Rouge while playing for LSU, via Twitter. That tweet was later deleted by Mathieu."No justice in America. What is Independence Day? Definitely means nothing to black people," declared Houston Texans receiver
The Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus has decided to renovate and restore the site of the Sept. 16 Washington, D.C. Navy Yard shooting, according to a Monday statement from the service provided to USNI News.
“The proposal will change the building's interior and exterior, which will create a new sense of space for returning employees,” read a statement.
In September, the Navy issued a $6.5 million contract to CH2M Hill Constructors, Inc. to give the Navy options on how to renovate building after the shooting where 13 people — including shooter Aaron Alexis — died.
The final contract is due to be awarded by the end of January and the renovation should be completed by 2015.
According to the statement, the following renovations will be part of the reconstruction:
– The northeast employee entrance will be refreshed.
– A new visitors' entrance will be constructed on the southern end of the historical building.
– The two historical atriums will be enclosed with glass as approved by the DC Historical Preservation Officer.
– Renovation of existing cafeteria.
– Construction of an appropriate Remembrance Area inside the building.
– New paint and carpeting.
– New Furniture.
In October, NAVSEA commander Vice Adm. William Hilarides said Building 197 suffered extensive damage from the FBI search for a suspected second shooter .
“They assumed there was a second shooter until they could prove otherwise and they blew open every door if it didn't have a window, if it had a window they broke the window. They cleared every single room,” Hilarides said. “The building is in pretty bad shape.”
NAVSEA staff could expect to work for up to a year in the former U.S. Coast Guard Headquarters at Buzzard Point in Southeast Washington, D.C. until the renovations are complete.
Popular drugs like D-Cold Total, Cetrizine, Combiflam, Panza-40 tablets, Ibuprofen, and antibiotics with ciprofloxacin, ofloxacin, Amoxycillin, Ciprofloxacin have tested as sub-standard by the Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO).
According to a 'Drug Alert for the Month of March' uploaded by CDSCO, about 60 medicines tested in various zonal offices of the agency have been found to be 'Not of Standard Quality/ Spurious/ Adulterated/ Misbranded'.
According to the CDSCO report, Combiflam was sub-standard because of 'disintegration', Ciprofloxacin Tablets IP 250mg due to 'assay', D Cold Total due to 'disintegration', Panza-40 Tablets due to 'dissolution', and so on.
Clarifying their stance, Sanofi, in a statement said,
"Certain batches of Combiflam that were manufactured in 2015 were deemed substandard because the tablets showed a delay in the disintegration time. There are several pharmaceutical parameters that are routinely assessed, one of which is to check the breakdown of a tablet in the human body. The batch identified by the CDSCO in March 2017 was also manufactured in 2015. Once we receive the official notice, we will ascertain the finding and take appropriate action.
"In the case of these specific 2015 batches of Combiflam, although the disintegration time was delayed, doctors and patients can be assured that there is no impact on the safety and efficacy of the product. Since the matter first arose last year, we have analysed the problem and taken appropriate remedial steps to ensure that the tablets disintegrate within the specified timelines."
The names of all the 60 drugs, including the details of the batch number, the date of manufacture, the date of expiry, and manufactured by, have been mentioned in the drug alert report for March on the CDSCO's website.
Sanofi added, "Combiflam continues to be a safe and efficacious analgesic used for relieving pain."
Trump's presidential desk has a tiny red button that he presses to order Coke
AP Photo/White House, Eric Draper
President Donald Trump has a tiny red button on his desk in the Oval Office.
It is not the nuclear button.
Instead, he can use to summon a butler on demand. And that butler will bring him Coca-Cola, according to Trump's interview with the Associated Press and another with the Financial Times.
something you never saw during previous administration, soda on the Resolute desk pic.twitter.com/U7hZPbmWKE — Kate Bennett (@KateBennett_DC) January 28, 2017
"Everyone does get a little nervous when I press that button," Trump told Financial Times reporter Demetri Sevastopulo.
When hosting the Associated Press at the oval office, Trump showed the reporters the red button, which sits in a rectangular wooden box. After pressing it a butler promptly arrived with a Coke for the president, the newswire service reported.
Here's Trump with a soft drink on his desk:
Tweet Embed:
https://twitter.com/mims/statuses/825397880030638080
something you never saw during previous administration, soda on the Resolute desk pic.twitter.com/U7hZPbmWKE
The call button is meant to be used to summon an aide whenever a president needs something, and it can be moved. President Barack Obama was seen sitting with the call button next to him at meetings in the past.
Here's Obama dining with then-Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, with the call box on the table in front of him:
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza
Join the conversation about this story »
NOW WATCH: Russia jailed the man who may become Putin's biggest challenger in the next election
See Also:
SEE ALSO: Trump is taking aim at one of America's closest allies — and he has bipartisan backing
Singer says record is 'almost unlistenable'
Lana Del Rey has confirmed that her second album, Ultra Violence, is finished, hinting at a much darker sound than on her debut, Born To Die.
Speaking with fans on Twitter, Lana Del Rey described the album as 'almost unlistenable', but in the best possible way. She does love a bit of drama.
"The record is finished and it's beautiful," she said online. "And don't worry you will love Ultra - it's so wrong and exquisite.
"It is absolutely gorgeous - darker then the first - so dark it's almost unlistenable and wrong," she added."But I love it."
Since the release of her debut album, Born To Die, many demo tracks from the star have leaked online, following an apparent theft of a hard drive containing unheard material. However, the only official new music heard from the star has been her Great Gatsby track, 'Young & Beautiful' and more recently, her cover of 'Once Upon A Dream' from new Disney movie, Maleficent.
Listen to 'Once Upon A Dream' below
At the end of last year, Del Rey announced plans for her second album, Ultra Violence, during the premiere for her Tropico movie. However, both leaked tracks are believed to be from demos from her early days and not taken from sessions for her next release. No further details or release date has been announced.
"I really just wanted us all to be together so I could close the chapter before I release my new album, Ultraviolence," she told her fans at the premiere, who responded to the news with screams and cheers.
Below: 8 things we want to hear on Lana Del Rey's Ultra Violence album
Motorola has set May 13th as the date that they will unveil their next smartphone, and we'll be there to tell you all about it. The event, which will take place in London, will see the introduction of "the next smartphone from Motorola to make these connections happen." The phone is said to be "made to last" and "priced for all", though the invitation is mum on any specifics about the phone. We have no indication that there will be a companion event in the United States, as we've seen several manufacturers do recently — HTC had simultaneous events in New York and London when they were unveiling the HTC One M8 — but considering that it's set for the morning in London, we doubt there will be one.
Motorola's current flagship, the Moto X was only revealed in August 2013, and the less expensive Moto G in November. Rumors have been swirling about a successor to the Moto X to be dubbed the Moto X+1, with leather being added to the current stable of colorful and wood backs available on the Moto X.
Whether the Moto X+1, an even thinner and more affordable Moto E, or another device is what we'll see in two weeks is unknown, but we'll definitely be on hand to bring you the best coverage of whatever Motorola's latest smartphone will be.
Product information:
GeForce GTX 1070Ti Dual X2 8192MB GDDR5 PCI-Express Graphics Card
The Palit GeForce GTX 1070 Ti Dual utilises a Dual Fan design which provides a 2 slot thermal solution for SLI users. With up to 3X the performance of previous-generation graphics cards, plus breakthrough gaming technologies and VR experiences its easy-to-understand why the 1070 Ti is one of the most advanced gaming GPUs ever created.
Nvidia Ansel in VR
Capture and create in-game screenshots that can be viewed in 360 degrees. Compose your screenshots from any position, adjust them with post-process filters, capture 4K HDR images in high-fidelity formats, and share them in 360 degrees using your mobile phone, PC, or VR headset.
Honeycomb Bracket
The design of honeycomb bracket increases airflow by up to 15%, allowing the heat generated from GPU to be exhausted via the honeycomb design bracket. This enables more efficient cooling effects.
0-dB TECH
Keep Silent while you are experiencing the multimedia application and general workload. The operating fans only occur while working on heavier loading such as gaming that the GPU temperature surpasses 50°C.
Dual Fan
A Dual Fan design offers double the cooling performance, and combined with the 9CM-9CM Smart Fans, heat is effectively drawn away from hot spots.
4K
With its three DisplayPort ports, the Palit provides a flawless, jaw dropping experience at 4K monitors surround.
DrMOS
DrMOS, originally only available for high-end server CPUs, is now available in all its glory in the next generation of Palit graphics cards. DrMOS offers high current circuits, low noise operation, and effective reduction of heat generating.
ThunderMaster
ThunderMaster is a utility program for the graphics card under Windows, and provides you to boost performance of the graphics card and to monitor the GPU information, which will only function correctly in conjunction with your new graphics adapter.
Features:
- Palit GeForce GTX 1070 Ti own design version, provides the best C/P ratio
- 8GB, 8Gbps on board memory
- Dual-slot, dual-fan design
- 0dB tech: Keep Silent while you are experiencing the multimedia application and general workload.
- Fans only work when GPU temperature is over 50 C.
- DrMOS
- Honeycomb Bracket
- ThunderMaster Utility
Specification:
- GPU: GeForce® GTX 1070Ti
- CUDA cores: 2432
- Video Memory: 8GB GDDR5
- Memory Bus: 256-bit
- Engine Clock Base: 1607 MHz
- Boost:1683 MHz
- Memory Clock: 8000 MHz
- PCI Express 3.0
- Display Outputs: 3 x DisplayPort 1.4, 1x HDMI 2.0b, 1x DL-DVI
- HDCP Support: Yes
- Multi Display Capability: Quad Display
- Recommended Power Supply: 500W
- Power Consumption: 150W
- Power Input: 1x 8-pin
- DirectX 12 API feature level 12_1
- OpenGL 4.5
- Slot Size: Triple Slot
- SLI: Yes
- Supported OS: Windows 10 / 8 / 7 / Vista
- Warranty: 2 Years
ULSTER (17) 27
Tries: Diack, Pienaar, Afoa Cons: Pienaar 3 Pens: Pienaar 2
MONTPELLIER (13) 16
Tries: Tchale Watchou Cons: Escande Pens: Escande 3
Ulster are still not guaranteed a Heineken Cup quarter-final place after missing out on a bonus point in their Pool Five win over Montpellier.
Tries from Robbie Diack and Ruan Pienaar moved Ulster 14-3 ahead before Robins Tchale-Watchou's score helped cut the margin to 17-13 at the break.
John Afoa's try brought Ulster to within one touchdown of a bonus point.
However, late pressure did not yield a fourth try which set up the prospect of a pool decider in Leicester next week.
Leicester will pip Ulster for top spot in the pool if they earn a bonus-point win over Treviso in Italy on Saturday and then beat the Irish province next weekend.
Media playback is not supported on this device Jackson frustrated despite Heineken victory
With out-of-contention Montpellier in the midst of poor run of form and also without several big names including Nicolas Mas, Francois Trinh-Duc and Jonathan Pelissie, table toppers Ulster went into Friday's game with odds of 1-33 to win.
However, the home side produced a nervous opening as Pienaar, uncharacteristically, missed a straightforward fourth-minute penalty before Eric Escande kicked the Top 14 club into the lead.
The Montpellier defence's fast line-speed appeared to unsettle Ulster early on with the home team's momentum also inhibited by Nick Williams conceding a couple of penalties.
Escande missed a chance to extend Montpellier's lead from long range before a frenetic period of play as both teams attempted to attack from deep after fielding long clearances.
Somewhat against the run of play, Ulster took the lead on 24 minutes as Diack fielded a superb cross-kick from Paddy Jackson before brushing off Lucas Dupont to score in the corner.
Heineken Cup Pool Five P W L Pts Ulster 5 5 0 22 Leicester 4 3 1 15 Montpellier 5 1 4 6 Treviso 4 0 4 0
Pienaar added the difficult conversion and he was the try-scorer three minutes later as the unlucky Dupont was unable to control the Ulster scrum-half's own chip over the defence as the ball squirmed from underneath his body and allowed the South African a simple touchdown.
Another successful Pienaar conversion extended Ulster's lead to 14-3 but Montpellier hit back within three minutes as Charles Geli's 20-metre charge deep into the home 22 set up Tchale-Watchou to score.
Escande added the difficult conversion and while another Pienaar penalty extended Ulster's lead to 17-10 in the 36th minute, the Montpellier kicker replied in kind with a long-range effort in injury-time.
Pienaar and Escande kicked penalties at either end after the restart which left Ulster still four ahead after 49 minutes.
However, Pienaar's kick over the defence bounced horribly for Escande and sat up perfectly for prop Afoa to charge over the line to score Ulster's third try in the 57th minute.
Pienaar added the conversion as Ulster had moved to within one try of the bonus-point win which would guarantee a quarter-final place.
As Ulster desperately chased their fourth try, Pienaar was held up by replacement Pierre Berard and Michael Allen was then bundled into touch in the corner as he attempted to reach over the line before time ran out.
Ulster remains strong favourites to progress to the last eight and could even have qualification in the bag at the conclusion of this weekend's action but this was not one of their better displays.
TEAMS
Ulster: J Payne; A Trimble, D Cave, L Marshall, C Gilroy; P Jackson, R Pienaar; T Court, R Best, J Afoa; J Muller (Captain), D Tuohy; R Diack, C Henry, N Williams. Replacements: R Herring for Best 71, C Black for Court 60, D Fitzpatrick for Afoa 62, I Henderson for Muller 62, R Wilson for Williams half-time, S Doyle for Henry 71.
Not used: P Marshall, M Allen.
Montpellier: A Floch; Y Artru, A Tuitavke, T Combezou, L Dupont; E Selpone, E Escande; N Leleimalefaga, C Geli (capt), M Bustos; M Demarco, R Tchale Watchou; K Galletier, A Bias, J Beattie. Replacements: M Nariashvili for Leleimalefaga 62, P Fa'amausili for Bustos 62, M Ivaldi for Tchale Watchou 79, F Quercy for Galletier 3, P Berard for Floch 60
Not used: T Nagusa, T Bianchin, B Paillaugue.
Referee: Wayne Barnes (RFU)
People on a series of redeye flights from San Francisco to Puerto Rico in late October "had no idea they were flying with 4,000 highly endangered toads," says Adam Fink, the zoological manager of the Oakland Zoo.
And rather than take up seat space or overhead bins, the tadpoles were stashed away in an insulated container in the plane's hold.
The tadpoles represent hope for the critically endangered Puerto Rican crested toad (Peltophryne lemur), the only toad native to Puerto Rico, and a unique species that had been thought extinct for much of the 20th century. Preferring arid or semi-arid areas of Karst limestone, the toads are identifiable by their unique head crests.
On October 20, the tadpoles were unpacked and safely released into ponds in two protected national forests in Puerto Rico. (Learn about a mass die-off of the bizarre scrotum frog.)
"This release will help bolster the numbers of the species significantly," says Fink, who leads reptile and amphibian breeding efforts at the Oakland Zoo.
The Puerto Rican crested toad has declined due to introduction to Puerto Rico of the marine toad and other invasive species, which eat the toads and tadpoles and outcompete them for resources. The crested toad has also experienced loss of habitat from development and intensive sugarcane production.
Scientists thought the species had gone extinct by the 1930s, until a small population was rediscovered in the '60s. A few individuals were taken into captivity, and they have been bred ever since at a number of zoos around the U.S. and Canada. Several of those zoos have been involved in a coordinated breeding program (facilitated by the American Zoo and Aquarium Association), which seeks to maximize the remaining genetic diversity of the species.
In October, a total of about 11,000 of the tadpoles were released on the island. They were bred at the Oakland Zoo and three other zoos: the North Carolina Zoo, Omaha Zoo, and Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita, Kansas.
Growing Toads
The Oakland Zoo has a special facility for breeding the toads, a species that was chosen because of its rareness and high priority among the scientific community (the zoo also works with several endangered California species). The zoo has 19 adult Puerto Rican crested toads on hand.
When it's time for breeding—based on a schedule coordinated across participating zoos—Fink places a few carefully selected individuals in a wine refrigerator. That readily available equipment has a fine level of temperature control, so the cold-blooded toads can be gradually cooled. When their body temperatures get to the mid 60s, they begin to hibernate.
After a few weeks, the toads are gradually warmed back up, causing them to wake up. Next, they are placed in a "rain chamber," a terrarium with plastic plants and a soil substrate. Regular dousing with imitation rain puts the amphibians in the mood.
The toads are paired with potential mates, which are typically sent from other zoos on loan, in a plan to maximize genetic diversity. If they hit it off, the males fertilize the females' eggs. Within a few days, those eggs develop into tadpoles, which can be carefully scooped up.
To count the little wigglers, Fink places the tadpoles into shallow pools and takes their picture. With a Sharpie, he counts each one on the image—recently he counted 4,096, a big increase over last year's 732. The tadpoles are then packed up and driven to the airport.
"We've had great luck shipping them via commercial airlines," Fink says.
Hopeful Future
Fink hopes the toad will begin to rebound and re-establish itself on its own over time, although challenges with invasive species and limited habitat remain. Still, wildlife managers are now more aware of the threats.
And the species does not seem to be susceptible to the invasive chytrid fungus that is attacking so many other amphibians around the world.
Frogs and toads play important roles in their ecosystems, Fink adds, from keeping insects in check to serving as a food source for larger animals.
A number of rare frogs and toads have been immortalized in the photos of Joel Sartore through his Photo Ark project, which is supported by the National Geographic Society.
In the lower east end of Toronto, half a dozen technicians are easing a 3500-pound camera contraption onto ramps in order to elevate it just enough to capture the scene that will soon take place below. Stand-ins are in place as the technicians secure this “Technodolly” to stop it from vibrating when director David Frazee eventually yells “action” on episode 409 of “Orphan Black,” and all five camera operators work in sync to create Tatiana Maslany's famous clones.
It's business as usual for the crew, who have had four seasons to perfect the art of capturing the intricate layers used to bring the BBC America/Space co-production to life. In the top-secret scene of the season's penultimate episode, Maslany, Ari Millen and Jordan Gavaris work around stand-in Kathryn Alexandre and eventually a mounted tennis ball in order to keep the eyelines even and fluid. Once they have the original take wrapped, however, the Technodolly takes over and the magic of film is unleashed.
At this point in the process, the camera — which was a relatively new technology in 2012 when the series began filming — is a standard tool the show has come to rely on despite its hefty cost. According to co-creator, co-showrunner and director John Fawcett, there are only three available to them in the area: in Toronto, New York and Vancouver. And with more productions (such as “Heroes Reborn”) exploring the tech in Toronto's sci-fi heavy filming district, the producer has found himself having to call in a machine from out of town on days when he hasn't been able to book it in time. It's the same scenario when a Technodolly breaks down, which happened back in Season 2. Too heavy for a flight — it's essentially “a silent crane with a 10-foot reach” — a machine was driven the 40-odd hours from Vancouver in order to shoot the integral scene instead. Given that there's only one Maslany and more than 10 clones for her to portray at this point in the show, it's the only way to keep the Leda universe intact.
Related ‘Orphan Black' Gets After-Show, Cast Teases Season 4 Mysteries and Returning Favorites ‘Orphan Black' Sneak Peek: Watch First Four Minutes of Season 4 Premiere
“It gets easier every time you do it, but John always wants to push the limits of what we're able to do with the technology,” Maslany explains. “No part of it is natural, but the great thing is we always rehearse the scenes a lot with people in there so I've got a good sense of just what it would be like if there was another person there.”
Behind-the-scenes, that rehearsal is even greater. Visual effects supervisor Geoff Scott reveals that some of the bigger, trademark “Orphan Black” scenes, such as the Season 3 dinner party or the infamous sophomore season dance party, can take up to 1500 man hours to assemble, and often come with at least 20 hours of meetings. Even then, an idea isn't always guaranteed to work. Most recently for the show's fourth season finale, Fawcett had to put his original idea for the execution of a clone-heavy scene on hold and go with a back-up plan instead.
“We just couldn't pull it off, but I don't want to say what it is because I like it too much and I want to use it someplace,” he says. “Maybe I'll do it in the season premiere next year.” In the end, Fawcett and co. found another way to convey the emotional scene, which he promises will be unlike anything ever featured on the show.
“That scene was a mix of an emotional challenge and a technical one,” Maslany teases. “The scene is a climactic scene in the episode and in the season, actually. It's definitely complicated when you do a heavy emotional scene in that context. It was a real test, for sure.”
In terms of Season 4 itself, it seems as though there will be plenty of emotions to go around. Now that the controversial Castor storyline has come to a close, the series will experience a return to its roots. That includes revisiting Neolution — the scientific organization obsessed with genetic meddling that viewers encountered in the first season — and more of an exploration into Beth's tragic past. It also features the introduction of new clone M.K., a hacker sort, who lives on the outskirts of society and comes into contact with Sarah in a new, unexplored way.
“I don't want to repeat what I've done, so I'm always trying to come up with different clever ways to make a camera move or different and unique ways to make clones interact — all the directors do,” Fawcett says. “We've done some really cool stuff this year and we push the boundaries a lot with them trying to actually touch each other.”
At this point in the series, it can be easy for viewers and even the producers to sometimes forget that it's a visual effect they're watching — and not just several Maslany clones performing the various roles — as seamless as she makes it feel. It's a feat Fawcett and his team have been attempting for years, and one they hope has taken this fictional world to the next level. At the very least, it's helped to garner considerable critical acclaim and awards buzz for Maslany.
“It doesn't even really look like a visual effect shot anymore, it just looks like two people in the same space so you don't really question it,” Fawcett says. “But it is complicated — obviously there aren't two Tatianas, but it's easy to forget that because she's so good.”
“Orphan Black” Season 4 premieres Thursday, April 14 at 10 p.m. on BBC America in the U.S. and Space in Canada.
Today, the nation's top health economists released a study that throws a huge “STOP” sign in front of ObamaCare's Medicaid expansion.
The Oregon Health Insurance Experiment, or OHIE, may be the most important study ever conducted on health insurance. Oregon officials randomly assigned thousands of low-income Medicaid applicants – basically, the most vulnerable portion of the group that would receive coverage under ObamaCare's Medicaid expansion – either to receive Medicaid coverage, or nothing. Health economists then compared the people who got Medicaid to the people who didn't. The OHIE is the only randomized, controlled study ever conducted on the effects of having health insurance versus no health insurance. Randomized, controlled studies are the gold standard of such research.
Consistent with lackluster results from the first year, the OHIE's second-year results found no evidence that Medicaid improves the physical health of enrollees. There were some modest improvements in depression and financial strain–but it is likely those gains could be achieved at a much lower cost than through an extremely expensive program like Medicaid. Here are the study's results and conclusions:
We found no significant effect of Medicaid coverage on the prevalence or diagnosis of hypertension or high cholesterol levels or on the use of medication for these conditions. Medicaid coverage significantly increased the probability of a diagnosis of diabetes and the use of diabetes medication, but we observed no significant effect on average glycated hemoglobin levels or on the percentage of participants with levels of 6.5% or higher. Medicaid coverage decreased the probability of a positive screening for depression [by 30 percent], increased the use of many preventive services, and nearly eliminated catastrophic out-of-pocket medical expenditures… This randomized, controlled study showed that Medicaid coverage generated no significant improvements in measured physical health outcomes in the first 2 years, but it did increase use of health care services, raise rates of diabetes detection and management, lower rates of depression, and reduce financial strain.
As one of the study's authors explained to me, it did not find any effect on mortality because the sample size is too small. Mortality rates among the targeted population – able-bodied adults 19-64 below 100 percent of poverty who aren't already eligible for government health insurance programs – are already very low. So even if expanding Medicaid reduces mortality among this group, and there is ample room for doubt, the effect would be so small that this study would be unable to detect it. That too is reason not to implement the Medicaid expansion. This is not a population that is going to start dying in droves if states decline to participate.
There is no way to spin these results as anything but a rebuke to those who are pushing states to expand Medicaid. The Obama administration has been trying to convince states to throw more than a trillion additional taxpayer dollars at Medicaid by participating in the expansion, when the best-designed research available cannot find any evidence that it improves the physical health of enrollees. The OHIE even studied the most vulnerable part of the Medicaid-expansion population – those below 100 percent of the federal poverty level – yet still found no improvements in physical health.
If Medicaid partisans are still determined to do something, the only responsible route is to launch similar experiments in other states, with an even larger sample size, to determine if there is anything the OHIE might have missed. Or they could design smaller, lower-cost, more targeted efforts to reduce depression and financial strain among the poor. (I propose deregulating health care.) This study shows there is absolutely no warrant to expand Medicaid at all.
Syrian rebels have recruited teenagers as young as 15 to fight in the country's civil war, according to a rights group.
The New York-based Human Rights Watch said on Monday that rebels have been using child soldiers in roles including soldiers, stretcher bearers and suicide bombers.
The horrors of Syria's armed conflict are only made worse by throwing children into the front lines. Human Rights Watch
According to the 31-page report, various factions in the country's compex civil war have recruited minors, including the Western-backed Free Syrian Army, the Islamic Front, the Nusra Front and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
Military and police forces in Kurdish-controlled areas have also used teenagers, it said.
"Syrian armed groups should not prey on vulnerable children who have seen their relatives killed, schools shelled, and communities destroyed by enlisting them in their forces," said Priyanka Motaparthy, the author of the report.
"The horrors of Syria's armed conflict are only made worse by throwing children into the front lines."
Former child soldiers interviewed
HRW said the Nusra Front and ISIL have both targeted children through education programmes, which include military training. Teenage former fighters told HRW how commanders encouraged the youths to volunteer for suicide missions.
The rights group also said some opposition groups have moved to end the use of teenage fighters. Syria's main Western-backed political opposition group, the Syrian National Council, and Kurdish officials have both declared their commitment to ending the practice.
HRW, which said the number of children fighting in the conflict is unknown, based its report on interviews with 25 current and former child soldiers in Syria. It said the report does not cover pro-government forces, which are also alleged to have used child fighters.
The reasons young people joined the armed groups varied, according to the report. Some followed family members or friends, while others were already in conflict zones and had no other option.
HRW published a similar report in 2012, saying that children as young as 14 were being recruited.
CRESTVIEW HILLS, Ky. – Thomas More college opened its women's basketball season Tuesday with a win over Centre College, but it did so under probation. Earlier in the day, the NCAA had ordered Thomas More College to forfeit one of its two consecutive national women's basketball championships.
What an absolute joke. The NCAA can take what they want but the memories and friendships will last a lifetime! #StillHave2Rings — Sydney Moss (@sydvicious40) November 15, 2016
The NCAA found that Sydney Moss, Thomas More's three-time Division III Player of the Year, was ineliglble during the 2014-15 season, the college announced Tuesday.
"What an absolute joke," Moss tweeted. "The NCAA can take what they want but the memories and friendships will last a lifetime!"
Moss lived cost-free with a former part-time assistant coach, Jerry Allen, while recuperating from March 2014 knee surgery. The housing arrangement - ruled an impermissible extra benefit by the NCAA - started in April 2014 and continued for the rest of the calendar year, according to the NCAA report.
The NCAA ordered Thomas More to vacate its 2015 Division III title and all of its victories during the 2014-15 season, and imposed additional penalties on program. Moss' Player of the Year award for 2014-15 and her stats will be stricken from the records. But it didn't ban the Saints from the 2017 tournament.
Thomas More president David Armstrong said the penalties resulted from "the honest though mistaken belief" that Allen's long-time, mentor-mentee relationship with Moss excluded their housing arrangement from being an NCAA violation.
Moss, daughter of former NFL star Randy Moss, led Thomas More to two straight 33-0 seasons and Division III titles in 2015 and 2016. Moss used up her eligibility and no longer attends Thomas More.
The NCAA Division III Committee on Infractions found that:
Thomas More failed to monitor its women's basketball program when it did not identify and report the impermissible living arrangement.
Head coach Jeff Hans failed to fulfill his responsibilities when he did not monitor Allen and did not promote an atmosphere for compliance in his program.
Thomas More athletics staff did not know NCAA compliance rules.
"I take full responsibility for not recognizing the gravity of the situation," Hans said at a news conference Tuesday afternoon at Thomas More. "... There was no intention to gain a competitive advantage. We got it wrong and I take ownership of that."
READ individual statements from Armstrong, Hans and Athletic Director Terry Connor.
According to the NCAA report, Moss lived alone in an upstairs, off-campus apartment and both she and Allen "had concerns about her physical limitations [after surgery]. They were also worried about the safety of the neighborhood."
Moss' mother stayed with her for about a week, and Moss stayed briefly with a friend before returning to her apartment, the NCAA report says. Then she moved into Allen's house.
READ the report from the Division III Committee on Infractions.
"When she hurt her knee, she was living in an apartment that she had to go upstairs to ... there were stairs," Armstrong said. "She had a job. She couldn't work the job. She couldn't walk up the stairs …”
“She went to the closest family member, in her words, that was there - which was the Allen family.”
Armstrong said there was "no deliberate violation of NCAA rules" by any Thomas More employee, and he blamed ambiguity in the NCAA rules regarding a pre-existing relationship between coach and player.
"Even the NCAA staff expressed uncertainty" over it, Armstrong said. He called it a "subjective NCAA interpretation."
Armstrong said he and Hans met with this year's team shortly before noon Tuesday and gave them the bad news. The defending champion Saints open their season tonight.
"It was very emotional. It was tough," Armstrong said of the meeting. But he said the players would overcome this "adversity."
For as good as they are as a basketball team, Armstrong said, "our players are 1,000 times better ladies and our coaches are 1,000 better people."
Moss, who is living in West Virginia, did not attend the news conference.
The NCAA and Thomas More imposed the following additional penalties against the college:
Public reprimand and censure for the college.
Two years of probation from Nov. 15, 2016, through Nov. 14, 2018.
A $2,500 fine (self-imposed by the college).
An outside audit of the college's athletics program, with an emphasis on financial aid policies and procedures. The school must implement all recommendations made by the reviewer (self-imposed by the college).
The NCAA estimated the impermissible extra benefit was worth $5,000 including housing, meals and brief use of a vehicle. The NCAA said it found that the violations were "major," though Hans asserted that his violation was "secondary."
Armstrong said Thomas More fought back against the NCAA's original findings.
"They came back with five major violations. We could have taken this to summary disposition and imposed penalties, but one of the violations said that Jerry Allen committed unethical conduct," Armstrong said.
"We could have easily thrown him under the bus, but that's not the kind of institution we are. We found no evidence of unethical behavior, so we asked the enforcement staff to drop that charge and then we'll move on to summary disposition. They chose not to, so we asked for a hearing on the committee on infractions and they dropped the unethical charge after the hearing."
Here is a summary verbatim from the report (it did not identify Moss, Allen or Hans by name):
"For eight months, the former assistant coach provided free housing to a student-athlete while she recovered from surgery. Even though the former assistant coach and his family had an existing relationship with the student-athlete, NCAA rules do not allow college employees to provide cost-free housing to student-athletes. "While the student-athlete was living with the former assistant coach, three staff members learned of the arrangement and assumed it was permissible without checking to see if it would be allowed under NCAA rules. Because the staff members did not recognize the arrangement as an extra benefit, the student-athlete competed an entire season while ineligible. "The head coach failed to monitor his former assistant coach when he was unaware of the living arrangement until the former assistant coach brought it to his attention. He approved of the situation until the athletics director learned of it and decided to end it due to the appearance of a student-athlete living with a coach. The head coach did not promote an atmosphere for compliance when he did not follow department protocol and seek clarification about the living arrangement with the athletics director. "Throughout the entire process, individuals at the college misunderstood NCAA rules and believed the arrangement was permissible. The committee found the misunderstandings stemmed from the college's failure to provide adequate rules education. Because of the lack of education, staff members were unable to recognize that the arrangement was impermissible and did not consult with others to make sure it followed the rules. Because it did not provide rules education and did not recognize the impermissible living arrangement, the college did not monitor its women's basketball program."
Allen and his family had a long-time relationship with Moss going back to when she played on a seventh-grade AAU team and Allen coached an opposing team, the report says. Moss joined Allen's team the next season and hung out with his son at their house and played video games. Allen and his wife considered Moss "a big sister" for their son.
Allen moved his family to California, but they stayed in touch with Moss. After starring at Boone County High School and winning Kentucky's "Miss Basketball," Moss took a basketball scholarship at the University of Florida, and Allen moved back to the Tri-State and became a volunteer assistant at Thomas More. After Moss left the D-I school, Allen said he actively recruited her for Thomas More, according to the NCAA report.
After learning of possible violations, Thomas More declared Moss ineligible on Nov. 18, 2015, and immediately sought her reinstatement. The NCAA reinstatement staff then allowed her to play during the 2015-2016 season "with conditions," the report says.
The NCAA said it first learned of possible violations from a "confidential source" in February 2015. After getting more information from a source that June, the NCAA contacted Thomas More about the matter that August, and Thomas More submitted a written response in September.
Armstrong criticized the NCAA for taking seven months to notify the school and said the allegations "could have been investigated and addressed" before the 2015 Division III tournament if Thomas More had been notified.
Armstrong pledged that Thomas More "would promote itself as a leader in NCAA compliance" and work to clear up ambiguities in the rules.
This boy's ethnic group, the Ari, is closely related to a prehistoric African who lived in the Ethiopian highlands. PHOTO: © BEN PIPE/ROBERT HARDING WORLD IMAGERY/CORBIS
Africa is the birthplace of our species and the source of ancient migrations that spanned the globe. But it has missed out on a revolution in understanding human origins: the study of ancient DNA. Although researchers have managed to sequence the genomes of Neandertals from Europe, prehistoric herders from Asia, and Paleoindians from the Americas, Africa's hot and humid climate has left little ancient DNA intact for scientists to extract. As a result, “Africa was left out of the party,” says anthropological geneticist Jason Hodgson of Imperial College London.
Until now. A paper published online this week in Science (http://scim.ag/MGLlorente) reveals the first prehistoric genome from Africa: that of Mota, a hunter-gatherer man who lived 4500 years ago in the highlands of Ethiopia. Named for the cave that held the remains, the Mota genome “is an impressive feat,” says Hodgson, who was not involved in the work. It “gives our first glimpse into what an African genome looked like prior to many of the recent population movements.” And when compared with the genomes of living Africans, it implies something startling. Africa is usually seen as a source of outward migrations, but the genomes suggest a major migration into Africa by farmers from the Middle East, possibly about 3500 years ago. These farmers' DNA reached deep into the continent, spreading even to groups considered isolated, such as the Khoisan of South Africa and the pygmies of the Congo.
Anthropologists John and Kathryn Arthur of the University of South Florida, St. Petersburg, discovered the skeleton in 2012 at Mota Cave in southwest Ethiopia after local Gamo elders led the pair to the cave, a hiding place for the Gamo during wartime. The Arthurs unearthed the skeleton of an adult male beneath a stone layer and dated it to 4500 years ago using radiocarbon. The researchers analyzed the petrous bone of the inner ear, which can sometimes preserve more DNA than other bones.
DNA had indeed survived in the ear bone, perhaps aided by the cool temperatures in the highland cave. Researchers were able to sequence each DNA base more than 12.5 times on average, considered a high-quality genome. When population geneticist Andrea Manica and graduate student Marcos Gallego Llorente at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom analyzed the sequence, they found that the Mota man had brown eyes and dark skin, as well as three gene variants associated with adaptation to high altitudes; some peaks in the highlands reach 4500 meters, as high as the Matterhorn.
By comparing 250,000 base pairs from Mota's genome with the same sites in individuals from 40 populations in Africa and 81 populations from Europe and Asia, the team found that Mota was most closely related to the Ari, an ethnic group that still lives nearby in the Ethiopian highlands. They zeroed in on the DNA that the Ari carry but Mota doesn't, which was presumably added during the past 4500 years. They found that Mota lacks about 4% to 7% of the DNA found in the Ari and all other Africans examined. This new DNA most closely matches that of modern Sardinians and a prehistoric farmer who lived in Germany. Hints of these early farmers' DNA previously had turned up in some living Africans, but Mota helped researchers zero in on the farmer's genetic signature in Africa, and to establish when it arrived.
Manica suggests that both the European farmers and living Africans inherited this DNA from the same source—a population in the Middle East, perhaps Anatolia or Mesopotamia. Some of these Middle Easterners headed into Europe and Asia starting 8000 years ago, and were the first farmers of Europe (Science, 20 February, p. 814). But other descendants of this population migrated into Africa, likely after Mota lived. This fits with traces of Middle Eastern grains found in Africa and dated to 3000 to 3500 years ago.
Because so many far-flung Africans still carry the farmers' DNA, the study suggests a “huge” migration, Manica says. Farming had already been established in Africa by this time, but the newcomers likely had some advantage that explains why their genes spread. “It must have been lots of people coming in or maybe they had new crops that were very successful,” Manica says.
Population geneticist David Reich of Harvard University is struck by the magnitude of the mixing between Africans and Eurasians. He notes that “a profound migration of farmers moving from Mesopotamia to North Africa has long been speculated.” But, he says, “a western Eurasian migration into every population they study in Africa—into the Mbuti pygmies and the Khoisan? That's surprising and new.”
Migrations into and out of Africa were likely complex and ongoing. “This study is significant on its own,” Hodgson says. “But hopefully it is only just the beginning of ancient African genomics”.
Story highlights Chinese authorities black out a CNN report on the situation in Tibet
Buddhist nuns and monks have been carrying out ritual self-immolation
They are protesting against what they claim is the ongoing oppression by Chinese authorities
Beijing says these are dangerous men determined to tear Tibet from China
It's after 10 p.m. when we see a light in the distance. We've traveled for more than three hours up a windy, icy road in western China.
Our hope is to get to the Tibetan autonomous zone, in the mountainous region of Sichuan province, an area reportedly locked in an ever-growing spiral of violence.
We're so close, only an hour or so away. And then the light.
Within minutes, we grind to a halt. A policeman is flashing a flashlight in my face. Our Chinese driver is already outside the car. We won't be going any farther tonight.
Roadblocks like this are strewn across the back roads of this province. For weeks, ethnic Tibetans and Chinese security forces have been locked in conflict
Buddhist nuns and monks have been carrying out ritual self-immolation. It is a gruesome protest against what they claim is the ongoing oppression by Chinese authorities.
JUST WATCHED Tibetan exiles set foot on native soil Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Tibetan exiles set foot on native soil 01:43
JUST WATCHED A chance for Tibetans Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH A chance for Tibetans 01:11
As our car turns back, our driver calls a Tibetan contact. Something serious is going down. The Tibetan says his village is crawling with police and the military. Later, local news reports tell of two Tibetans killed in protests.
But many of the villages that straddle the mountains are inhabited by Han Chinese, the dominant ethnic group in China. Inside the houses, lights are on, as people eat, watch TV and talk. We ask what they're hearing. They tell us they have little time for the Tibetans. They call them lazy and accuse them of living off government handouts.
One woman claims the Han Chinese are being targeted by violent Tibetan gangs. Local media reports say more than a dozen people have already been killed.
There is hysteria, bigotry and fear here. It is fueled by government secrecy and a constant stream of military and police vehicles. Much of the province is in lockdown.
In the capital city of Chengdu, police vehicles are seen moving into position at dawn. Soon, they are on every corner, armed police patrolling the streets. They are tightening their grip on this heavily Tibetan populated neighborhood.
It's hard to get people to talk here. We see a group of young monks on a corner and wave them over. They agree to take us to their living quarters. Here in a tiny one-bedroom apartment, four beds crammed against the walls and their food tied in sacks, the monks tell us they are verbally abused and harassed by police, pushed to breaking point.
"I cannot bear it any longer - any more," says one.
They are far from their home in the mountains; cut off they say, they cannot even make contact by phone.
"We want to go but we cannot, you can see all the security out there. Wherever you go, they see you. We cannot go anywhere," he says.
We ask if he's afraid, but he just looks at a picture of the Buddha, a smile on his face.
"I can't explain," he says, "but I'm not afraid."
In their pouch, the monks hold a keepsake of their spiritual leader the Dalai Lama, too sacred to even show us. This pouch, they say, carries a dream.
"We wish what all Tibetans wish for the most: for the Dalai Lama to return to the palace in Tibet."
They know about the self-immolation of other Buddhists; they say they support them and vow it will continue until China leaves Tibet.
For the Chinese government, though, these are dangerous men -- part of what they call a "splittist" element, determined to tear Tibet from China.
Throughout our interview, we have been watched. Later, our vehicle is followed. Our driver says his family has received threatening phone calls.
On our way to the airport, a car, rather suspiciously, rams into the back of our taxi.
As we make our way to the service counters, we are followed by plainclothes security talking constantly on mobile phones. Eventually trying to clear airport security, we're grabbed by police. We are marched to an airport police station and detained and questioned for five hours. Police keep some of our video.
They want to know who we spoke to, what we are doing here, where we've been and why we want to cover this story. We have our own questions -- questions authorities are answering only with roadblocks and police.
Later, Chinese authorities black out CNNI when our report airs about the situation in the ethnically Tibetan area.
There are claims and counter-claims in this dark conflict. All of it is being played out behind a veil of secrecy in the mountains of western China.
As is well known by now, the Los Angeles Lakers will only keep their first-round draft pick if it lands in the top-3. At 18-36, the team currently has the third-worst record in the NBA so holding on to that pick is a major question mark.
This draft is believed to be one of the deepest so the Lakers holding on to the pick, whether they pick someone or use it as trade bait, is important. If they do keep it, the draft is full of guards with Washington's Markelle Fultz and UCLA's Lonzo Ball viewed as the cream of the crop.
There has been some discussion about how those guards could fit next to current Lakers point guard D'Angelo Russell and in his latest mock draft, ESPN's Chad Ford had the Lakers selecting Ball:
“Ball is especially appealing to the Lakers. His elite passing ability combined with his unselfishness has the potential to make everyone on the roster better and allow head coach Luke Walton to play the sort of game at which the Warriors have excelled. Russell can swing to the 2 and, along with Ball and Jordan Clarkson, would give the Lakers three ballhandling guards.”
There is no doubt that the Lakers and their fans would be thrilled if they could come away with a talent like Ball. He is an outstanding passer and shooter and would give Luke Walton another player who could play both guard spots. He and Russell together would make a devastating pair.
All of this is still dependent on the Lakers keeping the pick. Walton recently made a move to give more minutes to the youth on the roster, starting Brandon Ingram and Tarik Black in place of Luol Deng and Timofey Mozgov. Of course, as they grow and develop, the kids could get some wins down the stretch of this season as well, as they showed with Monday's performance against the Knicks.
The Lakers are in a delicate situation in regards to their pick, but getting another big-time talent would be huge for this franchise.
‘Fuck off, is that true?' says Bob Mortimer. He can't quite believe it when I tell him Reeves and Mortimer are 25 years old. But then he's also asked for a whopping four sugars in his tea and then complained that I didn't add enough milk. I've given up trying to decipher when he's being genuine and when he's just messing.
They first worked together on the London comedy circuit in 1986, but this year marks a quarter century since Vic and Bob's ground-breaking TV debut, ‘Vic Reeves Big Night Out', which introduced the pair's chaotic surrealism, frying pan-based slapstick and catchphrase ‘What's on the end of the stick, Vic?' to an unsuspecting public. Twenty-five years later, their influence looms over the comedy world, and as their latest project – stupid studio sitcom ‘House of Fools' – proves, they're still as gleefully daft as ever. As series two starts on BBC Two, I spoke to Vic Reeves (real name Jim Moir) and Bob Mortimer about their quarter century on our screens.
Do you see your influence in other comics' work?
Bob ‘Oh yeah. Everywhere. Especially with the panel show stuff.'
Vic ‘“Shooting Stars” has seeped into “8 Out of 10 Cats” and this sort of things, and now you see it all over.'
Bob ‘Talking about it seems slightly bitter, but it's a good thing when you see it done. You see a “Celebrity Juice” and you go, “Oh fuck, it's the thing we did!” Even a show like “QI” – which is so far away from “Shooting Stars” in many ways – you see them with wacky noises and silly buzzers. “Shooting Stars” changed panel shows a bit for ever, I think.'
Have you spotted any other obvious Vic and Bob-esque moments on TV?
Bob ‘Oh, tons.'
Vic ‘Yeah, loads. There was even one from “House of Fools” that Ant and Dec did. Bob was sad, and there was a tiny violinist there, so he put a cup over him and put him down the sink. And on their “Saturday Kitch…” What's it called?'
Bob ‘“Saturday Night Kitchen.”'
Vic ‘“Saturday Night Takeaway” they had the same thing. One of them was sad, and they had a violinist – even playing the same tune! You see things like that all the time.'
Bob ‘But I suppose it's bound to happen. As you say, it's been 25 years.'
‘Shooting Stars' ended in 2011, when the BBC decided to have fewer panel shows on BBC Two. Could it ever return?
Bob ‘I've got a feeling, yeah. There wasn't any ill will – they had these massive cuts. I always think it could come back.'
Vic ‘They were really good fun. We'd rehearse long, long hours because there were loads of pre-records, which you don't get in any other panel show.'
Bob ‘It's expensive, which doesn't help in the pecking order. But the last series was great. It's good fun meeting celebrities, seeing what they're like and that.'
Who were your favourite guests?
Vic ‘I did enjoy dancing with the Pussycat Doll. What's her name? Kimberly Wyatt?'
Bob ‘The blonde one?'
Vic ‘Yeah. When my trousers fell down and I was naked [laughs].'
Were there any difficult celebs?
Vic ‘Jordan was…'
Bob ‘…Jordan was Jordan. She was just a bit aloof.'
Vic ‘“Don't mention me tits,” she said. “Don't you dare mention me tits.” So the gag was that I gave her a pair of blue tits and a pair of knockers – but I never mentioned them.'
Bob ‘I think people that came on quite fancied coming on. They couldn't plug a book or sell anything.'
Vic ‘Well, Robin Gibb said, “I'll only go on if I can play my new song.” So we had to go, “We'll have a pause now and listen to your new record.” It really didn't sit well.'
Bob ‘Everyone just sat there. And then we went, “That's really nice, Robin. Right, the next round is…” But most people wanted to be there, I reckon.'
Series two of ‘House of Fools' starts this week. Did you find this one easier to write than the first series?
Bob ‘They don't take us very long to write. If we've written one and we read it through and it doesn't sit, we just write another one.'
Vic ‘This one has a lot more in it. We've gone more in-depth in the stories, there are subplots.'
The second episode is about a danceathon, and you both show off your moves. Who's the better dancer?
Bob ‘We're both fucking good, excellent dancers.'
Vic ‘For thrill factor, I don't think we can be touched.'
Are you hoping the producers of ‘Strictly' will watch that episode?
Vic ‘No. I've been asked plenty of times, there's no way I'd go and do that. I just end up laughing at it, especially with those costumes. Bob, would you go on it?'
Bob ‘No fucking chance. It looks like real hard work to me.'
Vic ‘I guess people do “Strictly” and things like that so they can be more well known to flog something. We've never really done that. We're kind of like an indie band that carried on for a long time.'
There's a new cast member this series, Ellie White. You've often given new comedy talent TV breaks. How have you discovered them?
Bob ‘I saw Daniel [Simonsen, Erik in “House of Fools”] doing a live thing in Edinburgh. With Matt Lucas, he did an open spot underneath a pub – he got on stage and just swore his head off.'
Vic ‘The “Fast Show” guys used to do stuff with us on “Big Night Out”. I knew Paul and Charlie and that from knocking about in Norwich years ago, and they went, “We want to get Equity cards, can we do something on your show?” “Yep, come on!”'
Do you see a lot, comedy-wise?
Vic ‘Do we go to sea a lot?'
Bob ‘Do we perform on the sea?'
No no, do you go to see a lot of comedy?
Bob ‘I go up to Edinburgh every year. I chance across a venue and I stay there for the whole day. That's where I saw Ellie White.'
Fluffed lines and gaffes make it in to the final edit. Does that add to the show's charm?
Vic ‘We don't encourage it, because you can't manufacture it, but it's been rehearsed over and over, so you still try to look for moments of reality.'
Bob ‘We try to make it a bit theatrical – we come out and sing to camera. I'm not sure we get it right, but it's our way of trying to make it feel like you're having the same experience at home as the studio audience.'
Vic ‘But if you can get a good bit of corpsing in, that's the best thing you can manage.'
Bob ‘And when Matt Berry [who plays Beef] comes out, however many times I've seen it, I just start laughing.'
I've read that you used to grade your lunacy to keep it in check. Do you still ration it?
Bob ‘You're certainly aware that if you've had, say, a “category three” bit of lunacy you then need to settle down to a period of “ones”. It's not a science, but three-three-three-three-three would just get tiresome.'
Are you tempted to just write ‘threes'?
Bob ‘We have in the past. They were always the things we looked forward to. Something like “Talc and Turnips” is just “threes.”'
Have you ever been asked to tone down the weirdness, or had to compromise?
Vic ‘We've never kowtowed. We've been lucky, we've had the luxury of being able to do what we want to do. When we first started we didn't even bother sending scripts. But it was a lot easier then. It's very different now.'
Do you think your early programmes would be commissioned today?
Bob ‘Their equivalents? Fuck, I mean, they certainly wouldn't be on a TV channel, I think it would be digital. That's our experience of producing: if it's different it's forced into the digital arena. But maybe that's a good thing. When we started, Channel 4 felt a bit like that. It doesn't now, but it felt like a natural home for something completely out of the blue back then.'
In 2011 you announced that you were planning a few live shows in Leeds. Did they ever happen?
Vic ‘No, we couldn't afford it. It ended up costing too much.'
Bob ‘And you can't charge… Well, I don't know how much you charge for a comedy ticket these days, 20 quid or something?'
Well, Jerry Seinfeld charged £100.
Bob ‘Fuck! Really? God, you'd feel that you would have to be fucking funny, wouldn't you? It was a little venue, and before we knew it is was costing too much. But we'll probably do a tour this year, won't we, Jim? I think we'll dip our feet in the water, and see if people are still interested.'
Vic ‘We don't know what it's going to be yet.'
Bob ‘If we wanted to do a show where we've got desks and Greg Mitchell Labradors and Judge Nutmeg Chariots and all that stuff, it's expensive. So we're wondering whether people might like to just see us two – we dunno! It'd be nice to do “House of Fools” in the West End. That'd be fun.'
Vic ‘Oh, I'd like to do that.'
After this long working together, do you get on each other's nerves?
Bob ‘I don't think we do at all.'
Vic ‘Not at all.'
Have you ever locked horns, or disagreed?
Vic ‘No, never.'
Bob ‘It's just not our way, is it, Jim? We don't really lock horns with anyone. I'd say I've seen you – not exactly lose your rag – but do that once.'
Vic ‘What, with that costume woman?'
Bob ‘Yeah.'
Vic ‘But that was just because she couldn't be bothered! And she scuppered us because we didn't have any costumes, and she said, “that doesn't matter, just wear that.”'
Bob ‘[Laughs] But, no, I just don't think it's in our nature, it's not in our mix.'
Are you planning any celebrations for your twenty-fifth anniversary?
Vic ‘I don't think so. I ignore my birthdays.'
Bob ‘We've got a new band, where we sing very high-pitched songs and smoke at the same time. We're thinking of taking that to Glastonbury, to celebrate.'
Headlining the pyramid stage, perhaps?
Bob ‘Yeah, we should! But just for five minutes, and then say, “Oh, I do apologise, here's Aerosmith.” or whatever.'
Vic ‘Who's “Hairy Smith”?'
Series two of Vic and Bob's ‘House of Fools' starts Mon Feb 16, 10pm, BBC Two. Series one is released on DVD on Feb 23.
In February, the pulmonologist wrote an SOS on his Facebook page (he's shared the posting, but asked me not to make it public since it includes names of doctors who want to remain anonymous) asking Arabic-speaking doctors to join a WhatsApp chat room that would become Madaya Medical Consultants. Within 24 hours of posting the message, over two dozen doctors joined, he recalled. Not wanting to overcrowd the group, he eventually started turning people down.
The dental student remembered the first time the doctors in the WhatsApp group helped him make a diagnosis. The day after the pulmonologist introduced him to the group, a child, whose body was body swollen and misshapen, was brought into the clinic. One of the group's pediatricians helped identify the patient's ailment as kwashiorkor, a disease brought on by extreme protein deficiency. First identified during a famine in West Africa in 1935, its name comes from a Ghanaian term for a child whose mother does not have enough breast milk to feed it. To treat the condition, a pediatrician in Chicago helped devise a formula using vegetable proteins that accustoms children to a high-protein diet. “We were so thankful that these doctors from so far away would volunteer their time to help us,” the dental student said.
The five-year civil war has plunged the Madaya clinicians into the deep end, forcing them to perform medical procedures that push them far beyond their training. They have treated countless gunshot victims, performed seven amputations, over a dozen C-sections, and diagnosed everything from meningitis to cancer, they told me during multiple conversations over WhatsApp and Facebook. “I've learned as I go,” the dental student said when we chatted over Facebook in August. “God willing, I am able to help as many people as possible.”
But there are limits to what they can do. Every day, one member of the group, a Virginia-based internist, obsessively checks the WhatsApp group for new messages: at 4 a.m. when she wakes up to breastfeed her newborn daughter, or on her lunch break at her clinic. In recent weeks, she has been trying to help the Madaya clinicians diagnose a woman who suddenly lost her vision, without warning, and is experiencing hallucinations. If a patient walked into her clinic with those symptoms, the internist said, she would immediately order an MRI. But since there's no MRI machine in Madaya, she and three other doctors have been working to diagnose the woman “empirically,” trying out different medications the clinic happens to have and seeing if they work.
In July, as the internist recovered from the birth of her second child, she helped the Madaya clinicians perform a C-section on a woman pregnant with twins. The veterinarian, fortunately, was comfortable making the incision. But he was unprepared for all the blood the mother would lose after giving birth to two babies. So the internist explained that the woman needed a transfusion. She advised the dental student to transfer two units of blood every 30 minutes—the gap between transfusions was critical, she explained, to allow time to observe whether the mother was having an allergic reaction to the blood.
Imagine there's no economic inequality By Scott Sumner
Now let's see why there would still be enormous income inequality.
1. Suppose everyone had identical lifetime wage income and inherited no money. Also assume all investments were risk-free. Incomes would still vary greatly due to different preferences regarding current vs. future consumption (i.e. different saving preferences.)
2. Suppose everyone was exactly like me; in the poorest quintile from age 18-26, then the second, then the third, eventually the top, before falling back on retirement. Also assume these identical people were born in different years. Again, no economic inequality (lifetime) but large annual income inequality.
3. Imagine everyone was a farmer with similar land, and there were alternating good years and bad years, which varied by location. When farmers made money in the east they lost money in the west. Over any five-year period income averaged out to be roughly identical, but each year farmers made large incomes in some areas, and losses in others. No economic inequality in a long run sense, but plenty of annual income inequality.
4. Let's say everyone made an identical unrealized capital gain of $5000 each year, but they differed as to when they actually sold their asset and realized the capital gain. Again, no economic inequality but lots of measured income inequality, as only realized capital gains go into the income data.
5. Let's say some people went to school much longer than others. They earned a compensating differential in income to reward them for the disutility of their extra studying. Again, no economic inequality in a utility sense but lots of income inequality.
6. Let's assume some people make more money, but only because they live in an area with a higher cost of living, perhaps due to higher heating bills in the winter. Again, no economic inequality but lots of income inequality.
7. Let's assume that preferences differ, and that some people are less materialistic. They earn less money because they prefer to maintain more spiritual values. Here I'm thinking of groups like the Amish.
8. The underground economy.
Is all this nitpicking, or are these distortions important? The first item suggests that we really ought to be looking at the present value of wage income, or the present value of consumption. In that case capital income would not count. I don't think I need to convince anyone that capital income hugely distorts the numbers of the top one percent.
Item two suggests age is an important factor, which might distort our results. The second poorest town in America is Athens, Ohio, which is full of middle class college students with low incomes. Are they really poor? That's a judgment call. But I'd guess that their lifetime incomes are quite respectable.
The first poorest town in America is almost entirely composed of Hasidic Jews, which (according to the NYT) are choosing to live a rather non-materialistic lifestyle. That's item 7.
And yes, the fact that we measure realized capital gains rather than unrealized cap gains makes income look much more unequal than it is. Bob Murphy asks me how I can hate income and love NGDP (national income.) Do capital gains go into NGDP?
Many (liberals) object that this exercise misses the point. BUT WHAT ABOUT THE BANKSTERS!!??!! They say even if income data has problems, there is no better alternative, and in any case inequality is clearly getting much worse by any reasonable measure. I don't accept that view. We do have a better measure—consumption. But even consumption is not perfect because of the lifecycle problem I discussed. It will still overstate economic inequality.
Nonetheless, if we use consumption data then the change in inequality is much less clear. Some studies show increased consumption inequality, some don't. FWIW, in my view the consumption gap between the middle class and rich has widened over my lifetime, and the consumption gap between the middle class and poor has narrowed. Since I care much more about poverty than the middle class/rich gap, I'm not particularly dismayed by the changes we've seen in recent decades.
Some liberals claim it's about political power, which correlates with income more than consumption. I doubt it. Public policy is less pro-rich than when Reagan was president (for instance MTRs on the rich have risen sharply since 1987), and yet income is much less equal than when Reagan was President. I see no evidence that income inequality correlates with more political power for the rich, as compared to consumption inequality. (That's not to deny that the rich have more political power, they do.)
However I do favor public policies that would lead to greater economic equality (for utilitarian reasons):
1. Wage subsidies for low wageworkers.
2. Fewer barriers to entry (less zoning, weaker IP restrictions, no occupational licensing, etc.)
Normally when inequality widens it should be self-correcting. The relatively poor will see a bigger gap, and work harder to boost their standing in society. Thus if the gap between the consumption bundle of college grads and non-college grads gets wider, then more people will get college degrees. This may not work for two reasons:
1. Barriers to entry.
2. Talent gaps.
You may have noticed that one of my policy suggestions addresses barriers to entry, and the other addresses talent gaps. And here's the final irony. A wage subsidy that reduces economic inequality actually raises income inequality, at least if you measure income net of the subsidy (which is how we do it.) If you are convinced that I am wrong and want to hold on to the income inequality data, then you ought to oppose my wage subsidy proposal—it will make inequality “worse.”
PS. Josh Barro has an excellent post on a supply-side agenda for the 21st century. The emphasis is on lots of deregulation and cuts in implicit marginal tax rates. However I found this remark unfortunate:
We're going to need a new supply side economics that encourages people to work, invest and innovate. That doesn't mean conservatives' agenda of tax cuts and federal deregulation, which aims at problems that were addressed in the 1970s or never existed at all.
Barro will find very little support for his agenda among politicians of either party. However he will find lots of support among both liberal and conservative intellectuals.
PPS. Whenever I do posts like this I get commenters saying “Sumner's trying to deny America has lots of inequality,” or “Sumner's saying the typical poor person in America is Hasidic Jew.” I'm used to it by now.
After social sharing site FriendFeed slows innovation as its founders ease their way into new jobs at acquirer Facebook, where will its savvy users go?
Cliqset wants to be the destination. The Jacksonville, Florida-based startup has turned itself into a site like FriendFeed where users can keep tabs on friend updates from about 70 services including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Before, Cliqset was focused on being an identity provider that let users interact with other web services. (VentureBeat readers can check out the revamped site here with special invite codes.)
The design vaguely resembles Twitter with some additional features like a stream of recently bookmarked sites. Cliqset also supports updates of a greater variety than just text — users can send photos or bookmarked URLs directly and have their followers comment, like or share them in real-time. They can also update their statuses on sites like Twitter remotely from Cliqset. The site is location sensitive so updates can be paired with their coordinates.
Co-founder Darren Bounds says while Cliqset takes some cues from FriendFeed, it has a simpler, more intuitive design.
“The future of FriendFeed is very ambiguous for a lot of people. They have a great, passionate user base. We'd love to have that passed on to us,” Bounds said. “But they do some things that are atypical for a site that streams activity, which can lend itself to confusion.”
That said, it might be difficult to gain mindshare when the sharing space has become crowded with startups like ShareGrove, Lissn and Threadsy, not to mention dominant players like Facebook, Twitter and Google. Cliqset has raised $2 million, all from a single investor named Derek Mercer, who founded Vurv Technology, a talent management startup that human resources company Taleo bought in 2008 for about $130 million.
Executive Order 11110—Amendment of Executive Order No. 10289 as Amended, Relating to the Performance of Certain Functions Affecting the Department of the Treasury
By virtue of the authority vested in me by section 301 of title 3 of the United States Code, it is ordered as follows:
SECTION 1. Executive Order No. 10289 of September 19, 1951, as amended, is hereby further amended --
(a) By adding at the end of paragraph 1 thereof the following subparagraph (j):
"(j) The authority vested in the President by paragraph (b) of section 43 of the Act of May 12, 1933, as amended (31 U.S.C. 821 (b)), to issue silver certificates against any silver bullion, silver, or standard silver dollars in the Treasury not then held for redemption of any outstanding silver certificates, to prescribe the denominations of such silver certificates, and to coin standard silver dollars and subsidiary silver currency for their redemption," and
(b) By revoking subparagraphs (b) and (c) of paragraph 2 thereof.
SEC. 2. The amendment made by this Order shall not affect any act done, or any right accruing or accrued or any suit or proceeding had or commenced in any civil or criminal cause prior to the date of this Order but all such liabilities shall continue and may be enforced as if said amendments had not been made.
JOHN F. KENNEDY
THE White House,
June 4, 1963
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — Plans to make over San Francisco's Van Ness Avenue with a bus rapid transit project were approved Tuesday afternoon, a transportation agency spokesman said.
The San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency board of directors unanimously approved the project that is estimated to cost about $125 million and be completed by spring 2018, spokesman Paul Rose said.
Under the proposal, two lanes in both directions on Van Ness between Mission and Lombard streets will become dedicated bus lanes.
The separated lanes will be used by the 47-Van Ness and 49-Van Ness/Mission Muni bus routes and Golden Gate Transit buses.
The lanes will run in the middle of the thoroughfare with landscaped medians where passengers will board. The outer lanes in both directions will be used by other motorists.
There will be 10 bus stops in the northbound direction and nine for southbound passengers, Rose said.
Transportation officials hope the bus-only lanes will expedite travel time by eliminating left-turning slowdowns and giving traffic signal priority to buses.
There will also be pedestrian improvements, signal upgrades, new streetlights, and new landscaping and roadway resurfacing, according to the plan.
The road-to-sidewalk ratio of the corridor will not change under the proposal.
Transit officials are expecting various improvements along the corridor after the changes, including buses running 30 percent faster and an increase of passenger capacity for Muni bus routes.
The buses will be switched to longer vehicles with bigger capacity, and both Muni routes will run every seven and a half minutes, which is a more frequent pace, Muni officials said.
The corridor operates as U.S. Highway 101 through the city; therefore Caltrans was required to review the plans and approved the project earlier this month.
The San Francisco County Transportation Authority, which consists of the city's Board of Supervisors, approved the transit plan last week.
The next step is approval from the Federal Transit Administration, which will review the environmental impact of the project and will approve federal funding.
About $75 million is slated to come from a federal program, $36 million from a city sales tax and the remaining $14 million from other local, regional and state sources.
Construction on the project is expected to start in winter 2015.
(Copyright 2013 by CBS San Francisco and Bay City News Service. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Beat letter triggers cash conflict with Kerouac, Cassady estates
Allen Ginsberg, 1959. Allen Ginsberg, 1959. Photo: Joe Rosenthal / The Chronicle Photo: Joe Rosenthal / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Beat letters triggers cash conflict with Kerouac, Cassady estates 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
The estate of Jack Kerouac has laid claim to a share of the proceeds from the planned sale of a long-lost letter that's considered a crucial document in the history of the Beats, the famed literary and cultural movement that launched from San Francisco in the 1950s.
As reported this week in The Chronicle, the letter from Beat prototype Neal Cassady to “On the Road” author Jack Kerouac was showcased for one day only at the Beat Museum in North Beach. The letter is in possession of Jean Spinosa, who found it in the effects of her late father, a San Francisco record producer. She has scheduled its auction for Dec. 17, but the Kerouac estate maintains that she has no right to do so.
“We want the return of the letter. The letter belongs to the estate,” said John Sampas, brother of Kerouac's third wife, Stella, and literary executor of the Kerouac estate. Sampas' attorney, George Tobia of Boston, said that if an agreement cannot be reached before the auction, a lawsuit could be imminent.
“We're working on an arrangement whereby the letter can still be sold with an agreeable split of the proceeds,” Tobia said. “This is Brooklyn Bridge stuff. You are selling something that you don't own.”
Cassady heirs' claim
In addition to the Kerouac claim, the heirs of Cassady claim ownership of the words in the letter, under copyright law.
“The Cassady estate is in the process of stopping the auction until its authenticity and copyright (have) been verified by all parties,” said Jami Cassady, middle child of Neal and Carolyn Cassady, who has also retained counsel to stop the document's sale.
“We never call it a 'letter.' It is a 'manuscript' always meant for publication. To call it a letter is like calling 'Naked Lunch' a lunch.”
A lot of money could be at stake here, because the original scroll of Kerouac's “On the Road” sold for $2.4 million in 2001, and now comes the letter that inspired Kerouac's classic. Given Cassady's stature as not only the main character of “On the Road” but also a key figure in Ken Kesey's “Merry Pranksters,” it is possible that the letter could be worth more than the scroll.
Extraordinary market
“There is an enormous market for Cassady and Kerouac which goes beyond the normal market for signed first editions,” said Gerald Nicosia, author of “Memory Babe: A Critical Biography of Jack Kerouac.”
“Kerouac and Cassady. People say their names together like Abbott and Costello. They fall into a category where you find James Dean and Marilyn Monroe. They are icons of popular culture, and these are the most sought-after in the collector's market.”
“The Joan Anderson Letter,” as it is called, was written from Cassady's home, 29 Russell St., on Russian Hill, and dated Dec. 17, 1950. Typed single spaced on both sides of nine sheets of paper, the letter's 16,000 words are of great literary interest because its stream-of-consciousness style is what caused Kerouac to scrap his more traditional style and create the jazzy template that became “On the Road,” published in 1957 and still considered the bible of the Beats.
A portion of the “Anderson Letter” was retyped on a separate piece of paper, either by Cassady or poet Allen Ginsberg, and was published in Cassady's 1971 memoir “The First Third,” which came out after both men had died — Cassady in 1968 at age 41 and Kerouac in 1969 at age 47.
At some point in 1951 or '52, Sampas says, Kerouac passed the letter to Ginsberg, and the letter went missing until it turned up in 2011 in the Los Angeles home of record producer Jack Spinosa, who had died.
Spinosa's daughter Jean found it and spent two years researching its authenticity and ownership before offering it for auction.
Neither Jean Spinosa nor the auction house Profiles in History responded to requests for comment.
If the letter sells to a collector who tucks it away in a vault, “the world will never be able to read it and scholars will never be able to examine it to see how Neal's words influenced Jack's style of writing,” said Jerry Cimino, owner of the Beat Museum. Cimino has put together a crowdfunding plan (www.kerouac.com) to bid on the letter at auction, if an auction ever happens.
“It's been missing for 60 years and has surfaced for three weeks,” he said. “We can't allow it to once again disappear forever.”
Sam Whiting is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: swhiting@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @samwhitingsf
MERIDIAN - Police are asking for help to identify a man they say stole a shopping cart full of merchandise from Walmart on Monday and pointed a gun at an employee.
Police responded at around 11:20 a.m. to the Walmart at 4051 East Fairview Avenue for a report of an aggravated battery.
Officers were told that a man loaded up a shopping cart with more than $1,000 worth of items, ranging from women's underwear to auto parts.
The man then left the store without paying for the merchandise.
Police seek man accused of threatening to shoot Walmart worker <p>Police are asking for help to identify a man they say stole a shopping cart full of merchandise from Walmart on Monday and pointed a gun at an employee.</p> <p>Police are asking for help to identify a man they say stole a shopping cart full of merchandise from Walmart on Monday and pointed a gun at an employee.</p> <p>Police are asking for help to identify a man they say stole a shopping cart full of merchandise from Walmart on Monday and pointed a gun at an employee.</p> <p>Police are asking for help to identify a man they say stole a shopping cart full of merchandise from Walmart on Monday and pointed a gun at an employee.</p>
Police said before a Walmart worker could confront the suspect at his car, the man pulled out a black handgun and pointed it at the worker.
"Get back or I am going to shoot you," the suspect said.
The man was wearing what police are describing as a bear hat with pink lining, a bright yellow jacket, ripped jeans and white shoes. He's white and in his 20s, is about 6 feet tall and weighs 160 to 180 pounds.
A female - described as white and in her late teens, with blonde hair and a ponytail - was also in the car.
The car is a light blue four-door sedan with a ski rack on top and Ada County plates.
Anyone with information is asked to call Meridian police at 208-888-6678.
Copyright 2016 KTVB
Since the Harper government came to power in 2006, the federal prison population has increased by over seven per cent — a trend in which the Conservatives seem to take a perverse pride.
The government's own statistics (which should be taken with a huge grain of salt since, when you eliminate funding for research and ignore evidence-based analysis, you can pretty much say anything) indicate that since 2006, the number of federally incarcerated inmates has increased from 13,933 to 14,954. If you take the government's numbers at face value, our prison populations are at record levels.
Although the prison population may be rising slower than many predicted, overflowing jails are nothing to be proud of — unless, of course, your political brand is built on at least appearing to be ‘tough on crime'.
Which explains why Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney's official line is that putting more people behind bars is a good thing in and of itself. “Our Conservative government,” he told Sun News, “is keeping dangerous criminals behind bars where they belong.”
In a sense, Blaney's right: There's no doubt at all that new Conservative laws are responsible for the increase in the prison population.
The Conservatives have eliminated house arrest for many non-violent crimes, expanded the use of mandatory minimum sentences, restricted the availability of parole and created scores of new criminal offences. Many of these measures have been found by the courts to be unconstitutional; still, the Harper government blindly stumbles onward. Non-violent offenders are being warehoused while the machinery of punishment and incarceration grows like a tumour. This is not a good thing.
Let's do something the Conservatives can't bring themselves to do. Let's look at some actual evidence.
Canadian crime rates have reached their lowest point since 1972; they peaked in 1991 and have been in steady decline ever since. This isn't just a Canadian phenomenon — it's happening in a lot of countries around the world.
Unless the Conservatives have mastered time travel — and unless their crime agenda is somehow spooking the criminal classes in Europe as well — the drop in crime rates has nothing at all to do with their new laws. According to the experts, it's mostly about demographics: An aging population sees less violent crime.
There are better ways to spend a billion dollars — rehabilitation services, crime prevention, victims' services. Any one of these options would make the Canadian public safer and make the plight of crime victims easier to bear.
Let's look at what the evidence does tell us: minimum sentences and harsh incarceration aren't effective at reducing crime, and do little to assist with rehabilitation.
The Library of Parliament has made this clear to the government through reports highlighting the ineffectiveness and the negative impacts of mandatory minimum sentences. A study published in 2002 concluded that existing research generally doesn't support the use of mandatory minimum sentences for deterrence, or for reducing sentencing disparities.
One Canadian meta-analysis found that sentencing — whether an offender had a short or long sentence, or whether the offender was given a prison or a community sentence — made little difference in general recidivism rates. In fact, prison was found to produce slight increases in recidivism.
But here's something we do know for certain: Incarcerating offenders for longer periods results in increased prison costs to the taxpayer, which aren't necessarily offset by any reduction in crime.
The Conservative government has ignored the evidence of experts who counseled extreme caution with the use of harsh sentences. Dr. Anthony Doob, a highly respected criminologist from the University of Toronto, told a Commons committee that:
The evidence of (mandatory sentences') ineffectiveness is clear. Numerous studies have been carried out in various countries demonstrating that mandatory minimum penalties of this kind do not deter crime.
Even the government's own research has been critical of minimum sentences. A 2005 Justice Department report found, after an extensive review of the evidence, that:
Minimum sentences are not an effective sentencing tool; that is, they constrain judicial discretion without offering any increased crime prevention benefits. Nevertheless, mandatory sentences remain popular with some Canadian politicians.
Grasping awkward facts has never been a strong suit with this government, so let's break it all down so that even Mr. Blaney can follow it:
Crime rates around the world are declining.
That decline has nothing to do with the government's criminal law agenda.
Our national response to declining crime rates is to put more, not fewer, people in prison.
Increasing the size of the prison population does little to protect our communities.
Spending on federal corrections has hit $2.7 billion – an increase of about a billion dollars since 2006.
The average cost of warehousing a federal inmate has increased from $88,000 in 2006 to more than $117,788 today.
There are better ways to spend a billion dollars — rehabilitation services, crime prevention, victims' services. Any one of these options would make the Canadian public safer and make the plight of crime victims easier to bear.
A booming prison population isn't something any government should be proud of. In fact, Mr. Blaney should be ashamed.
Michael Spratt is a well-known criminal lawyer and partner at the Ottawa law firm Abergel Goldstein & Partners. He has appeared in all levels of court and specializes in complex litigation. Mr. Spratt is frequently called upon to give expert testimony at the House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights and the Senate Standing Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs. He is a past board member of the Criminal Lawyers' Association and is on the board of directors of the Defence Counsel Association of Ottawa. Mr. Spratt's continuing work can be found at www.michaelspratt.com and on Twitter at @mspratt
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Erik Prince, the man who founded Blackwater, the private military contractor that became synonymous with mercenary excess during the Iraq war, has apparently begun a bold new business venture: He's going to be investing with a group of unnamed Chinese government-linked companies in resource extraction and infrastructure in sub-Saharan Africa.
At least that's according to the South China Morning Post, which published an exclusive interview with Mr. Prince yesterday. The paper says Mr. Prince has founded an investment company called Frontier Resource Group earlier this year as an "Africa-dedicated investment firm partnered with major Chinese enterprises, including at least one state-owned resource giant that is keen to pour money into the resource-rich continent."
Prince made a fortune during the early and extremely fat years for contractors of the global war on terror, thanks to political connections and an appetite for risk. Roughly $2 billion of US contracts in Iraq flowed through the company. But the name "Blackwater" eventually grew tarnished under the weight of alleged corruption and murder in the field. It was Blackwater employees who were ambushed and killed in Fallujah in 2004, sparking the US assault on that Iraqi town that helped further polarize the war. In 2007, panicking Blackwater guards unleashed a barrage of fire in Nisour Square in Baghdad, killing 17 civilians.
The massacre cemented Iraqi fury at private military contractors and set the stage for the Iraqi governments refusal to allow US forces remaining in Iraq with immunity from local prosecution, something that forced the US departure at the end of last year. By the time Prince sold out of Blackwater in 2010, which he'd renamed "Xe" in an attempt to dissociate his venture from its unsavory public image, US government contracts were drying up. In April 2010, five senior Blackwater executives (not Prince though) were indicted on weapons violations and making false statements to law enforcement.
When Prince sold the business in Dec. 2010, The New York Times reported it was because the State Department had threatened not to do business with the firm as long as Prince was associated with it.
But Prince has since found other governments to do business with. He had moved to the United Arab Emirates, a low-tax monarchy on the Persian Gulf, were he grew close to the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. While there, he worked on the creation of the Puntland Maritime Police Force, a private militia designed to conduct anti-piracy operations in Somalia.
In July of this year, the UN Security Council called the Force "the most brazen violation of the [Somalia] arms embargo by a private security company." The UN said the force had over 1,000 men under arms and wrote: "This private army disingenuously labelled a “counter-piracy” force, has been financed by zakat contributions mainly from high-ranking officials from the United Arab Emirates, including the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the United Arab Emirates Armed Forces Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. The Government of the United Arab Emirates, however, has officially denied any involvement in the project." (Zakat is charitable tithing in Islam).
The anti-piracy militia was ultimately abandoned by its funders, leaving a new, well-armed, and semi-organized group in the mix of competing militias in the Horn of Africa.
But Prince still sees his future on the continent. The Frontier Resources Group remains headquartered in Abu Dhabi, but he told the SCMP that "Africa is so far the most unexplored part of the world, and I think China has seen a lot of promise in Africa." He told the paper that his Africa fund has raised $100 million in private equity so far and argued that investors will be wise to place their bets on his new venture.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"We are the search radar for [Asian investors] in Africa because we have the expertise and we know how to measure and control the risks," Prince said.
It will be interesting to follow the upcoming chapters of Prince's business life, which already read like something out of a John Le Carre novel.
Internal South African National Defence Force (SANDF) documents paint a dramatic picture of desperate efforts by operations staff to source a cargo aircraft to transport support equipment, including armoured vehicles, to Bangui in the Central African Republic.
• Read Bangui bunglers score R209m in contracts
The first shots were fired on Friday March 22 at about 4pm, and the operational planners decided on Saturday evening that an Antonov AN-124 aircraft was required. This was to transport eight Mamba vehicles, one diesel bowser and supporting equipment to the mission area that had “become a war zone overnight”.
On Sunday morning the rebels brokered a ceasefire. By then, 13 South African soldiers were dead and 27 injured.
In a written account seen by ama­Bhungane, the director of joint operation support, identified as Lieutenant Colonel WJ Damon, describes how they had tried to contact the companies that were registered as approved SANDF suppliers.
“From midnight Saturday to Sunday morning in the early hours … we tried to locate the registered companies to indicate the availability of [an] AN-124.
Avient was the only company indicating at that stage of the night non-availability … The phones of the other charter companies were just ringing.
“Due to the urgency … Ultimate Heli … was also contacted and within 30 minutes confirm[ed] availability for Sunday night March 24 2013, landing at AFB Waterkloof.” The plan was for the plane to load and leave at first light on the Monday morning.
Intervention
After receiving verbal approval, Ultimate Heli began moving the aircraft from the West Indies to within a few flying hours of Pretoria.
According to Damon, it was on Sunday afternoon that the SANDF's director of logistics procurement, Brigadier General Thithuwi Mulaudzi, intervened.
Damon writes: “During the day, around 3pm, Lt Col [David] Engela [who works in the procurement division] call[ed] to say Brig Gen Mulaudzi instructed them to go out on tender again to the same companies although they [had] already indicate[d] nonavailability, for a second time.
“According to Lt Col Engela, the second time, later that afternoon, Y&P indicated that they can provide an AN-124, after the same day earlier they indicate[d] nonavailability.”
Damon alleges that after a letter of authority was issued to Y&P the company indicated that the AN-124 would only be available later in the week, not on the day as approved.
By that stage the Ultimate Heli contract had been cancelled, though the SANDF would still be presented with a bill for having placed the aircraft on standby.
Six-day wait
In a separate report, director of joint operational support Brigadier General Tersia Jacobs says Y&P was not in a position to fly on the Monday and only delivered the vehicles six days later, on Saturday March 30.
She notes: “During the week all SANDF troops were moved from the base to the airport, rebel fighting continued. Most of our troops feared for their lives, even while they were next to the runway. A civilian company was greedy enough to tender for the job, [but] could not deliver against the operational target date.”
She added that, even when informed that the company did not have a plane available to fulfil the contract on time, “Mulaudzi preferred to ignore the information at hand”. She said she had asked the chief of logistics to launch an investigation – a demand repeated in letters by other senior SANDF officers, including Major General William Nkonyeni and Damon.
Brigadier General Sam Motau, director of joint support for operations, then gave a verbal order to procure anyone “who can meet critical timelines”. Ultimate Heli was then contracted, though it was not an approved supplier. It was far cheaper, bidding at R13-million; Y&P's total bill was R26.7-million.
The company's director, Shaun Roseveare, confirmed that he had invoiced the SANDF for the four days the Antonov had been parked in West Africa, but had not been paid.
Numerous attempts were made to contact Mulaudzi for comment, without success.
Adverse reports had little effect on tenders
A tender list compiled by a South African National Defence Force insider indicates that, in the 15 months up to June this year, Y&P received 91 tenders from the SANDF with a cumulative value of R209-million.
In the same period, seven rival companies were jointly awarded 40 tenders with a total value of R67-million. SANDF internal documents seen by amaBhungane raise questions about that record, given the alarming picture of incidents associated with Y&P.
A letter by Lieutenant BA Steenkamp, the SANDF representative at the United Nations observer mission in Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo, alleges that he personally witnessed the “pressurisation problem” on a Y&P-brokered Boeing LMG749 during a flight from Kinshasa to Bloemfontein carrying 130 South African soldiers.
Oxygen masks deployed and the soldiers panicked, he said. The plane was diverted to Zambia, where Steenkamp said it was revealed that Y&P could not provide a back-up plane. According to bid adjudication information amaBhungane has seen, contractors are required to offer a back-up aircraft within 24-hour reach of the principal aircraft.
The plane, still suffering from depressurisation, flew on at low altitude to OR Tambo. A second report, by Lieutenant Colonel Willy Damon of the joint operations division, alleges that the “unserviceable” Boeing was exchanged for a DC9 without consultation with the defence department, in breach of contract and procurement procedures.
“The company ignored the … closure of the Bloemfontein airport and landed unmanned, although they were told not to do so,” Damon writes. “This kind of attitude from civilian companies … is not only unacceptable but also illegal, seeing that the aircraft was fully under the command of the DoD [department of defence].”
Free State border control officials also issued strongly worded letters of complaint, saying that the landing posed health and security issues, especially because the plane had come from the “yellow fever belt”.
After the incident at Kigali Airport, Major C Simmers, also of the UN observer mission in the DRC, wrote that an IL76 transport plane leased by Y&P from the company Soviet Air Charter, struck the airstrip with its wing.
This had prevented the off-loading of the vehicles on the plane, the detention of the plane, the arrest of the crew and “unnecessary parking and levies”.
Major General William Nkonyeni, general officer commanding joint operational headquarters, is scathing about Y&P's listing of the detained aircraft as a back-up plane for an SANDF mission to Sudan days later. In a June 2013 letter, he says: “Y&P Logistics has compromised a peace operation's sustainment flight by bidding for a task, while the CEO [chief executive officer] knew that it was a huge risk to plan the flight around the IL76 still in Rwanda's possession.”
There are also hints of collusion by the defence department's procurement division, which, according to Nkonyeni, “changed the letter of acceptance with new tail numbers the same day and forwarded it to the [South African Air Force] for processing”. He notes that this is “unlawful [and] can be challenged by competitors if known”.
SANDF responded after the Mail & Guardian had gone to press. Here is its response in full. – Pauli van Wyk
* Got a tip-off for us about this story? Click here.
The M&G Centre for Investigative Journalism (amaBhungane) produced this story. All views are ours. See www.amabhungane.co.za for our stories, activities and funding sources.
This listing is for a pre order of one of my Lucifer Pentecostal coins, as seen in Season 1 of Lucifer. It's been custom designed to be virtually identical to the one used on the show. These will be in stock around the end of Feb to mid March. Possibly sooner, I'm just waiting on them to be plated and finished.
The coin is made of metal (a tin/lead alloy), and has been triple plated in silver, weathered, and covered in an epoxy to insure the plating holds up and it can be safely handled.
The coin was an interesting item from the first season, and became incredibly plot relevant as the show went on. I fell in love with the design (I have a weakness for visually interesting props as my shop here shows), and spent a few months working up the details. It's the correct size and shape, and is fairly hefty as well.
The plating and epoxy should not wear off with general use, so the coin is made to be handled. I can't say if it'll hold up to you flinging it at the concrete, but in general it should survive a pocket or a convention.
These will ship out via first class mail in a bubble envelope mailer. Shipping is included if you are in the US. Priority mail is offered as an upgrade for international, and will be sent using flat rate Priority Mail envelopes with insurance and tracking.
** Please note that for international buyers, First Class mail delivery times can range from a few weeks to 30-60 days AFTER it gets to the delivery country.**
Any questions, please feel free to contact me!
North Korea Declares State of War – Promises Nuclear War on Official Website
North Korea said Saturday it was entering a “state of war” with South Korea in a continuing escalation of tough rhetoric against Seoul and Washington DC.
The North Korean regime promised “all-out war and a nuclear war” with South Korea and America on its official website today.
Here's a screengrab from the North Korean website:
A spokesman for the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea (CPRK) on Thursday issued the following statement:
Shortly ago, the U.S. and south Korean puppet group cooked up a “joint plan to cope with the provocation of a local war,” escalating the danger of a war.
The joint plan signed by the commander of the U.S. forces in south Korea and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of south Korea calls on the U.S. forces to automatically get involved in the conflict in case of the north's “provocation of a local war” and thus jointly counter it together with the south Korean puppet army.
The plan for aggression elaborates on the contents of the operation and proposals on joint counteraction.
In this regard, the south Korean puppet group claims that a legal and institutional mechanism has been provided to ensure the U.S. forces' automatic involvement in the local war, the U.S. agreed with the principle on striking not only the base of provocations and supporting and commanding forces and that it has become possible to make a prompt and decisive counteraction against any provocation by the north.
All these facts brought the U.S. hypocrisy to daylight and proved that the U.S. and south Korea is the root cause and chieftain of the provocation of a local war.
The above-said joint plan is a very dangerous document for invading the DPRK and an open declaration of a war of aggression against it.
Any conflict on the Korean Peninsula will immediately lead to an all-out war and a nuclear war, not confined to a local war.
The Armistice Agreement, the north-south agreements on nonaggression and the joint declaration on denuclearization of the peninsula were totally nullified due to the grave provocations of the U.S. and the puppet group. Consequently, there is no mechanism to deter a war.
ANYONE asked to undertake unpaid work can exchange Facebook ‘likes' for food under a new government initiative.
A pilot scheme in East London saw unsalaried journalists, musicians and designers queueing to exchange retweets and post-comments-generated for biscuits, coffee and beer.
Tom Logan, who writes a cross-platform football column for a massive global media company said, “For the last year I have donated my services for free to ‘prove my commitment to the project going forward'. Consequently I lost rather too much weight.
“Swapping twenty-five Twitter followers for a bacon sandwich gives me the calorific intake needed to keep working for an employer who in the current economic climate can't afford to pay me, except by letting me showcase my work.”
Music blogger Helen Archer exchanged the 257 replies to her comment that Kate Bush is a goddess for toilet rolls and cat food.
She said: “In the social media age it is all about exposure. Unfortunately shops, power companies and the like are still hanging on to the old money-based way of doing things.
“I tried to pay my gas bill with a guarantee of 25 Facebook shares, but the woman at SSE just stared at me as if I was some sort of charlatan.”
From MormonWiki
The Church of Christ (the original name for the Mormon Church) was organized with six founding members in Fayette, New York on April 6 1830 . (The full name, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , was given by revelation in 1838 .) The earliest members were almost all the family and friends of the prophet Joseph Smith. Persecution in New York, coupled with strong growth in Kirtland, Ohio, caused the Church to move to that town. Subsequently the Church moved again, first to Western Missouri, then to Illinois, and ultimately across the great plains to the Rocky Mountains. All attempts to wipe out or dislodge the Saints from that region failed, and with the ending of official persecution at the close of the nineteenth century, the Church entered upon a sustained period of growth and prosperity, which continues to this day. In the nearly two hundred years of Mormon history, Mormonism has spread from its headquarters in the American Midwest and finally Utah, to become an international church with most of its members living outside the United States. The history of so broad a movement cannot be adequately condensed, but in the pages that follow is an outline of Mormon history from 1820 to contemporary times. Links go to pages that give a fuller treatment of the time period.In 1820 Joseph Smith has his first vision where he sees God the Father and Jesus Christ . Three years later, when he is 17, The Angel Moroni appears to him and informs him of Golden Plates deposited in a nearby hill. He eventually receives the plates on September 22, 1827. He translates the Book of Mormon , publishes it, receives the authority of the Aaronic and Melchizedek priesthoods , and founds the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Missionaries go out and convert many. Persecution follows the Church.
Mormons move to Kirtland, Ohio. Joseph Smith receives many revelations. Many Mormons move to Missouri, where they hope to build Zion. In Ohio, Mormons build their first temple. Joseph translates the Book of Abraham. The Doctrine and Covenants is published. Missionaries begin going to Canada and England. The Quorum of the Twelve Apostles is established. Zion's Camp is launched to help the persecuted Mormons in Missouri. Finally, the Church moves to Missouri in 1838.
Mormons first settle Jackson County, Missouri, in 1831. By 1833, they are expelled by mobs after many are tarred and feathered, chased, and attacked. They settle in Clay County temporarily and finally move to Caldwell and Daviess counties in 1836. Tensions mount as mobs harass Mormon settlements. Some Mormons fight back. One group of Mormons organizes the Danites[1], who fight back. The Missouri war escalates as Joseph Smith and the Ohio Mormons move to Missouri. Joseph Smith is arrested and thrown in jail for several months without trial. The Extermination Order expels all the Mormons from Ohio. Dozens of Mormons are massacred at Haun's Mill; others are burned out of their homes. The Mormons flee to Illinois under the leadership of Brigham Young, in one of the most brutal periods of Mormon history.
The Mormons establish a new city at Nauvoo, Illinois. In a few years it rivals Chicago for size. Mormon missionaries begin proselyting through Europe and have much success in England and Scandinavia. Mormons begin the Nauvoo Temple. Persecution continues both from Missouri and Illinois. Joseph Smith must frequently hide from enemies. Many important revelations come which teach about polygamy, baptism for the dead, Celestial marriage, and the plan of salvation. In June 1844, Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum are murdered. The Quorum of the Twelve Apostles leads the Church. They finish the temple in 1846, but are driven out that same year.
After expulsion from Illinois, the Mormons scatter throughout Iowa. Finally, they establish the Mormon Trail to Utah. The Mormon Battalion participates in the U.S.-Mexican War and explores California. Mormon Pioneers cross the Great Plains and establish cities in Utah, Nevada, Colorado, Wyoming, Arizona, and Idaho. Ultimately they push on into northern Mexico and southern Canada. For ten years the Mormon Church has peace in the Rocky Mountains.
Political pressure and lies from former Utah officials cause U.S. President James Buchanan to send Johnston's Army to Utah to quell a nonexistent rebellion. Brigham Young, who was governor, is dismissed from office, but is not notified about it. Afraid to be driven again, the Mormons harass the invading army by burning grass and scattering horses. Finally, the army realizes that no rebellion is occurring and they conclude a peace. Unfortunately, fears caused by the invasion drive some Mormons to massacre settlers bound for California at a place called Mountain Meadows. This is the most regrettable event in Mormon history. Many hundreds of Mormons lost their lives through persecution and the forced journey west, but this terribily wrong action of a few Mormons has reverberated through time.
The Mormons are generally left alone during the U.S. Civil War and continue missionary work throughout the world, going into Mexico and South America and parts of Asia and Europe. After the Civil War, the U.S. Congress passes several laws that outlaw polygamy. They ultimately jail thousands of Mormons. Others are forbidden to vote, hold office, or own property. Loyalty oaths are instituted to keep Mormons out of jobs. Some Mormons flee to Mexico and Canada. Church leaders go into hiding. Finally, after receiving revelation from the Lord, the Church stops polygamy and excommunicates those who continue to practice it, the rest are pardoned by U.S. President Grover Cleveland. The Church begins to grow once more and thousands of European Mormons come to Utah.
The next few decades are relatively peaceful. The Mormon Church is able to regain its property, though it would be some time before they pay off all the debts brought on by persecution. Mormons still must fight to hold government offices. Reed Smoot, a Mormon Apostle, must fight for two years to take his seat in the U.S. Senate after being elected. President Joseph F. Smith receives an important revelation about salvation for the dead. The Church celebrates its centennial and begins buying historic sites. The Church Welfare program is developed during the Great Depression to help members affected by the depression. At this point, most Mormons begin staying in their own countries, rather than moving to Utah. Missionary work continues in South American and the Pacific islands where thousands join the Church. Temples are built in Canada, Europe, New Zealand, and Hawaii. During World War II, Mormons find themselves on both sides of the conflict and Mormons are among those trapped behind the Iron Curtain after the war.
Following World War II, the Mormon Church begins to grow exponentially. More temples are built throughout the United States, Europe, Central and South America, and the Pacific Islands. One temple is even built in East Germany while under Soviet control. President David O. McKay becomes the most widely traveled Mormon president to date. The Mormon Church expands its welfare and humanitarian programs and renders valuable aid in the reconstruction of Europe and Japan. Missionary training centers are established to help missionaries learn the many languages of the Church. David O. McKay encourages all members to be missionaries and one of his successors, Spencer W. Kimball, receives a revelation that all male members should serve as missionaries. Soon, the missionary force of the Church climbs to over 50,000. All this growth leads to the correlation program which streamlines Church government and Church programs to eliminate waste and duplication. Growth of the Church in Brazil and Africa causes Mormon prophet Spencer W. Kimball to pray about the ban on blacks from the priesthood. In 1978, he receives a revelation from God that all worthy male members may receive the priesthood. Soon the Mormon Church grows exponentially in Brazil and Africa. In the 1980s the Church concentrates on translating the Book of Mormon into dozens of world languages and Mormons answer the call to "flood the earth" with it.
Since the early 1990s, the Mormon Church has surpassed 14,000,000 members worldwide. Much of this growth has occurred in South America and Africa as well as in the countries of the former Soviet Union, especially Russia. By the late 1990s, more Mormons live outside the United States than within. This growth requires hundreds of new church buildings a year. In 1995, Gordon B. Hinckley becomes president. He surpasses David O. McKay as most widely traveled Mormon president. He issues the Proclamation to the World concerning the breakdown of the family, and the Living Christ, about the mission of Jesus Christ. He receives a revelation calling for more temples to be built and by the year 2000, more than 100 temples are in operation worldwide, including places such as China, Japan, more in the Philippines, three in Africa, and dozens in North and South America and Europe. For many Mormons, the rebuilding of the Nauvoo temple, destroyed by arsonists in 1846, marks a crowning point in their lives in Mormon history. Mormons also celebrated the sesquicentennial of the Mormon Pioneers' journey to Utah and in 2005, they celebrated the bicentennial of Joseph Smith's birth.
Sometimes color helps. Sometimes it just gets in the way.
That's just one example of the lack of simple prescriptions for how to use visual materials to clearly communicate scientific concepts or research results. It all depends on the particulars, Felice Frankel explains patiently in seminars at MIT and in her new book, “Visual Strategies,” published this fall by Yale University Press.
For example, in one of Frankel's most famous images — which ended up gracing the cover of the journal Science — her key decision was to add color to the water in an image originally produced in a single tone. The image illustrated a way of confining droplets of liquid so that, even when their edges were touching, there was no leakage from one to the next. The colorless version showed the droplets, but didn't communicate the essence of what was going on: the total absence of seepage between them.
So Frankel — now a research scientist at MIT's Center for Materials Science and Engineering — had the idea of adding dye to the droplets. The result was a striking image in which adjacent droplets showed up in dramatically contrasting colors. Rather than just explaining in a caption that the droplets remained isolated, this approach actually demonstrated this fact in a way that could be grasped instantly, even at a glance.
But color isn't always the answer, Frankel notes — and in fact, many times colors are overused, or used badly. Another before-and-after example in “Visual Strategies” shows a case where researchers had initially used colors in a scanning tunneling microscope image of iron atoms on a copper surface. In that case, she points out, the colors were actually a distraction from some of the most important features in the image: A ring of atoms that served to “corral” electrons, whose density distribution appeared as standing waves, showed up well. But the colors the researchers applied tended to obscure the waves themselves. In that image, Frankel found, the most significant information in the image was much more obvious when the color was removed altogether.
“Images are becoming what our society is about,” Frankel says, citing the ubiquity of electronic devices with ever-better displays. So it's becoming more important than ever to get the images right — and that requires understanding, thought and planning.
Frankel first began working with MIT scientists in 1994, helping improve the clarity and content of the photos they submitted with journal papers. Her work helped to garner those scientists a slew of cover photos in influential journals such as Science, Nature and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, and ultimately led to her first book about the visual communication of science, “Envisioning Science” (MIT Press, 2002).
About 10 years ago, Frankel also pioneered an educational project called “Picturing to Learn.” The idea was to get students to make drawings representing their understanding of basic concepts from their classes. The exercise helps students clarify their understanding while giving teachers a clear sense of student misconceptions — and of exactly which concepts require further explanation.
Donald Sadoway, the John F. Elliott Professor of Materials Chemistry at MIT, piloted the program in an introductory chemistry class a few years ago. He said the misconceptions revealed by some of the drawings helped him to revise the way he taught the class.
After stints at Harvard University and Duke University, Frankel returned last spring to MIT, where she has conducted workshops aimed at helping researchers frame the key concepts of their work. At a workshop earlier this month, more than 100 participants heard a one-hour lecture, and then broke up into teams for exercises designed to get their creative juices flowing — and to help sort out visually useful information from visual clutter.
For that exercise, Frankel presented each team with the same set of data, and asked each to come up with a way of representing that data visually. The resulting depictions were shown to the whole group, spurring discussion and analysis of what worked well and what was less successful at communicating the data's meaning.
Some suggestions for improving the clarity of visual depictions, as described in her new book (co-authored by Angela DePace), are as simple as rethinking how images are arranged on a page. For example, one set of before-and-after comparisons features a graph showing the spectral emissions of nanocrystals of different sizes, and a photo showing those different nanocrystals in vials, each glowing in a different color. Frankel suggested pairing the two images, aligning each colored vial with the corresponding line on the graph, and showing those lines in the same colors, emphasizing the connection. The resulting image is not only visually striking, but also helps to make the information clearer.
Cornelia Dean, a science writer for The New York Times, wrote in a recent profile about Frankel that “she helps researchers use cameras, microscopes and other tools to display the beauty of science. With her help, scientists have turned dull images of things like yeast in a dish or the surface of a CD into photographs so striking that they appear often on covers of scientific journals and magazines.”
Harvard University chemist George Whitesides, a longtime collaborator of Frankel's who has co-authored two books with her, was quoted in Dean's article as saying, “She has transformed the visual face of science.”
Frankel says it's essential that scientists not only pay close attention to the communication of their ideas through still images, but also think about how animated or interactive graphics could help to convey key concepts: Those modes are becoming increasingly available in online and tablet-oriented research journals.
Such dynamic imaging, she says, is “opening up another door” that can help to convey meaning in ever more engaging ways — if it's used thoughtfully. “There are more tools to create visual material,” she says. “It's not just a flatland anymore.”
If you're spending your morning walking from the old port of Marseille south along the sea, you know you're probably having a good day. The waves gleam, the breeze blows and the only cloud in the sky is your slightly crestfallen realisation as a north European that it's all true – life really is better in the places where the sun shines.
The smell of fish from the market on Quai des Belges fades as you walk towards the mouth of the harbour, loomed over by the twin stone forts of Saint-Jean and Saint-Nicolas, built by Louis XIV to guard the approaches to France's imperial port.
Just off the coast you can see the little islands of Frioul, where a squat castle glares out from its rock. This is the Chateau d'If, the original stone guardian of the port, which was converted into the prison where the Count of Monte Cristo did his (fictional) time. The proliferation of fortresses reminds you that while life in Marseille is good, it hasn't always been peaceful.
About a mile south along the seafront you come to the little cove of Vallon des Auffes where there is a small plaza jutting into the sea and an archway surrounded by heroic statues. It's the Porte de l'Orient – a monument dedicated “to the armies of Africa”. The many French armies, that is.
The monument was aflutter with tricolours and bedecked with wreaths for a veterans' memorial event. Ancient military men in uniforms clinking with medals hobbled forth carrying standards bearing the name of the Union National des Combattants. The UNC is a French veterans' organisation that rose to prominence as a force for the Right during the political upheavals of the 1930s.
Fascist street violence
The UNC doesn't do fascist street violence any more, restricting itself to campaigning for veterans' rights and issuing occasional patriotic communiqués. One such release paid tribute to the heroism of the Harki auxiliaries who fought alongside the French army in the Algerian war – a sentiment which would not be echoed by every member of Marseille's large North African population.
On Wednesday the old men had come to commemorate the brave soldiers of France who had given their lives to keep Indochina French. Their brothers in arms had been among the last of the generations to die for a particular idea of France – an imperial project in which France sent out men to occupy distant corners of the world and transform those places into homes from home. As a direct result of the centuries France spent trying to convert great swathes of the rest of the world into extra pieces of France, the French now have Europe's most diverse international football team.
Of the 23 players in their squad for Euro 2016, 15 can trace their ancestry to countries outside of metropolitan France.
These players, or their forebears, have come from countries all over the former empire – including some that are still part of France.
It's ironic that many of the patriots who still think it was a noble idea for France to Frenchify all those countries are the same ones who say a team like this cannot truly represent France.
Eighteen years ago, the French national team became the country's most powerful symbol of multicultural fraternity when it won a home World Cup. Today the team is again the focus of a national debate over race.
Eric Cantona accused the France coach Didier Deschamps of not selecting Karim Benzema and Hatem Ben Arfa, two of France's most gifted footballers, because they were of North African ancestry.
Deschamps announced through his lawyers that he would sue Cantona, but that was before Benzema himself repeated the claims, suggesting that Deschamps had “bowed to pressure from a racist part of France”.
The controversy came as a surprise to observers outside France, who had assumed that Benzema had been dropped because of his involvement in a plot to blackmail another national team player, Mathieu Valbuena, over a sex tape which had come into the possession of some associates of Benzema.
Cantona's argument was that Benzema seemed to be held to higher standards of conduct then some other people in French public life. That his interpretation of the situation can gain any traction tells you something about the place France is in today.
Charlie Hebdo this week mocks the controversy with a cover announcing “Deschamps, Racist! He hasn't picked Mohamed [sic] Ali for Euro 2016”. The accompanying cartoon shows a coffin with the arms and legs of a boxer running across a football pitch.
The joke presumably means to satirise the atmosphere of racially charged hysteria, but it also crudely dismisses the idea that there could be any real basis to the claims advanced by Cantona and Benzema, without showing any workings.
France is the country of egalité and fraternité, to the extent that the government is banned by law from collecting information about citizens' ethnicity and race. Yet the official colour blindness is not always reflected in the little details of life. Look at the mascot for Euro 2016: a little white boy called Super Victor. Would a cockerel have been totally out of the question?
Glory-seeking militarism
It's plain that the French can't agree on what France really is. Is it the rationalist ideals of the Revolution? The glory-seeking militarism of the Empire? The romanticism of Victor Hugo? The apathy of Houellebecq? The say-what-you-feel spontaneity of Cantona? The weigh-every-word establishment pragmatism of Deschamps?
To walk around Marseille, a city a thousand years older than France, is to be reminded that France has been all of these things and tomorrow it will be something else. And as long as there are fish in the sea, they'll still be selling them on the Quai des Belges.
It's rare to see liberals, let alone MSNBC hosts, appear on conservative radio shows, but miracles do happen, and MSNBC host Karen Finney called into Hugh Hewitt‘s radio show. But whatever they had planned to talk about, it was derailed almost immediately when they got into a huge shouting match over McCarthyism and communists within the American government. Hewitt kept pestering Finney to say whether Alger Hiss was a communist. Finney repeatedly deflected, but when Hewitt kept pushing her on the same point, she hung up on him.
Hewitt welcomed Finney with a clip of her on MSNBC comparing Ted Cruz‘s “paranoia” and “fear-stoking” to Joe McCarthy. Hewitt immediately asked Finney about actual communist infiltration of the government. She dismissed the “hysteria” of the time, but Hewitt didn't let her off easy there. He said, “It's an easy question! Do you think Alger Hiss was a communist?”
Finney insisted it had nothing to do with her point, telling Hewitt she didn't want to “go down a rabbit hole” with him. She said, “Hugh, I'm not doing this game with you!”
They got into some heated crosstalk, at which point Finney hangs up on Hewitt. As soon as Hewitt realized what she's done, he immediately burst into laughter and mocked her for not being able to “handle a little tiny question.”
Listen to the audio below:
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The more that middleweight titlist Gennady Golovkin succeeds in his quest to conquer America, the more imminent danger it poses to any boxer within a stone's throw of contention at 160 pounds.
The unbeaten Golovkin has knocked out 21 of his first 24 opponents using a fighting style he calls "power boxing." In fact, it has been nearly five years since an opponent has been able to go the distance with him.
But Golovkin, who fights out of Stuttgart, Germany, is more than just a knockout machine. A 2004 Olympic silver medalist for his native Kazakhstan, he is a veteran of more than 350 amateur fights and is just as comfortable boxing as he is digging a left hook to the body.
Golovkin, 30, dismantled a game Grzegorz Proksa in his U.S. television debut last September and enters his second fight on American soil Saturday against Gabriel Rosado (21-5, 13 KOs) on the undercard of an HBO tripleheader from the Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York. The underground buzz he has created within the sport as a must-see fighter is just about off the charts. But it's how threatening Golovkin appears to be that could prove to be a double-edged sword as he continues to gain exposure.
Look no further than the saga of middleweight champion Sergio Martinez as a cautionary tale. It was the serially avoided Martinez who went from overnight sensation in 2010 to being forced to wait two full years before landing an opponent of any legitimate name recognition. Martinez, like Golovkin, is a man of multiple countries -- hailing from Argentina before coming of age as a fighter in Spain -- but without a marketable American fan base that is representative of either.
Before ultimately lucking out that Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. had improved enough in a short period of time to make a pay-per-view fight against him viable, Martinez was left for too long toiling in title defenses against inferior and unheralded European opponents who did little to further his career. In the cold-hearted business of boxing, it's the relationship equivalent of falling into the friend zone.
Is Golovkin at risk of becoming the next Martinez? Is it possible the more impressive Golovkin looks, the less likely he is to land a big-name opponent?
"Yeah, this is a good question, you know," Golovkin told ESPN.com. "But it doesn't matter for me. Seriously. It doesn't matter, the name. I'll fight everybody."
Golovkin's attitude is refreshing and one can only hope contagious, as well. He's thoroughly enjoying each step of his journey in a way that is palpable, having recently achieved lifelong goals of not only fighting in the U.S. on American TV, but also securing a fight at Madison Square Garden.
Rather than worrying about becoming the next Martinez, Golovkin is too busy having fun trying to figure out how to land a fight against him.
"I want this fight with Sergio," Golovkin said. "I expect to fight him. He is a great champion, and it will be good for my career."
But the similarities between Golovkin and Martinez end nearly as quickly as they begin. Golovkin has been willing to do all of his interviews in English (Martinez has only recently begun brushing up), and he has more time to build his brand than "Maravilla," who was already in his mid-30s when he captured the lineal middleweight crown.
Martinez also had more limitations on potential opponents considering his unwillingness to move up to 168 pounds for a money fight and the fact he was toiling in a then-barren 160-pound division. Finding worthy opponents in his natural division, at junior middleweight, also proved difficult because the big-name welterweights who moonlighted at 154 pounds considered him too big and talented.
The 5-foot-10 Golovkin, meanwhile, has repeatedly stated that he's willing to fight anyone in all three divisions. Just 10 days ahead of the Rosado fight, Golovkin said he sparred comfortably at 162 pounds and felt great. He also referred to the idea of moving down even further, to 154 pounds, as something that "is easy for me."
"Right now my focus is 160; I want to be the best at middleweight," Golovkin said. "Next, it doesn't matter for me. I think next fight, [if] I'm going down to 154, I don't know with whom, but it doesn't matter to me. Seriously, it doesn't matter. I just want to fight, and maybe in the future I'm going to 168. I think for me it's good to find good fights there in the future. I like Andre Ward, Carl Froch. There's a lot out there [at 168 pounds]."
With the upper half of his body crouched forward and his chin precariously extended within reach, Golovkin competes with a fighting stance that invites excitement by almost daring his opponents to engage, and that in-ring style could have the same effect on viewers at home. Golovkin, who is promoted by the Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko-owned K2 Promotions, also has a savvy understanding of the business. He calls building a fan base in America his most important goal in 2013.
"I love the fans, and my style a lot of fans like, with hard punch -- like Mike Tyson-style," Golovkin said. "People want power and knockouts and drama. I like this as my style."
In boxing, if you build a reputation for devastating knockouts, the fans will come. And if they keep coming, the marquee opponents won't be too far behind.
Both the Gatun and Alajuela lakes have reached the highest water levels ever recorded… — Panama Canal closed due to rain, Panama Digest, December 8, 2010
“… these rules are dangerous because, on the surface, it looks like the DRBC is doing something when they're not.” — New Jersey chapter Sierra Club director Jeff Tittel, Delaware River Basin Commission posts proposed Marcellus Shale rules, The Philadelphia Inquirer, December 10, 2010. (For an overview of the water quality debate about gas exploration in the Marcellus Shale, click here.)
… the water exists only on paper. — A risky development, San Francisco Chronicle editorial on proposed development at Redwood City, December 6, 2010
… the Sacramento Regional County Sanitation District is spending hundreds of thousands of ratepayer dollars on misleading publicity, when it could more usefully spend that money cleaning up its bacteria and ammonia-laden wastewater. — Pamela Creedon, executive officer of the Central Valley Regional Water Quality Control Board, Another View: Time for Sacramento to update sewage plant, Sacramento Bee, December 7, 2010
The Central Valley Regional Water Quality Control Board, a state agency enforcing federal law, voted unanimously late Thursday to impose a strict new pollution control permit on the capital region's wastewater system. — Sacramento appeal expected on sewer plant order, Sacramento Bee, December 11, 2010
Pacific Gas and Electric's proposed plan to clean up Chromium 6 in Hinkley is projected to take 150 years to complete, but engineers working on the project say that expansion of the current processes already being used will work for the cleanup efforts. — PG&E proposed cleanup involves expansion of treatments, Desert Dispatch, December 9, 2010
Aquabib n. 1731 -1883: water-drinker, as in I was never much of an aquabib, and always preferred the harder stuff. — Archaic word item, Belfast Telegraph, December 11, 2010, via Proquest
“They're picking on Florida.” — Attorney General Bill McCollum, Florida officials vow to fight EPA rules, Florida Times-Union, December 7, 2010
“Trying to get the truth out of the US Marine Corps is akin to nailing Jell-o to the wall.” — Mike Partain, who was born in a base hospital at Camp Lejeune, NC, site of a massive water contamination, Those affected by Camp Lejeune water still searching for answers, December 10, 2010
“People really need to test their wells.” — US Geological Survey scientist Martha Nielsen, Arsenic spreading in Maine well water, The Portland Press Herald, December 9, 2010
“Enjoy your next two years. You are so done. You're worthless.” — Former board member John Ferreira to new board chairman Bryan Pilkington, North San Joaquin Water Conservation District's stormy session, Lodi News-Sentinel, December 7, 2010
A hydrologist with Department of Environmental Quality, Robert Burgholzer … found that if this model had been used last summer to calculate the release from the lake, the water level of the reservoir [Lake Chesdin] would have fallen only about four feet instead of the more than 11 feet it actually fell. — State officials agree method used to compute river flow was flawed, Petersburg Progress-Index, December 10, 2010
“We may want the water to go that direction, but we don't want the fish to go.” — Jacob McQuirk, project manager for the California Department of Water Resources, ‘Bubble curtain' planned for slough to steer salmon to safety, Sacramento Bee, December 7, 2010
“We're concerned about a veritable soup of active ingredients in our water, and we really don't understand very much about the interactive effects they may have together.” — Ohio Environmental Council health policy director Ellen Mee, Drug traces in water raise questions, concerns, Dayton Daily News, December 7, 2010
“You guys are the experts.” — East Chicago Mayor Anthony Copeland to water officials on what will be needed as the city changes water supplier, East Chicago water department to shut down temporarily, Northwest Indiana Times, December 8, 2010
“Most of the folks who work on Delta water policy are not anti-dam. We're anti-dumb dam.” — David Nesmith, California Environmental Water Caucus, East Bay reservoir expansion to begin in spring, Mercury News, December 10, 2010
“We are delighted to welcome Howard to our board.” — Muhtar Kent, chairman and chief executive of Coca-Cola, Son of Warren Buffett elected to board, Atlanta Constitution-Journal, December 9, 2010
For California water news, go to Aquafornia, the newsfeed of the Water Education Foundation. For San Diego stories, try Groksurf's San Diego. Or, for all things fresh water, do check in with WaterWired. For Bay-Delta peripheral canal/tunnel debate, try On the public record.
Comments
When the Grassroot Institute of Hawaii first kicked off our “Audit the Rail” campaign, we had a feeling the idea would catch on.
Over the summer, we've seen respected voices across the state join the chorus.
At the outset, we did some digging and uncovered the fact that several HART board members supported a forensic audit of the rail.
Following that, the Honolulu Star-Advertiser published a story echoing our call to audit the rail explicitly for fraud, waste and abuse.
Then, Honolulu Councilmember Trevor Ozawa introduced a resolution to perform a special audit of the rail. Since then, at least four other Honolulu Council members have endorsed an audit.
And now, state legislators are floating the idea of auditing the rail, according to a presentation leaked to the press last week.
As influential voices across the state join the Grassroot Institute's call to audit the rail, we intend to continue making a reasoned case for a full forensic audit.
If you have not yet signed our petition, please do so at AuditTheRail.com and share this e-mail with your friends.
Mahalo for helping this idea to catch on.
”The DMCA was supposed to provide balance between service providers and content owners, but instead it provides harmful ‘safe havens' under which many platforms either pay nothing or pay less than market value for music”.
In total, three letters have been circulated: one from the music organizations and managers, one from artists and songwriters, and one from creators. All three come to the conclusion and agreement that the DMCA needs to be reformed to protect intellectual property.
The DMCA was enacted in 1998, and was forged during the formative years of the internet. In the current atmosphere, it simply isn't doing enough to prevent piracy, and often encourages it. Just moments after infringing content is taken down from a place like Google results, the exact same content is commonly re-uploaded. That forces content owners to constantly issue takedowns, often in a fruitless battle for control.
Beyond this artist group, several others have spoken out via the US government's public consultation regarding DMCA safe harbor provisions.
Online, Fight For The Future and a popular YouTube channel, ChannelAwesome, have started a campaign against DMCA abuse. The channels have already generated over 210,000 views on YouTube, 4,000 YouTube video comments, and 50,000 comments to the Copyright Office via TakedownAbuse.org.
This public consultation will draw to a close at end of day today.
Whoops. Looks like it isn't going to be allowed to happen. Conor McGregor announced that he's going to face Diego Sanchez at UFC 180, where he moves up to lightweight and takes on the long time UFC vet in Mexico. Shortly after the tweet went out though, Dana White throws cold water on everything. From ESPN:
Dana White on Conor in Mexico: That kid is nuts. No he's not. He wants to but he's not. — Brett Okamoto (@bokamotoESPN) October 2, 2014
Well that's that I guess. While a win over a 'name' and an established veteran in Sanchez could help the already meteoric rise of McGregor move further, looks like the UFC brass won't allow the relatively short notice bout to happen.
If I'm not mistaken though, it seems to me like McGregor took that advice Sonnen had during his interview with our own Steph Daniels.
So what's next for McGregor? He won't get that bout he's been angling on for a while now, but I guess plans for flying out to Brazil to call out the winner of Aldo and Mendes are back on.
Originally from Downingtown, PA, Becky Edwards became a member of the Orlando Pride in a trade which brought her and teammate Kristen Edmonds from the Western New York Flash back in December. The trade included a second-round pick in the 2016 NWSL College Draft and a first-round pick in 2017.
A four-year veteran of the NWSL, Edwards first joined the league as a member of Portland Thorns in 2013. Edwards was then selected by the Houston Dash with the eighth pick in the 2014 NWSL Expansion Draft, and she was a key piece in the Carli Lloyd to Houston trade, which saw Becky play for the Flash in 2015. A linchpin for the Flash, Edwards played every minute last season while contributing two goals and three assists.
Prior to her time in the NWSL, she spent two seasons playing in Sweden, as well as two seasons in the now defunct Women's Professional Soccer -- first with FC Gold Pride then with Western New York. Becky was a standout in college while attending Florida State University. She was kind enough to answer a few of our questions.
Q: For part of your career you were playing overseas. How did you end up there?
A: Well, after the 2011 season, when I played for Western New York, I went to play on loan in Sweden just because I wanted the season to go longer. The WPS season was short. I wanted to develop my game, so I played on loan in Hammarby in Stockholm. It was incredible for two months. I came back, then in January, I believe, we found out the WPS had folded...There was a league in the U.S. but it wasn't fully professional, so it was a summer league -- maybe four months -- and I decided to go back and play in Sweden all of 2012. The team I was playing for was relegated, so they went to the lower division. I signed with a team in the top (flight) in Sweden. Played there. I loved Sweden. I loved playing there. Love the culture.
Q: Since you've been back in the NWSL, you've moved around a little bit. Can you talk about your experience when you were traded to the Pride?
A: Yeah, I played on a different team in the NWSL and part of that was doing my dues and getting around the league. I'd torn my ACL in Portland, was picked up in the expansion draft, went to Houston, and was traded to Western New York. For me, personally, coming to the Pride, I had asked for the trade from Western New York. I wanted to come to Orlando where I'm starting settle down my life in Florida. So it was a personal request from me to the club and I'm glad Western New York was able to work with me and get me here to Orlando.
Q: What kind of leadership role do you see yourself in? Have you talked to Coach Tom Sermanni about it?
A: No, I haven't really talked to Tom about it. I'm more of q quiet leader. Lead by example. I'm not one to yell and scream. I would like to think my hard work and the way that I play the game is more of my leadership...yeah, I would like to think that's more my style of leadership, and we'll see how Tom does with that and how the team goes with that. That's kind of who I am.
Q: For people who are unfamiliar with you as a player, what do you bring to the team and what are your strengths?
A: I would say I'm a pretty composed player. Just keep it simple and I pride myself in keeping the ball, keeping possession. Hard work, winning balls by either reading the game, or in the air, or by being physical. But you know, in that defensive midfield position it's all about keeping the ball and keeping possession and winning balls at the same time, so it's kind of a mix in there, but just staying composed on the ball. Spreading the ball around and creating opportunities for my teammates to create things.
Q: What are the toppings on the perfect pizza?
A: Well, I like vegetables, so I would say spinach, onion and mushrooms.
Thanks once again to Becky Edwards. We wish her all the best this upcoming season. You can follow her on Twitter at @BeckyEdwards14 and learn more about Becky's experience with her ACL tear here. You can catch up on our other Pride of Orlando player profiles here.
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said 12 accounts representing about 25% of the gross bad loans in the banking system would be eligible for immediate reference for bankruptcy proceedings. It used one criterion for shortlisting these accounts: they should have outstanding dues of at least Rs5,000 crore, of which at least 60% should have been classified as non-performing by banks as of 31 March 2016.
RBI did not name these 12 accounts. Mint has put together a list of likely candidates on which the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code can be implemented, based on debt size and conversations with bankers. This list will be updated as and when more information comes in.
Bhushan Steel Ltd
Lead Bank: Punjab National Bank
Debt: Rs42,355.53 crore (as on 31 March 2017); Rs38,529.26 crore (as on 31 March 2016)
Interest Coverage Ratio: 0.25 (Fiscal 2017)
Many banks classified this account as a non-performing asset after RBI's asset quality review in the fourth quarter of FY16. This was done after efforts at resolution, such as joint lender forum (JLF) discussions and a 5/25 refinancing plan, failed. The JLF was set up after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested Neeraj Singhal, vice-chairman of Bhushan Steel, in a cash-for-loans case in 2014. Until recently, lenders were considering restructuring the company's debt under the RBI's Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets, or S4A, which allowed lenders to split the debt into sustainable and unsustainable parts. A company spokesperson declined to comment, saying that it is too early to respond.
Bhushan Power and Steel Ltd
Lead Bank: Punjab National Bank
Debt: N.A. (as on 31 March 2017); Rs35, 684 crore (as on 31 March 2016)
Interest Coverage Ratio: N.A. (fiscal 2017)
Just like many other power sector firms, Bhushan Power and Steel has struggled to service its debt. Chairman and managing director Sanjay Singal had sought a deep restructuring of loans but there was no head way. According to 7 June 2017 report of the Economic Times, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office had initiated investigation into the company. Singal did not comment on whether Bhushan Power would be one of the first companies to go for bankruptcy proceedings after RBI was granted powers under the new ordinance.
Essar Steel Ltd
Lead Bank: State Bank of India
Debt: N.A (as on 31 March 2017); Rs31,211 (as on 31 March 2016)
Interest Coverage Ratio: N.A (Fiscal 2017)
Essar Steel was declared as a non-performing asset in 2015 and lenders have been making efforts to restructure debt. In October 2016, Essar group sold its oil and Vadinar port assets to a consortium led by Rosneft OAO for Rs86,000 crore. The deal will help the group reduce its total debt in half and restructure the debt of Essar Steel, Prashant Ruia, a director at Essar group had said then. An Essar spokesperson did not immediately comment on Tuesday night. This copy will be updated with Essar's response as and when we get it.
Alok Industries Ltd
Lead Bank: State Bank of India
Debt: Rs23,443 crore (as on 31 March 2017); Rs19,887 crore (as on 31 March 2016)
Interest Coverage Ratio: -0.59 (Fiscal 2017)
Alok Industries was one of the earliest cases which was admitted for restructuring under the CDR scheme. Later the lenders considered restructuring the company under RBI's new schemes, which failed to be implemented and the account was classified as an NPA. In October 2016, the board of directors gave the approval to the company to approach the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) following an erosion in its net worth by more than 50% from peak levels. This was followed by SIDBI filing a winding up petition in the Bombay high court. A spokesperson declined comment.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif says the Islamic Republic will counter the recent US measures against Iran by further boosting its missile capabilities.
“We will respond to recent US measures against Iran's missile program by further boosting our missile power,” Zarif said on Saturday.
He added that Tehran has no limitations on developing its missile program “because this program has nothing to do with nuclear weapons.”
In line with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's order, Iran will continue to enhance its missile capabilities, Zarif stressed.
In an order to Iran's Defense Minister Brigadier General Hossein Dehqan on December 31, 2015, Rouhani urged acceleration in the production of “various types of missiles” needed to improve the country's defense capabilities..
A long-range Qadr ballistic missile is launched in the Alborz mountain range in northern Iran on March 9, 2016. ©AFP
On Thursday, the US Treasury Department blacklisted two Iranian companies claiming that the firms backed Iran's ballistic missile program. Washington also claimed that the companies are working for an industrial group, which the US alleges is in charge of Iran's ballistic missile program.
The blacklisting came after the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) successfully test-fired two more ballistic missiles on March 9 as part of military drills to assess the IRGC's capabilities. The missiles dubbed Qadr-H and Qadr-F were fired during large-scale drills, code-named Eqtedar-e-Velayat.
On March 8, Iran fired another ballistic missile called Qiam from silo-based launchers in different locations across the country.
A handout picture released on March 8, 2016 by Sepah News, shows a ballistic missile being launched during a test in an undisclosed location in Iran. ©AFP
Zarif, who was accompanying Iran's President Hassan Rouhani in his two-day visit to Pakistan, also said comments by the US presidential candidates regarding the Islamic Republic's missile program should not be taken seriously.
He added that personal views of the person in charge will not change the fact that Washington is legally bound to respect the nuclear agreement, dubbed the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), reached between Iran and the six world powers in July 2015.
The US administration should comply with its obligations in practice, Zarif said, stressing that some US presidential candidates, under the influence of the Zionist lobby, are making such comments against Iran which should not be heeded.
Last week, US presidential candidates took the stage at the 2016 American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) policy conference to voice unconditional support for the Israeli regime in an apparent attempt to attract more campaign funding from the influential Zionist lobby in the run-up to the 2016 presidential election.
To get the green light, the hopefuls voiced support for Israel by attacking Iran and Palestine more than ever before.
Republican hopeful Donald Trump said he would end the JCPOA, calling the agreement “catastrophic.”
"My number one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran," he said, adding, "I have been in business a long time. I know deal making. And let me tell you, this deal is catastrophic. For America, for Israel and for the whole of the Middle East."
Ted Cruz also did his best not to fall behind in the race to win Israel's support, saying, “On the first day in office, I will rip this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal to shreds.”
On Iran's recent missile tests, the Texas senator said, “If I am president, and Iran launches a missile test, we will shoot that missile down.”
Republicans claim that Tehran's missile program poses a threat to global security, while Iran categorically denies the claim, arguing that it is solely defensive.
During the first debate in Denver, Mitt Romney became very offended when the president suggested that—get this!—Mitt Romney might have missed out on a tax deduction he could have taken.
“…you said you get a deduction for taking a plant overseas. Look, I've been in business for 25 years,” the GOP nominee for president and longtime CEO of Bain Capital said. “I have no idea what you're talking about. I maybe need to get a new accountant.”
Unless the plural of accountant is “accountant,” everything about this answer is BS.
Both his and Bain's armies of accountants certainly know that American businesses are allowed to write off the expenses of moving overseas. As an investor in companies that were “pioneers in the practice of shipping work from the United States to overseas call centers and factories,” Romney had to know this.
“There is certainly a tax break for U.S. companies that move operations or people abroad,” said Gary McGill, director of the Fisher School of Accounting at the University of Florida.
But Mitt found a way to use his business experience against the president by accusing the president of not telling the truth. This is a perfect example of how he “won” the debate.
Romney used deception to excuse his life's work of cheapening the value of American labor and avoiding taxes while casting the president as ignorant about business. In a visual medium where appearance is everything, Romney galloped half-truths and blatant falsehoods like this over and over in a confident yet cool manner. And though the media knew that he disregarded the facts, they said he'd won. And the polls agreed.
Now Romney must feel as if he can get away with anything. “I've got these fools thinking I don't talk to my ‘accountant,'” he must be saying to himself. “What can't I say?” Nothing, apparently.
This week, Mitt Romney said something that was absolutely amazing in its cruelty. When asked about what will happen to the up to 50 million Americans who will lose health insurance if he repeals Obamacare and cuts Medicaid as he said he would, Romney repeated something he said on 60 Minutes just a few weeks before:
“We don't have a setting across this country where if you don't have insurance, we just say to you, ‘Tough luck, you're going to die when you have your heart attack. No, you go to the hospital, you get treated, you get care, and it's paid for, either by charity, the government or by the hospital. We don't have people that become ill, who die in their apartment because they don't have insurance.”
Americans don't die because they do not have health insurance?
LOL. A dark, painful LOL. As Paul Krugman would say, ”A sick joke.”
583
0
0
0
0
583
Dr. Peter Singer, one of the world's most influential living philosophers, will be the featured speaker at a two-day event sponsored by Pitt's Global Studies Center.
Both talks will showcase Singer's controversial thinking on some of the world's most pressing ethical issues.
Ethics for One World
Thursday, October 13th
7 PM
Carnegie Library Lecture Hall (behind Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh)
Free
In this lecture on the risks inherent in globalization, Singer will argue that our most challenging issues today are global. From climate change, economic globalization, and extreme poverty to the responsibility to protect people from genocide and crimes against humanity, Singer will make the case for the need to challenge both the prudence and the ethics of those who put forward nationalist perspectives.
Global Ethics in a Time of Total Change
Friday, October 14th
6 PM
Frick Fine Arts Auditorium
Free
This conversation between Singer and Dr. Terry Smith, Andrew W. Mellon Professor of Contemporary Art History and Theory at Pitt, will expand upon Singer's lecture from the previous evening. The two will explore the concept of coevality in a dialogue with key members of the Pitt community.
Following the dialogue, Pitt doctoral students will present a new web publication titled The Coevality Project.
[Produced by Stefan Ponce]
[Intro]
I know it's your first
I will try to be gentle
My love....
[Verse 1]
Worst rapper to ever spit on an open mic
Worst rapper to ever get on so many likes
Worst rapper to ever blow up and over night
And when my D swell my D-12 friends, but Obie Trice
Young, black and gifted but he still in America
Heard the flow was getting better, is he sleeping with Erykah?
They're passing me they demo, these rappers, I think it's funny
Because they tryna get my demo, young white kids with money
I promise, the worst rapper, iTunes most played
It's just me and both Macs, self made, self paid
Headlines saying he's leaving to be a rapper
With niggas saying:
"This dummy; he's eating off of his acting, I mean
Who the fuck wanna be a rapper, it's stupid, I mean
Who knew that every rapper with a new crew
Wanna do shit on Hulu,"—that's the blueprint
You drive until the lease up
I drive until it's dirty, please somebody call the Brinks truck
Yeah they know me [HAPPY FACE EMOJI]
That OG, I might OD so Avengers keep it lowkey (AHH)
Well I'm sitting on top of the world
There's only one second secure
But I can't get it back
My life is a sham no time to react; breathe
Find solace in the fact my ball bigger
Pause, like dog fingers
Give a fuck 'bout y'all niggas
Get the point like ball kickers
I do shit, eat good, need a toothpick
Your girl play my music
So that's thumbs down to your new shit
Truly honest man, I wish there was more of us freaking outGod damn, what're you doing man?I can't name a lot of rappers that you better than Me and Fam in the corner, what are they talking 'bout?The same dudes who laughing after you goBe the same dudes emailing asking you 'bout your showIt's on FX? Tight niggaI don't really like those niggas, Childish like goldfishesHe was standing there like 20 seconds beforeNow he's gasping for air, bullet holes inside of his domeWhat's the point? I don't knowWhy am I here? Why am I alive? Why do you care?Living real everyday, what was your undoing?Damn 'Bino why you gotta do it to em?[Outro]My new girls so pretty that the world shineMy new girls getting kissed by the coast lineBig brother, little brother lifestyle wavyCool, uhhh...(Always thinking)
Lanhee Chen, former policy director for the Romney-Ryan 2012 campaign and Fellow at the Hoover Institute, joined Brian and compared what America's relationship is like with Israel today with what it would have been had Romney won in 2012.
LISTEN HERE:
On CPAC, Chen said Governor Scott Walker has a great message and is one of the few republicans who can attract both establishment and Tea Party voters. Chen gave Jeb Bush credit for going before an unfriendly crowd and standing strong on immigration. Chen also said anybody who counts Christie out at this point is making a mistake. Chen believes that Christie will be a compelling candidate who like Bush, will be also be an authentic candidate.
When asked about Mitt Romney's decision not to run in 2016, Chen said Romney felt it was time for republicans to put up "fresh blood" for the 2016 nomination.
The Criminal Assets Bureau (CAB) have carried out a number of raids today targeting the Kinahan cartel, seizing almost €30k in cash, three cars and 20 watches as well as a small quantity of drugs.
The Criminal Assets Bureau (CAB) have carried out a number of raids today targeting the Kinahan cartel, seizing almost €30k in cash, three cars and 20 watches as well as a small quantity of drugs.
CAB seize €30k in cash, cars and 20 watches in series of raids targeting Kinahan cartel
The raids, nine in Dublin and one in Wicklow, took place this morning.
Officers seized €28,500 in cash along with £700 in sterling, as well as an Audi A4, a BMW X5 and a VW Passat.
Some of the cash seized in the raids
Also seized were 20 watches, including Rolex and Tag Heuer brands.
One of the watches seized in the raids
Small quantities of what is suspected to be cocaine and cannabis were also taken away for further examination.
In addition to the seizures, €20,000 has been frozen in financial institutions and a device to test diamonds was also taken away by officers.
The diamond testing kit found by officers
Documents and mobile phones have also been taken away for examination.
More watches seized in the raids
Gardai confirmed that no arrests have been made.
Online Editors
Thomas Herndon, 28, in his third year of economics grad school, did not expect his class assignment to shake the underpinnings of global austerity. (Courtesy of UMass Amherst)
The economics student who debunked global austerity explains why he did it.
'Economics is normative as well as positive; we're making policies for human society.'
Thomas Herndon has had a swell couple of weeks. The 28-year-old graduate student has been interviewed numerous times and cited just about everywhere after playing a key role in debunking a 2010 paper by Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff that was used to justify global austerity policies.
The Harvard paper claimed that countries saw significantly slower growth if their debt was above 90 percent of their GDP. Its findings resonated beyond academia, getting referenced in mainstream American political discourse by the likes of Paul Ryan. Across the Atlantic, European Central Bank officials used it to bolster the case for rounds of cuts in the wake of the Eurozone crisis.
That all became a bit more difficult after Herndon, in his third year in the economics graduate program at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, was assigned to replicate a published study for an applied econometrics class. Something seemed a bit wrong about the Reinhart and Rogoff paper to him, and he selected it for further investigation.
After weeks of trying to use the snippets of available data to reconstruct the relationship between debt ratios and growth that Reinhart and Rogoff had apparently so forcefully demonstrated, he became convinced that there was no way that the data could support their conclusions. After repeated requests, Herndon finally got the researchers to send him the raw data in an Excel sheet.
Herndon was right: The numbers didn't add up. The problem with the paper has been widely reported as a single arithmetic error, the product of a few cells not being included in an equation, but Herndon told me that:
There were actually four errors all together. Any one error by itself would not have been enough to cause the negative average. It was the combined effect of all four of them: They interacted with each other and amplified each other—almost like a perfect storm of errors. The errors are the selective exclusion of data, the spreadsheet error, the unconventional weighting of the average and the transcription error.
As news of Herndon's findings spreads, what was once a strong consensus in favor of austerity has taken a serious hit. I talked to Herndon over the phone yesterday about his political views, what it means to be an economist and what other options to neoliberalism may be on the table.
How does it feel to be famous? Is it like the rock music would have us believe—lonely and tortuous?
I enjoy it a little bit, but's it's a lot of work. It's kind of overwhelming. I never for a moment thought that the world would be interested in my econometrics replication, but the thing I enjoy the most about it is that I can make a contribution to getting everyone talking about these really controversial austerity policy measures, and I'm really honored to be able to do that.
Do you consider yourself an anti-austerian, or ideological in any way? Or are you something of a dispassionate academic?
The research we present in our paper is solid research, it's not ideological research. I'd rather focus on the message in our paper, because I come from a really interesting department. We have a lot of influences—the Washington Post detailed that—but that's independent of the errors that the Harvard economists made, and I feel a lot more comfortable speaking to the research we have in our paper.
Reality does have a political bias. And UMass Amherst has a pretty famously heterodoxical economics department. Can you just speak about the environment in that milieu, or how it might differ from departments elsewhere?
I haven't really been in departments elsewhere. But I will say that the critical environment that we're surrounded by pushes us to question everything. And I think that's really helpful for research, to question all the basic assumptions and to really look at stuff carefully.
By “basic assumptions” do you mean the basic assumptions of neoliberal economics of the past few decades that have been more dominant in other departments?
Among other assumptions. We try to look at the assumptions of whatever argument, and we just try to do good research from a human perspective.
But that reputation, as being somewhat more critical and left-leaning, is one that's lingered around your department. Does that make it harder for the work to get mainstream acceptance? Is it double- and triple-checked, or subjected to more scrutiny than it otherwise would be?
I would say because of the department's reputation, perhaps, that was motivation to make sure that I triple-checked my work. And it's also motivation to do a really good job, because we're not one of the more prominent schools, like the Ivy League universities or whatever. I think it means that there's a higher burden of proof, or standard of evidence, that's applied to us. But I have high standards myself, and I'm very comfortable with trying to do excellent work. That's the whole point.
What's your background? What made you decide to pursue economics?
It's hard to point to any one thing and say conclusively, “This made me do what I did.” But basically what I'm motivated by is that economics affects real human beings in their daily lives. That's one reason why I am very much interested in austerity policies, because they've been really controversial. And as I've heard doing media interviews and talking to reporters across the world, they give me a lot of stories about pain and suffering and heartbreak that these policies have caused.
You don't see much of a tension between having a commitment to understanding how market forces affect people's lives and the ability as an intellectual to study it somewhat removed from preconceptions?
I don't see the tension. I think you have to have the ability to be objective and just look at data. I do. But I also think that having social motivations and the human motivations for my work is really important, because it's what helps me keep going. Economics is a very hard discipline to study; not everybody likes studying statistics and things like that, but I would say, rather than clouding my judgment, it grounds it in the everyday experience of people and it motivates me to work harder.
In terms of scientific rigor, we use the basic tools of empirical research and data analysis, and we try to do honest work. I think as long as you have that, you should be okay. This is a social science, and we do have to take positions on policies for society. Economics is normative as well as positive; we're making policies for human society, so we will have norms that we think are good and bad. There's also the positive, like just what the data says, and the honest research. But it's a mix.
I don't think it would be possible for anybody to separate their basic understandings of society from their analyses, and that's why I think you need people from a wide variety of backgrounds as well, who have different experiences and see the world differently. That type of debate I only see as good for the economics profession.
What kind of impact do you think the original study really had? Would the pro-austerity camp just have easily found any other type of ideological or academic justification for what they had in their minds and their class interests to do all along?
It's hard for me to make any solid claims about the motivations of politicians. What I could say though, is that it's very clear that this paper was extremely influential and was the most widely cited, and certainly justified these policies.
I'm sure economists would all like to think that their papers really inform policy at the highest levels and everything scientific, but who knows? I would say that there are some preliminary reports that the study has already impacted policymaking. For example, John Taylor, the conservative blogger and economist, wrote—he was very unhappy about this development—that people close to the G20 process omitted the debt targets from a recent communique citing our study.
If not austerity, what's the alternative?
The argument that we're making right now is that public borrowing can play an important role in overcoming the recession because of the particular historical moment; it's such that we would expect public borrowing to have large positive effects with relatively few costs, and that, moreover, it's a set of circumstances that we would expect austerity policies to have large negative effects with comparably few benefits.
Would this be a short-term fix to get us out of this recession? Or is something closer to the social democratic model of the '60s and '70s actually sustainable?
I think public borrowing could play certainly the short-term role. But then in the long time, we definitely need to make larger changes in the economy. To be a little more specific, I would suggest people look at a lot of the proposals from the [UMass] Political Economy Research Institute, or the other ones coming out of the department. We have a lot of writing on how, for example, creating a green economy can create a lot of jobs for people, pushing towards full employment.
Mother who left 3yo boy sleeping in hot car should not be jailed for 'aberration', court told
Updated
An Adelaide woman who left her sleeping child in a car on a 41.8 degrees Celsius day while she went shopping is a "loving mother" who should not be jailed for an "aberration", her lawyer has told the District Court.
The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was found guilty of aggravated creating risk of serious harm.
She left her three-year-old son in a car while she went shopping in Adelaide's north-eastern suburbs in February 2014 on an extremely hot day.
The woman claimed she forgot her sleeping son but the prosecution alleged she deliberately left him in the car because she thought he would be in a bad mood if she woke him.
Prosecutor Andrew Fowler-Walker told the court the crime was "sufficiently serious" to warrant a custodial sentence but did not oppose it being suspended.
"Without intervention by other people at the shopping centre it's more than likely this child would have died," he said.
"The accused maintains her not guilty version that she forgot her child thereby not accepting the finding of guilt by the jury."
The woman's lawyer, Adam Gaite, told the court his client was a loving mother who was stressed and grieving the death of her nephew at the time of the offence.
"It's an offence that falls into the lower end of the scale and an offence that was an aberration," Mr Gaite said.
"She's not a person that is a risk to her children."
Mr Gaite said although it was accepted the child was at risk of harm, the boy did not suffer any injuries.
Mother 'affected' by trial and publicity
He said his client had been affected by the publicity surrounding her case.
"[My client] does not at all revel in that," he said.
"It is particularly stressful for her to be having to deal with the trial and the publicity.
"It was perhaps a case of importance because of the necessity to ensure that in Adelaide, or anywhere else, children aren't left in cars on hot days, or left in cars at all really.
"But she's had to bear the brunt of that publicity and there has been unhappy social media activity directed towards her."
Judge Julie McIntyre will sentence the woman next month.
Topics: family-and-children, child-abuse, community-and-society, courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, adelaide-5000, modbury-5092, sa
First posted
NRL legend and ESPN's own Brett Kimmorley has joined the United States Hawks as an assistant coach for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
Since retiring as a 307-match player in 2010, Kimmorley has held various coaching roles ranging from a specialist halfback coach at Canterbury Bulldogs to a senior coach position at Wests Devils Rugby League.
Kimmorley, 40, says he's thrilled for the opportunity to work alongside head coach Brian McDermott of the Leeds Rhinos.
"I'm very excited and honoured to be part of the coaching staff for the U.S.A. Hawks team in the 2017 World Cup. Brian is a very successful coach in the Super League and I look to educate myself from the time we spend together," Kimmorley said.
"I look forward to sharing my knowledge of the game and assisting the players with their performance not only in the World Cup, but also when they return to America.
"I have played in a World Cup and view it as the pinnacle of international game and will do my best to achieve the best results that we can."
The Hawks have won their past five competitive matches -- including the annual Colonial Cup against Canada -- and will be confident of growing even stronger with Kimmorley on board.
The 2017 Rugby League World Cup will be held in Australia, New Zealand and Papa New Guinea with the United States' first match to be against Fiji in Townsville, Queensland.
Experience improved graphics and controls in this exciting TurboGrafx-16 sequel to the original action RPG. (Photo: Business Wire)
Start your engines and gear up for the ultimate racing experience in Cars 3: Driven to Win, inspired by Disney Pixar's upcoming film Cars 3. (Photo: Business Wire)
Start your engines and gear up for the ultimate racing experience in Cars 3: Driven to Win, inspired by Disney Pixar's upcoming film Cars 3. (Photo: Business Wire)
REDMOND, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--This week's Nintendo Download includes the following featured content:
Nintendo eShop on Nintendo Switch Cars 3: Driven to Win – Start your engines and gear up for the ultimate racing experience in Cars 3: Driven to Win , inspired by Disney Pixar's upcoming film Cars 3 . Train and advance your abilities in six game modes and challenge your family and friends in the Battle Race to become the Ultimate Champion. Cars 3: Driven to Win will be available on June 13.
(Additional accessories may be required for multiplayer mode and are sold separately.)
Virtual Console on Wii U Alien Crush – Alien Crush is a pinball game that features realistic pinball action and superb “biomechanical” graphics. Complete with a function to nudge the machine, this TurboGrafx-16 game feels like you're playing on a real pinball machine! Extra balls and bonus points are your keys to getting high scores. Neutopia II – Experience improved graphics and controls in this exciting TurboGrafx-16 sequel to the original action RPG. Once again you'll need to rely on your magic compass and the information you've gathered to find entrances to labyrinths and defeat the bosses in them. Make your way through the field to search for and find hidden information and items, or move blocks and destroy walls to uncover secret rooms.
Nintendo eShop sales:
Nintendo eShop on Wii U and Nintendo 3DS Great deals this week! Check out the full list of deals on Nintendo 3DS and Wii U available this week at http://www.nintendo.com/games/sales-and-deals.
Activities:
*The content cannot be played without the Mario Kart 8 game for the Wii U console.
To learn more about these and other great My Nintendo rewards, head over to https://my.nintendo.com/.
Fire Emblem Heroes – Tempest Trials – Running until June 21 at 11:59 p.m. PT, this special event introduces a series of maps you must fight your way through from beginning to end. Gather your strongest allies and challenge your way to the final map! If all of the allies on your team are defeated, you can immediately make a new team and try the map again. However, defeated allies cannot be used again until the final map is cleared, or until all your teams are defeated and you attempt a new trial. During this time, there will also be quests related to Tempest Trials. Also, to celebrate this new event, a new Xenologue Map has been added. Available on App Store and Google Play, this mobile application is free-to-start and offers some optional in-app purchases. For more information, visit https://fire-emblem-heroes.com/en/topics/index.html?id=detail-20170607.
Theme Shop on Nintendo 3DS:
New themes this week include: Disney Tsum Tsum Princesses Edition
Also new this week:
In addition to video games available at retail stores, Nintendo also offers a variety of content that people can download directly to their systems. Nintendo adds new games weekly to Nintendo eShop on the Nintendo Switch console, the Wii U console and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems.
Nintendo eShop is a cash-based service that features a wide variety of content, including new and classic games, applications and demos. Users can add money to their account balances by using a credit card or purchasing a Nintendo eShop Card at a retail store and entering the code from the card. All funds from one card must be loaded in Nintendo eShop on Nintendo Switch, Wii U or the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, but can be used in any Nintendo eShop if the systems are linked to a single Nintendo Network account.
The Wii Shop Channel offers games and applications and uses Wii Points, which can be purchased via the Wii Shop Channel.
Remember that Nintendo Switch, Wii U, Wii, New Nintendo 3DS, New Nintendo 3DS XL, Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo 3DS XL, and Nintendo 2DS feature parental controls that let adults manage some of the content their children can access. Nintendo 3DS players who register a Nintendo Network ID gain access to free-to-start games and free game demos from Nintendo eShop, and also get the latest news and information direct from Nintendo. For more information about this and other features, visit http://www.nintendo.com/switch, http://www.nintendo.com/wiiu or http://www.nintendo.com/3ds.
Note to editors: Nintendo press materials are available at http://press.nintendo.com, a password-protected site. To obtain a login, please register on the site.
“Four years and the revolution continues”
For the celebration of the fourth year of the revolution in Syria, demonstrations and campaigns were organized by some revolutionary popular councils in regions free of the Assad regime forces and of its allies on one side and Islamic reactionary and jihadist forces on the other side.
In the free neighbourhoods of Bustan Qasr, Salah al-Din and Masaken Hananou neighbourhoods, in Aleppo, in addition to massive demonstrations in the streets, the Council of Revolutionaries of Aleppo organised a carnival that included theatre plays and concerts. [1]
The activists also launched various campaigns at this same period, notably “raise the flag of your revolution”, in opposition to the one of the Assad regime and the black flags of Jabhat Al Nusra and Daech. The flag of the revolution was actually raised by all the demonstrators and throughout the street of the neighborhood, in addition to posters and graffitis of the flag and martyrs of the revolutions. The campaign “raise the flag of our revolution” was actually followed throughout the country in the regions where it was possible, for example Eastern Ghouta and Rif Hama,[2] and towns and villages in which weekly demonstrations still occur, such as Kafranbel.
The different activists of the Council confirmed their will to overthrow the Assad regime and to hold accountable those responsible for the killing and displacement of citizens of the city. Protesters also raised slogans and placards such as “four years and the revolution continues” or “revolution until victory”.
Despite the regime's bombing, the carnival of the revolutionaries lasted few days.
In the city of Douma, several hundred civilians organised a protest against the Syrian regime in commemoration of the fourth anniversary of the country's uprising, despite the bombings of the regime's planes. In addition to this, the organization “The Day After” (TDA)'s Communicators in the city created a memorial for martyrs from the area. The team wrote the names of 200 martyrs that were selected to represent all strands of Syrian society – activists, civil defence, teachers, photographers, aid workers, doctors and many others. [3] The same organisation was also behind the “‪Ishtiki” campaign in the region of the Ghouta. The objective of this campaign was to encourage the inhabitants to express any concerns they may have about the behaviour of armed groups in their areas, and initiate action or dialogue to improve interactions between civilians and armed group members.[4] Finally, in West Ghouta TDA's organisation worked on a campaign to encourage children to go back to school. Low school attendance, in particular by internally displaced children, is a large problem in many parts of ‪the country.
In the city of Saqba, in Rif Damacus, demonstrators held a protest on the destructions of the buildings and houses of the town for the anniversary of the revolution.
Before the celebrations of the fourth year of the revolution, various activities and demonstrations occurred against the Assad regime and Islamic reactionary and jihadist forces.
On March 23 2015, The Fraternity Centre for Democracy and Civil Society in Syria, popular organisation composed of Syrian Kurdish and Arab citizens, launched a solidarity campaign with Mazen Darwish and his colleagues of the Damascus-based Syrian Centre for Media and Freedom of Expression, still imprisoned by the Assad regime, in the cities of Al-Hasakah and Qamishli and Terbspie and Rass Al Ain.
In Mid March, the free neighbourhoods of Aleppo organised protests in solidarity with the city of Douma, which was suffering from heavy bombings of the Assad regime. Placards of solidarity could be read such as “my body is in Aleppo and my soul is in Douma”.[5]
In the beginning of March 2015, and after two months of opposition and massive demonstrations in the city of Beit Sahem in Rif Damascus were able to expel, with the help of the FSA, Jabhat Al Nusra from these cities, despite its use of violent repression. The revolutionaries condemned the violent and repressive actions of Jabhat Al Nusra in the towns of Yalda, Beit Sahem and Babbila.
Several demonstrations have also been organized in a village of Rif Idlib since end of February against the authoritarian practices of Jabhat Al Nusra.[6]
In the city of Saqba, Rif Damascus, a demonstration of the mothers and relatives of the detainees, who were arrested by the Army of Islam led by Zahran Alloush, was organised to demand their liberation.[7]
On February 6, 2015, a mass demonstration in the neighbourhood of Sheikh Maqsoud, in Aleppo occurred with the original slogans of the revolution raised such as “the Syrian people are one” and “Freedom and Dignity”. In an interview made during the demonstration, a protester said that this protest shows the unity of the Syrian people, the living together, Arabs and Kurds.[8]
In mid January 2015, groups of civilian activists in the “liberated” territories of Aleppo published a statement, signed on behalf of “revolutionaries of the liberated city of Aleppo”, in which they announced a strike to protest the kidnapping of some medical doctors by members of Jabhat Al Nusra. The statement addressed the bodies of medical and civic councils operating in Aleppo, inviting them to “assume their humanitarian responsibilities, and to maintain the security of the medical staff.”
According to the statement, the medical doctors in Aleppo oppose the kidnapping, by Jabhat Al Nusra, and called for a “general and global strike in all the hospitals and medical centers in the liberated territories of Aleppo”.[9]
On the first year of 2015, a demonstration in the neighbourhood of al Wa'er, in the city of Homs, which was reoccupied in May 2014, was organised against the Assad regime and security forces.
Every democrat and progressists must lend its support to these popular organisations and activists that sustain the initial objectives of the revolution (democracy, social justice and equality) against the actors of the counter revolutions represented by the Assad regime and Islamic fundamentalist forces.
[1] https://syriafreedomforever.wordpress.com/2015/03/15/في-الذكرى-الرابعة-لانطلاق-الثورة-السو/ ; https://syriafreedomforever.wordpress.com/2015/03/13/في-الذكرى-الرابعة-للثورة-السورية-في-2015-إ/ ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h61D0V8ddw&feature=youtu.be
[2] https://syriafreedomforever.wordpress.com/2015/03/13/في-الذكرى-الرابعة-للثورة-السورية-في-2015-إ/
[3]https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.1066272616722508.1073741869.501556649860777&type=1&pnref=story
[4]https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.1050373108312459.1073741867.501556649860777&type=1
[5] https://syriafreedomforever.wordpress.com/the-revolution-in-pictures-2-2-الثورة-في-صور/
[6] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUtvi7oCgOo and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1vM4nMtnh4
[7] https://syriafreedomforever.wordpress.com/2015/02/28/saqba-demonstration-of-the-mothers-and-relatives-of-the-detainees-who-were-arrested-by-the-army-of-islam-led-by-zahran-alloush-and-demanding-their-liberation-سقبا-27-02-2015/
[8] https://syriafreedomforever.wordpress.com/2015/02/10/مظاهرة-حاشدة-في-حي-الشيخ-مقصود-شرقي،-حل/
[9] https://syriafreedomforever.wordpress.com/2015/01/17/revolutionaries-of-the-liberated-territories-of-aleppo-general-strike-to-protest-against-the-kidnappings-of-medical-doctors-by-jabhat-al-nusra/
Advertisements
Sentinelrv
Offline
Activity: 533
Merit: 252
Sr. MemberActivity: 533Merit: 252 1st Round Voting for PPC Logo Contest - Vote for your 6 Favorite Designers July 04, 2013, 01:34:49 AM
Last edit: July 06, 2013, 09:38:43 PM by Sentinelrv #1
4 - PhatCowDesigns
4 - Anamulmasum
4 - Akaki
Here is what we're going to do. You'll all have a second chance to vote here. Out of the three names listed above, you can only vote for two of them, since I only have two more slots to fill. I will give you guys until sometime tonight to vote. If there are no more votes, I'll decide it myself.
------------------------------
The qualifying round is now over in the Peercoin logo design contest. Before we can move to the final round, we'll need to select six designers to move on in the contest. Please read the following voting restrictions before posting in this thread. Voting will last about 2-3 days depending upon participation, so vote now and get it out of the way.
Click Here to View Contest Entries
Voting Restrictions :
- You must have joined Bitcointalk at least one week ago.
- You must have at least 20 posts.
A Note on the Logo's Theme : Before anyone complains about the logos that were submitted in the contest, we all agreed upon a set of rules before starting this. For the theme of the logo, we honored what Sunny King (Developer of PPC) wanted to see. Sunny King wanted the theme to be Gold + eco-friendly. Below is rule #4 in the contest. It explains what we were looking for in the logo...
Quote from: Sentinelrv on July 04, 2013, 01:35:26 AM "Rule #4: Gold + eco-friendly. That sums up what we're looking for. The design needs to convey somehow that Peercoin is environmentally friendly. The primary color also needs to be gold. Silver and bronze coin designs will not be accepted. Other colors can be mixed into the design, but the coin must primarily be gold. So to be clear, either the coin needs to be all gold, or primarily gold with some other colors mixed in and it also needs to convey eco-friendliness."
Copy & Paste Voting Format :
Select up to six designers to move onto the final round:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
(Note: You can vote for less than six if you want to.)
What are the submission numbers of your favorite designs so far?
1.
2.
3.
(Note: Add more if you want. Not counted in voting. Only a guage of interest.)
Please add any comments, feedback or suggestions here: The main voting is now over and the votes have been counted and posted further into this thread. It seems we're going to go into overtime though. Three designers are competing at 4 votes each for slots 5 and 6...4 - PhatCowDesigns4 - Anamulmasum4 - AkakiHere is what we're going to do. You'll all have a second chance to vote here. Out of the three names listed above, you can only vote for two of them, since I only have two more slots to fill. I will give you guys until sometime tonight to vote. If there are no more votes, I'll decide it myself.------------------------------The qualifying round is now over in the Peercoin logo design contest. Before we can move to the final round, we'll need to select six designers to move on in the contest. Please read the following voting restrictions before posting in this thread. Voting will last about 2-3 days depending upon participation, so vote now and get it out of the way.You must have joined Bitcointalk at least one week ago.You must have at least 20 posts.Before anyone complains about the logos that were submitted in the contest, we all agreed upon a set of rules before starting this. For the theme of the logo, we honored what Sunny King (Developer of PPC) wanted to see. Sunny King wanted the theme to be Gold + eco-friendly. Below is rule #4 in the contest. It explains what we were looking for in the logo...Select up to six designers to move onto the final round:1.2.3.4.5.6.(Note: You can vote for less than six if you want to.)What are the submission numbers of your favorite designs so far?1.2.3.(Note: Add more if you want. Not counted in voting. Only a guage of interest.)Please add any comments, feedback or suggestions here:
San Francisco police officers sent dozens of racist and homophobic text messages in the past several months, even as another group of officers was being investigated by prosecutors for having traded similar messages, the city's district attorney said Thursday.
The disclosure of the new round of text messages, which includes derogatory references to blacks, Asians, lesbians, gays and transgender people, comes as the Police Department is under federal investigation after complaints that some officers routinely behave in a racially biased manner.
Along with dozens of other police departments around the nation, the San Francisco police — who work in one of the nation's most culturally diverse cities — have come under scrutiny during the past year.
Officers have been accused of using unnecessary deadly force and brutality, and of focusing enforcement efforts on black neighborhoods while ignoring similar infractions elsewhere. Police critics, including many among the city's dwindling black population, have held protests and called for the resignation of the police chief, Gregory P. Suhr.
Police believe they've found the remains of an Alaska family of four that had been missing since Memorial Day weekend last year.
Clothing and human remains were spotted on the western edge of Kenai, south of Anchorage, on Saturday night, according to the Alaska Dispatch News. Police said a "very preliminary" investigation suggests that the remains belong to Rebecca Adams, 23, her daughters Jaracca Hundley, 3, and Michelle Hundley, 6, and Adams' boyfriend, 38-year-old Brandon Jividen.
The family -- along with their dog -- vanished last May from their apartment in the Kenai Peninsula town of 7,000, sparking one of the largest search efforts the Peninsula has ever seen.
It wasn't immediately clear whether foul play was suspected, and police wouldn't comment further pending a press conference at Kenai City Hall on Monday, according to the New York Daily News.
One of Rebecca Adams' family members told the Dispatch News that he was grieving after hearing the news.
"You have a shred of hope that they will be found,” her uncle Dennis Giffords said. “And that shred has been taken away."
The family had still been posting missing fliers online as late as February.
Avast, me hearties! When a swashbucklin' pirate sights land whilst sailin' uncharted waters, the first thing he is doin' is makin' a map. Ye can't be burying ye treasure if ye don't have a map, yarrr!
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT For everyone's sanity, the pirate speak ends now. Save it for TLAP day!
When searching for booty on a network, it's often useful to have a map. If you've got a foothold during a pentest, for example, how far does your conquered domain stretch? Is it a single-subnet site behind a SOHO router, or a tiny outpost of a corporate empire spanning several countries?
To get the answer, the best thing to do is ask one of the locals. In this case, we're going to try to convince a helpful router to give up the goods and tell us what the network looks like. The control plane within the enterprise's routers contains the routing table, which is essentially a list of destination prefixes (i.e., IP networks) and the next-hop to be used to get there (i.e., which neighbouring router to pass traffic on to in order to reach a destination).
The routing table is populated by a routing protocol (such as BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, etc), which may in turn have many internal tables and data structures of its own. Interior routing protocols (like OSPF) are concerned with finding the “best” route from A to B within the enterprise using a “technical” perspective; they're concerned with automatically finding the “shortest” and “fastest” route, as opposed to exterior routing protocols like BGP which are more interested in implementing human-written traffic forwarding policies between different organisations.
The key word above automatic. Interior routing protocols like to discover new neighbouring routers without intervention – it can therefore cater for failed routers that come back online, and allow the network to grow and have the “best” paths recomputed automatically.
So, how are we going to get our treasure map so that we know how far we can explore? We're going to call in Cap'n Quagga!
Quagga is a software implementation of a handful of routing protocols. We're going to use it to convince the local router that we're a new member of the pirate fleet, upon which the router will form a neighbour relationship with us. After this has happened we'll end up with our pirate treasure map, namely the enterprise's routing table. Finally, we'll look at ways in which the corporate privateers can detect Cap'n Quagga, and ways to prevent his buckle from swashing in the first place.
For the purposes of this article we're going to use OSPF, but the principles hold for other protocols too. OSPF is quite a beast, and full discussion of the protocol is well beyond the scope of this article – interested parties should pick up a book.
Step One – Installing and configuring Quagga
I'm using Debian, so ‘apt-get install quagga' will do the job quite nicely. Once installed, we need to tweak a few files:
/etc/quagga/daemons
This file controls which routing protocols will run. We're interested only in OSPF for this example, so we can edit it as follows:
zebra=yes
bgpd=no
ospfd=yes
ospf6d=no
ripd=no
ripngd=no
As shown above, we need to turn on the zebra daemon too – ospfd can't stand alone.
Next, we need to set up some basic config files for zebra and ospfd:
/etc/quagga/zebra.conf
hostname pentest-zebra
password quagga
enable password quagga
/etc/quagga/ospfd.conf
hostname pentest
password quagga
enable password quagga
log stdout
Now we can force a restart of Quagga with ‘/etc/init.d/quagga restart'.
For more information, the Quagga documentation is here, the wiki is here, and there's a great tutorial here.
Step Two – Climb the rigging to the crow's nest and get out ye spyglass
We need to work out if there's a router on the local subnet that's running OSPF. This step is straightforward, as OSPF sends out multicast “Hello” packets by default every ten seconds – all we have to do is listen for it. As far as capturing this traffic goes, it has a few distinguishing features:
The destination IP address is 224.0.0.5, the reserved AllSPFRouters multicast address
The IP datagrams have a TTL of one, ensuring that the multicast scope is link local only
OSPF does not ride inside TCP or UDP – it has its own IP Protocol number, 89.
The easiest capture filter for tshark/tethereal or their GUI equivalents is simply “ip proto 89”; this will capture OSPF hellos in short order:
Apart from confirming the presence of a local OSPF router, this information is critical in establishing the next step on our journey to plunderville – we need Quagga's simulated router to form a special kind of neighbour relationship with the real router called an “adjacency”. Only once an adjacency has formed will rout information be exchanged. Fortunately, everything we need to know is in the hello packet:
For a text only environment, “tshark -i eth0 -f ‘ip proto 89' -V” provides similar output.
Step Three – configure Quagga's OSPF daemon
For an adjacency to form (which will allow the exchange of LSAs, which will allow us to populate the OSPF database, which will allow us to run the SPF algorithm, which will allow us to populate the local IP routing table…), we need to configure Quagga so that all of the highlighted parameters above match. The command syntax is very Cisco-esque, and supports context sensitive help, abbreviated commands and tab completion. I'm showing the full commands here, but you can abbreviate as necessary:
# telnet localhost ospfd
Trying 127.0.0.1…
Connected to localhost.
Escape character is ‘^]'.
Hello, this is Quagga (version 0.99.17).
Copyright 1996-2005 Kunihiro Ishiguro, et al.
User Access Verification
Password:
pentest> enable
Password:
pentest# configure terminal
pentest(config)# interface eth0
! Make the hello and dead intervals match what we've captured
pentest(config-if)# ospf hello-interval 10
pentest(config-if)# ospf dead-interval 40
pentest(config-if)# exit
pentest(config)# router ospf
! eth0 on this machine was given 192.168.88.49 by DHCP
! The command below will put any interfaces in
! 192.168.88.0/24 into area 0.0.0.4, effectively
! therefore “turning on” OSPF on eth0
! The area id can be specified as an integer (4) or
! as a dotted quad (0.0.0.4)
pentest(config-router)# network 192.168.88.0/24 area 0.0.0.4
pentest(config-router)# exit
pentest(config)# exit
We can check our work by looking at the running-config:
pentest# show running-config
Current configuration:
!
hostname pentest
password quagga
enable password quagga
log stdout
!
!
!
interface eth0
!
interface lo
!
router ospf
network 192.168.88.0/24 area 0.0.0.4
!
line vty
!
end
The Hello and Dead intervals of 10 and 40 are the defaults, which is why they don't show in the running-config under ‘interface eth0'.
Step Four – Start diggin', matey!
With a bit of luck, we'll have formed an OSPF adjacency with the local router:
pentest# show ip ospf neighbor
Neighbor ID Pri State Dead Time Address Interface
172.16.7.6 1 Full/DR 32.051s 192.168.88.1 eth0:192.168.88.49
If we exit from Quagga's OSPF daemon and connect to zebra instead, we can look at our shiny new routing table. Routes learned via OSPF are prefixed with O:
# telnet localhost zebra
Trying 127.0.0.1…
Connected to localhost.
Escape character is ‘^]'.
Hello, this is Quagga (version 0.99.17).
Copyright 1996-2005 Kunihiro Ishiguro, et al.
User Access Verification
Password:
pentest-zebra> show ip route
Codes: K – kernel route, C – connected, S – static, R – RIP, O – OSPF,
I – ISIS, B – BGP, > – selected route, * – FIB route
O 0.0.0.0/0 [110/1] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:45
K>* 0.0.0.0/0 via 192.168.88.1, eth0
O>* 10.4.0.0/26 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 10.4.0.64/26 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 10.4.0.128/26 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 10.4.0.192/26 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 10.4.2.0/26 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 10.4.3.0/26 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.6.0/30 [110/15] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.6.4/30 [110/16] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.6.8/30 [110/11] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.6.12/30 [110/110] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.7.1/32 [110/12] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.7.2/32 [110/13] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.7.3/32 [110/16] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.7.4/32 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
O>* 172.16.7.5/32 [110/1012] via 192.168.88.1, eth0, 00:04:46
We clearly are not just sitting on a single-subnet LAN! Here are some of the things we can learn from the routing table:
Firstly, we've got a few more subnets than merely the local one to enumerate with nmap etc!
We can make some kind of estimation on how far away the subnets are by looking at the route metrics. An example above is the ‘1012' part of ‘[110/1012]'. 1012 is the metric for the route, with the precise meaning of “metric” varying from routing protocol to routing protocol. In the case of OSPF, by default this is the sum of the interface costs between here and the destination, where the interface cost is derived from the interface's speed. The 110 part denotes the OSPF protocol's “administrative distance“, which is a measure of trustworthiness of a route offered for inclusion in the routing table by a given routing protocol. If two protocols offer the routing table exactly the same prefix (10.4.3.0/26, for example), the routing protocol with the lowest AD will “win”.
A good number of these routes have a prefix length of /26 (i.e., a subnet mask of 255.255.255.192), meaning that they represent 64 IP addresses. These are likely to be host subnets with new victims on them.
The /30 routes (4 IP addresses) are likely to be point-to-point links between routers or even WAN or VPN links between sites.
The /32 routes (just one IP address) are going to be loopback addresses on individual routers. If you want to target infrastructure directly, these are the ones to go for.
If you want to start digging really deeply, you can look at the OSPF database (show ip ospf database), but that's waaay out of scope for now.
Step Five – Prepare a broadside!
If we've got to this point, we are in a position not only to conduct reconnaissance, but we could also start injecting routes into their routing table or manipulate the prefixes already present in an effort to redirect traffic to us (or to a blackhole). Originating a default route is always fun, since it will take precedence over legitimate static default routes that have been redistributed into OSPF (redistributed routes are “External” in OSPF terminology, and are less preferable to “internal” routes such as our fraudulent default). If we had a working default route of our own, this approach could potentially redirect Internet traffic for the entire enterprise through our Quagga node where we can capture it. Either that or you'll bring the network to a screaming halt.
Anyway, it's all moot, since we're nice pirates and would never consider doing anything like that!
Privateers off the starboard bow, Cap'n!
How can we detect such naughtiness, and even better, prevent it?
The first step is to use the OSPF command ‘log-adjacency-changes' on all the enterprise's OSPF routers. This will leave log messages like this:
Nov 23 15:11:24.666 UTC: %OSPF-5-ADJCHG: Process 2, Nbr 192.168.88.49 on Gi­gabitEthernet0/0.2 from LOADING to FULL, Loading Done
Keeping track of adjacency changes is an excellent idea – it's a metric of the stability of the network, and also offers clues when rogue devices form adjacencies.
Stopping rogue adjacencies altogether can be accomplished in two ways. The first is to make OSPF interfaces on host-only subnets “passive“, which permits them to participate in OSPF without allowing adjacencies to form.
The second method is to use OSPF authentication, whereby a hash of a preshared key is required before an adjacency can be established. Either method is strongly recommended!
As always, keep yer eyes to the horizon, mateys! 🙂
Alec Waters is responsible for all things security at Dataline Software, and can be emailed at alec.waters@dataline.co.uk
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Google
Facebook
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Even though Zootopia and London Has Fallen took in more money this weekend than Deadpool, it entered into the Top 50 highest grossing movies of all time in North America this last Saturday. This weekend was the first time in 4 weeks that Deadpool was not No. 1.
The film is sitting at #48 after it broke $300 million yesterday. Deadpool has outdone films like Return of The Jedi, Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones, Independence Day and many others. It has also earned $100 million more than 300 did--which was the highest grossing R-Rated comic book movie adaptation. It's also just $60 million shy of overtaking American Sniper and Passion of The Christ to become the highest grossing R-rated movie of all time.
The movie is expected to rake in another $16.4 million by the end of the weekend, bringing its total domestic gross to $311.16 million.
Worldwide, however, it sits at 85th all time with its $673.2 million total gross.
Fox has already given a sequel the greenlight, which is expected to fill one of 2 X-Men related spots over the next 2 years. Deadpool 2 is expected January 18, 2018. Gambit takes the 2017 spot.
1. Don't derail a discussion. Even if it makes you personally uncomfortable to discuss X issue…it's really not about you or your comfort. It's about X issue, and you are absolutely free to not engage rather than try to keep other people from continuing their conversation.
2. Do read links/books referenced in discussions. Again, even if the things being said make you uncomfortable, part of being a good ally is not looking for someone to provide a 101 class midstream. Do your own heavy lifting.
3. Don't expect your feelings to be a priority in a discussion about X issue. Oftentimes people get off onto the tone argument because their feelings are hurt by the way a message was delivered. If you stand on someone's foot and they tell you to get off? The correct response is not “Ask nicely” when you were in the wrong in the first place.
4. Do shut up and listen. I cannot emphasize enough the importance of listening to the people actually living X experience. There is nothing more obnoxious than someone (however well intentioned) coming into the spaces of a marginalized group and insisting that they absolutely have the solution even though they've never had X experience. You can certainly make suggestions, but don't be surprised if those ideas aren't well received because you've got the wrong end of the stick somewhere.
5. Don't play Oppression Olympics. Really, if you're in the middle of a conversation about racism? Now is not the time to talk about how hard it is to be a white woman and deal with sexism. Being oppressed in one area does not mean you have no privilege in another area. Terms like intersectionality and kyriarchy exist for a reason. Also…that's derailing. Stop it.
6. Do check your privilege. It's hard and often unpleasant, but it's really necessary. And you're going to get things wrong. Because no one is perfect. But part of being an ally is being willing to hear that you're doing it wrong.
7. Don't expect a pass into safe spaces because you call yourself an ally. You're not entitled to access as a result of not being an asshole. Sometimes it just isn't going to be about you or what you think you should happen. Your privilege didn't fall away when you became an ally, and there are intra-community conversations that need to take place away from the gaze of the privileged.
8. Do be willing to stand up to bigots. Even if all you do is tell a friend that the thing they just said about X marginalized group is unacceptable, you're doing some of the actual work of being an ally.
9. Don't treat people like accessories or game tokens. Really, you get no cool points for having a diverse group of friends. Especially when you try to use that as license to act like an asshole.
10. Do keep trying. Fighting bigotry is a war, not a battle and it's generational. So, keep your goals realistic, your spirits up (taking a break to recoup emotional, financial, physical reserves is a-okay), and your heart in the right place. Eventually we'll get it right.
Advertisements
Minister for Employment Michaelia Cash. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen The revelation has undermined the government's attack on Opposition Leader Bill Shorten, who was head of the AWU when it made large donations to the activist group GetUp! The AFP conducted Tuesday's raids on behalf of the government's Registered Organisations Commission. Senator Cash is now facing accusation she misled the Parliament, and Labor is demanding she resign. Asked by Labor MPs whether her possible resignation was discussed during her meeting with Mr Turnbull, Senator Cash repeatedly refused to say. "I will not be going into the ins and outs of the discussions I had with the Prime Minister," she said.
Asked directly whether she had considered resigning over the furore, she said: "No, I have not." Thursday morning's meeting was the second Senator Cash has had with Mr Turnbull about the matter. The other took place before question time on Wednesday, when she assured him she personally had not leaked any information to the media. Mr De Garis was in that meeting but did not admit his media dealings until hours later. It is not known where Mr De Garis got the information about the raids. Senator Cash says she asked him about it but he declined to tell her. Senator Cash will press him further during a meeting scheduled for Thursday afternoon. On Thursday morning, Senator Cash told the committee she had written to the Registered Organisations Commission asking what it was doing to investigate a possible breach. "I note that, as minister, I do not have the power to direct you in relation to such a matter. However, one course of action which I would ask you to consider is referring the matter to the Australian Federal Police," she said.
The Commission said it would have further internal discussions before deciding how to proceed, or whether to call in the AFP. It also emerged during the hearing that the media adviser for the Fair Work Ombudsman – who also does work for the Commission – knew about the raids three hours before journalists started being tipped off. The adviser used to work with Senator Cash's junior media adviser in the office of former Victorian MP Denis Napthine. Labor senator Murray Watt asked if Senator Cash could categorically rule out whether any other member of her staff knew about the raids or the leaks. "To the best of my knowledge, yes," she said.
Labor frontbencher Tony Burke said the investigation into the AWU's donations to GetUp! a decade ago had begun as an attempt to smear Opposition Leader Bill Shorten and it had "blown up" in the Turnbull government's face. "There are two things that are clear from the new evidence that has come out. The first is that Michaelia Cash does have to go, and the second is that the Prime Minister is up to his neck in this," Mr Burke told the ABC. "In terms of what Michaelia Cash is now asking us to believe, we are meant to believe that her staff watched her give false information to the Senate on five separate occasions." Labor's employment spokesman Brendan O'Connor said it "beggars belief she did not know of the role of her office in tipping off the media". But senior Coalition colleagues have defended Senator Cash, insisting she did not need to resign.
Leader of the House Christopher Pyne said: "The reality is Michaelia Cash told the Senate the truth and as soon as she found out she had been misled, she corrected the record." Social Services Minister Christian Porter said his fellow Western Australian MP was a "truthful person and clearly a member of her staff has done something very serious and very seriously wrong". Loading Labor wants the committee to reconvene on Friday morning. Follow us on Facebook
Advocates for medicinal marijuana look to Texas next for legalization Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Catherine Carriker (KXAN Photo) Advocates for medicinal marijuana look to Texas next for legalization Catherine Carriker (KXAN Photo) prev next
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- After four states voted in favor Tuesday of legalizing marijuana for medicinal use and with only two months remaining until Texas lawmakers return to the capitol for the next legislative session, advocates for the drug tell KXAN that medical marijuana could soon be legalized.
"The election results on Tuesday were monumental for this country. Prohibition policies have failed and we're seeing the people of America wanting more sensible policies enacted and that's what they've done," said Heather Fazio, the Texas political director for the Marijuana Policy Project. "We have work to do in Texas. There are a lot of conversations that need to be had."
In June 2015, the Texas legislature passed the Compassionate Use Act and Gov. Greg Abbott signed it into law. The bill allows patients diagnosed with intractable epilepsy to access low THC cannabis oil. This action made Texas the 16th state to allow access to limit medical use of marijuana-derived oils. The Texas Department of Public Safety is regulating the program and must license three dispensing organizations by Sept. 1, 2017.
"Next fall we expect to see dispensaries in the state of Texas and medical cannabis being used by what we hope to be a more inclusive program with patients with debilitating positions in addition to intractable epilepsy," added Fazio.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Catherine Carriker was only 3 years old when she experienced her first seizure. (Family Photo)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Catherine Carriker was only 3 years old when she experienced her first seizure. (Family Photo)
For Terri Carriker, the legislation has allowed her daughter, Catherine, who has the condition, to experience some relief.
"Within a month, her seizure activity had reduced dramatically," said Carriker. "She gained language, cognitively, she was bright and involved. She wasn't sleeping all day. We had probably three or four nights a week with no seizures at all."
Catherine, was three and a half when she experienced her first seizure. "They intubated her, she stopped breathing, and the roller coaster started."
Catherine, now 14, endures seizures nearly every single night. It's been that way, her mother says, for the past 11 years.
"To go from watching your daughter suffer like we have, to have tried every intervention that we've tried... There are no other surgeries. There are no other devices. There are diets, medications, we've done everything," said Carriker.
Medicinal marijuana, Carriker said, made a significant, life-changing impact.
Although the Carriker family has already seen the difference in their daughter, they say the fight isn't over. The law in Texas applies only to epilepsy patients, not to those who suffer from other medical conditions.
"Doctors need to have this in their toolbag to help kids like Catherine that can benefit, and they need the ability to make the choice about what's going to benefit their patients, rather than having non-medically trained lawmakers doing that."
Carriker also says she wants medicinal marijuana legislation passed in Texas, on a larger scale, for safety reasons. "We want legal use here so that it can be consistent product, lab-tested, so we have doctors who can help us."
ATLANTA - Imagine having the feeling that tiny bugs are crawling on your body, that you have oozing sores and mysterious fibers sprouting from your skin. Sound like a horror movie? Well, at one point several years ago, government doctors were getting up to 20 calls a day from people saying they had such symptoms.
Many of these people were in California and one of that state's U.S. senators, Dianne Feinstein, asked for a scientific study. In 2008, federal health officials began to study people saying they were affected by this freakish condition called Morgellons.
The study cost nearly $600,000. Its long-awaited results, released Wednesday, conclude that Morgellons exists only in the patients' minds.
"We found no infectious cause," said Mark Eberhard, a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention official who was part of the 15-member study team.
The study appears in PLoS One, one of the Public Library of Science journals.
Sufferers of Morgellons describe a variety of symptoms, including fatigue, erupting sores, crawling sensations on their skin and  perhaps worst of all  mysterious red, blue or black fibers that sprout from their skin. Some say they've suffered for decades, but the syndrome wasn't named until 2002, when "Morgellons" was chosen from a 1674 medical paper describing similar symptoms.
Afflicted patients have documented their suffering on websites and many have vainly searched for a doctor who believed them. Some doctors believe the condition is a form of delusional parasitosis, a psychosis in which people believe they are infected with parasites.
Last May, Mayo Clinic researchers published a study of 108 Morgellons patients and found none of them suffered from any unusual physical ailment. The study concluded that the sores on many of them were caused by their own scratching and picking at their skin.
The CDC study was meant to be broader, starting with a large population and then went looking for cases within the group. The intent was to give scientists a better idea of how common Morgellons actually is.
They focused on more than 3 million people who lived in 13 counties in Northern California, a location chosen in part because all had health insurance through Kaiser Permanente of Northern California, which had a research arm that could assist in the project. Also, many of the anecdotal reports of Morgellons came from the area.
Culling through Kaiser patient records from July 2006 through June 2008, the team found  and was able to reach  115 who had what sounded like Morgellons. Most were middle-aged white women. They were not clustered in any one spot.
That led to the finding that Morgellons occurred in roughly 4 out of every 100,000 Kaiser enrollees. "So it's rare," Eberhard said.
Roughly 100 agreed to at least answer survey questions, and about 40 consented to a battery of physical and psychological tests that stretched over several days.
Blood and urine tests and skin biopsies checked for dozens of infectious diseases, including fungus and bacteria that could cause some of the symptoms. The researchers found none that would explain the cases.
There was no sign of an environmental cause, either, although researchers did not go to each person's house to look around.
They took fibers from 12 people, which were tested at the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology. Nothing unusual there, either. Cotton and nylon, mainly  not some kind of organism wriggling out of a patient's body.
Skin lesions were common, but researchers concluded most of them were from scratching.
What stood out was how the patients did on the psychological exams. Though normal in most respects, they had more depression than the general public and were more obsessive about physical ailments, the study found.
However, they did not have an unusual history of psychiatric problems, according to their medical records. And the testing gave no clear indication of a delusional disorder.
So what do they have? The researchers don't know. They don't even know what to call it, opting for the label "unexplained dermopathy" in their paper.
But clearly, something made them miserable. "The absence of evidence is not evidence of absence," said Felicia Goldstein, an Emory University neurology professor and study co-author.
She said perhaps the patients could be helped by cognitive behavioral therapy that might help them deal with possible contributing psychological issues.
The study is not expected to be the last word on the subject.
Among those with additional questions is Randy Wymore, an Oklahoma State University pharmacologist who for years was the most reputable scientist to look into it and who has concluded Morgellons is not a psychiatric disorder.
On Wednesday, Wymore said he had not seen the CDC paper and was unable to comment on it. But when the study began, he questioned whether Kaiser patients with Morgellons would participate, especially if they were unhappy with how they were previously handled by their Kaiser doctors.
"There is always the question: How many of the study participants actually have Morgellons Disease?" he said, in an email.
The CDC is not planning additional study, however. The agency's expertise is in infectious diseases and environmental health problems, and the researchers saw no evidence of that.
"We're not mental health experts," one CDC spokeswoman said.
Anisah, 10, left, and Amaarah Abdur-Rahman, 8, attend a Girl Scout troop interest meeting at Prince George's Muslim Association in Lanham. Muneera Fontaine and her daughter, Tahjiani Jones, 6, listen at the rear. Anisah, Amaarah, Muneera and Tahjiani were all born in the United States and are exploring their Muslim identity.
April 27, 2013 Anisah, 10, left, and Amaarah Abdur-Rahman, 8, attend a Girl Scout troop interest meeting at Prince George's Muslim Association in Lanham. Muneera Fontaine and her daughter, Tahjiani Jones, 6, listen at the rear. Anisah, Amaarah, Muneera and Tahjiani were all born in the United States and are exploring their Muslim identity. Amanda Voisard/For The Washington Post
A broad infrastructure of youth imams, sports leagues, scouting groups and other forums have sprung up to assist young Muslims in their quest for identity in the United States.
A broad infrastructure of youth imams, sports leagues, scouting groups and other forums have sprung up to assist young Muslims in their quest for identity in the United States.
A broad infrastructure of youth imams, sports leagues, scouting groups and other forums have sprung up to assist young Muslims in their quest for identity in the United States.
In 2001, Sami Elzaharna was a 14-year-old in Saudi Arabia and not very engaged in Islam. Four years later, he moved to Maryland and was immediately hit by a wave of questions about his identity and beliefs.
After hearing so much criticism of U.S. foreign policy, what was he to make of U.S. flags flying in front of mosques? How could he balance his affection for American culture with the stereotyping of Islam he saw all over the television news? Were the rituals and clothing he grew up with actually more cultural than religious? What did he really believe, or even know, about Islam?
“I was playing catch-up. People who come here young are playing catch-up in terms of exploring who they are . . . how they'll bring together where they were and where they are now,” said Elzaharna, 26, now a married software developer and very observant Muslim.
In its turn toward radicalization and violence, the story of the Muslim brothers accused in the Boston bombings was an aberration. But its broad theme of immigration followed by a complex search for identity in post-Sept. 11 America echoes a process familiar to many young Muslims.
These newcomers must simultaneously navigate moving to another country, growing up and determining what Islam means in a culture in which it has become a heated topic everywhere from presidential debates to late-night talk shows. Fortunately, the attacks of 2001 also gave birth to a broad infrastructure of youth imams, sports leagues, scouting groups and other forums to assist Muslim youths in their quest for identity.
Some of these young Muslims come from homelands where Islam was more about culture and are startled to be asked to define their theological beliefs. Some feel their entire identity is being shaped by anti-Muslim rhetoric, while others struggle to make sense of the narrative that Muslims are under siege while what they see are Muslim immigrants around them thriving. Responses vary, too, from becoming more traditionally observant to helping to build a more secular Islamic scene focused on such issues as human rights advocacy.
Where will it all lead? That's open to debate. There are experts on Muslim youths who believe America is en route to a pluralistic, accepting brand of Islam. Others point to data indicating that young Muslims — immigrant and U.S.-born — are far more likely than other age groups to see their faith as in conflict with modern life.
Muslims in Russia warned Dina Abkairova before she came to Boston, in 2004: Don't say you're a Muslim. But when she arrived at age 22, Abkairova found many Americans curious and friendly. She also felt judged by some fellow Muslims, who criticized her for not praying enough.
“I started questioning if I had the right to call myself a Muslim,” she said.
Then she connected with a group of more progressive Muslims. Their attitude was that “you're Muslim if you say you're Muslim. . . . What really matters is to be open-minded and open-minded to other people's choices. That really helped me to take a breath and say, ‘Phew, okay, I'm normal.' ”
Edina Skaljic came to Boston in 2000 as a 15-year-old refugee from Bosnia, where many Muslims were displaced or killed during the conflicts after the breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s. Before 9/11, Skaljic was relieved to be in a peaceful environment for the first time in her life.
But the day after the attacks, a “white American” appeared in front of her locker at school.
“ ‘Edina, are you going to kill me? Aren't you from Bosnia, and isn't that next to Afghanistan?' ” she recalls the other girl saying. “I came nine months prior from a genocide, and now people were treating me like a criminal.”
Akbar Ahmed, a professor of Islamic studies at American University who recently wrote a book on American Muslim identity, said that many young Muslim immigrants are transformed by religious freedom in the United States after leaving more monolithic communities where the practice of religion is more constrained.
“Because they're in a free society, they're able to . . . go to the Koran itself or pick up the actual text,” enabling them to shape their own beliefs, he said.
It is common to hear Muslim immigrants — and Muslim Americans generally — say that the post-Sept. 11 spotlight and being asked, or challenged, about their faith has made them more devout. There's been a spike, for example, in women and girls wearing the hijab, or head covering. For others, the search for identity has played out in a more secular way, with the creation of soccer leagues or weekly Bollywood-watching parties.
Raza Najamuddin immigrated from India at age 12 and did not become religious until a kind of spiritual awakening in the 2000s.
“I remember watching the twin towers fall over and over, and then the invasion of Iraq. I felt like the world was ending,” said Najamuddin, 31, a government patent examiner who lives in Alexandria. “I just had to affirm my own life and religion and get more involved in the community. I wanted people to know that Islam is different from what people here were saying.”
Ali Salar Khawaja was 10 when he moved in 1993 with his family from Pakistan to Ashburn. While growing up there, then when he attended Penn State University and now that he's back in the area as a newlywed, he's never experienced a moment of discrimination, Khawaja said. For him, the post-Sept. 11 climate led first to more reading and questions and now to more observance. It also led to more conversations with non-Muslim friends that deepened their appreciation of “true Islam,” he said.
But he worries about how the public discussions that younger Muslims hear about their faith will affect their self-images.
Those concerns led him to become active with youth in his mosque, the Dulles Area Muslim Society in Sterling. The alleged involvement of someone claiming Islam as a motivator for the Boston attacks was a blow to them, he said.
“They're frustrated. We move two steps forward, and then we move back,” Khawaja said. “For them, it's so unfortunate. Maybe they're feeling pressure, they're different.”
Makhdoom Zia launched a group in Northern Virginia called MakeSpace for young Muslims who may not feel connected at mosques. Zia, 36, remembers coming from Afghanistan in 1998 and feeling “positive cultural shock” at people of all walks of life praying in public, a strong justice system and more opportunities to make money.
“I became more open-minded. Now I see more validity in different views [about Islam]. Islam is not science or math, where things are black and white,” said Zia.
Last Friday, Zia led midday worship at an Alexandria restaurant. He opened by slamming the media for exaggerating the scope of Muslim radicalization but quickly added that youths are harmed by Muslims who deny that there is any problem.
“What hurts youth especially are these conspiracy theories that tell them these weren't Muslims [involved in Boston], that the attacks didn't happen. It's a nice excuse for us not to do anything,” he told the group at Duniya restaurant. “But we should move beyond that [to] a community that is service-oriented. That's what Islam is — it's mercy, it's compassion. We have to do more.”
Elzaharna also works with newcomers as youth director at the Prince George's Muslim Association, a mosque in Lanham, where many members are immigrants from Africa. He tries to help them sort through the wide range of Islamic practices they now see as well as deal with the larger, secular culture.
He calls on the words of an imam who helped him begin to reconcile the different parts of his own identity.
“He said: ‘Islam comes to polish a culture, it doesn't come to annihilate it,' ” said Elzaharna.
Pamela Constable contributed to this report.
"We are a history book come alive,” says my city guide, Bojana Jagarinec. “We are music, architecture and art… and bugs. Ah, so many delightful bugs.” Before I can inquire whether something was lost in translation, Bojana asks a couple beside me where they are from and smiles. “You are the first Canadians I have ever seen in Varazdin!”
Surprising words coming from a professional guide, but not completely unexpected given Varazdin's status as one of the best-kept secrets in Croatia . Though travellers visiting Zagreb do occasionally take a day trip to the city of 40,000 (Varazdin is only 80km from the Croatian capital), for the most part, the city remains untouched by mass tourism.
Which is surprising given what the city has to offer: quaint (and incredibly inexpensive) cafés, unique museums, a majestic medieval castle – and one of Europe's best collections of intact Baroque buildings.
Varazdin – known as “Little Vienna” among Croatians – owes its Baroque bonanza to its position as Croatia's capital from 1756 to 1776. Though its reign was short lived (a fire in 1776 destroyed much of the town and the capital was moved back to Zagreb) during those two decades, religious orders, noble families and wealthy tradesmen brought in some of the country's best architects and painters to construct mansions and palaces.
Though I'm no architecture aficionado, wandering along the cobblestoned, pedestrian-only, historic town square (Trg Kralja Tomislava), it's impossible not to be charmed by the elegantly exuberant, pastel-coloured facades of the baroque buildings that line Varazdin's centre.
A hilltop church in Varazdin
The lack of tourists means the city doesn't have the theme-park-like atmosphere one often experiences in well-trodden historical towns. Most menus are in Croatian only (at one restaurant, the friendly waitress, who could not speak a word of English, took me from table to table pointing at each bemused patron's dish, asking “This? This is very good. You want this?”), and the majority of websites and descriptions at some of the museums are also not in English. This lack of tourist infrastructure is more appealing than annoying – with one notable exception: the Croatian-only signage on most lavatory doors; (NB Muskarc means men, Zene means women.)
What also makes Varazdin attractive is the absence of tourism-inflated prices. Sitting at one of the cafés lining the streets flowing from the town square, I can admire the centuries-old churches, palaces, and residences while nibbling on klipici (a rather grand bun) and sipping on a local vintage for a fifth of what it would cost me in similarly architecturally endowed European cities.
Refreshed, I head to the Sermage Palace, which is home to the Gallery of Old and Modern Masters. The gallery features an impressive collection of Croatian, Dutch and Italian artists in a gorgeous Rococo mansion.
The museum that really captures my imagination is Varazdin's Insect Museum. Housed in a lovely Baroque palace, I doubt insects have ever been treated to such an august resting place. Originally established in 1959 with the donated collection of Franjo Koscec, a local high-school teacher and insect enthusiast, the collection has since grown to showcase more than 4,000 exhibits of some of not only Croatia's, but the planet's, most intriguing (and thankfully deceased) invertebrates. The butterfly collection is especially attractive, though the squeamish might want to give the display on insect bite scars a miss.
As my trip to Varazdin draws to an end, my only regret is not having visited the city during its Baroque festival. As an homage to its historic heritage, every year in late September to early October the city holds the internationally acclaimed Varazdin Baroque Evenings, during which soloists, orchestras and opera singers from around the world gather to fete Baroque music. Performances are held across the city as well as in castles and churches in neighbouring towns.
But I rather like being there without crowds of any kind and wander to take one last look at the star exhibit, the Stari Grad – “old town” – a medieval fortress built in the 14th century that presently houses a cultural collection of Varazdin artefacts dating from the Middle Ages.
Though more about defence than décor, the castle is nothing like the dark and grey constructs of its medieval contemporaries. Stari Grad, is much more whimsical; with its whitewashed exterior and numerous, rotund, red-capped towers it looks like something that fell from the clouds. And I know I am not alone in my admiration when I overhear the young child in front of me whisper to her parents: “This is what I want my castle to look like when I grow up.”
Getting there
Croatian Air (0844 37 0310; croatiaairlines.com) flies to Zagreb from around £250 return; Lufthansa (0871 945 9747; lufthansa.com) flies via France or Germany for around £150 return. From Zagreb a bus to Varazdin takes 90 minutes and costs £12 return; the more scenic (but longer) journey by train costs £9 return. Alternatively hire a car.
Getting around
Varazdin is one of Croatia's most walkable cities, made even easier by the large car-free zone.
The Varazdin Castle
Where to stay
Hotel Turist £
Hotel Turist, a 10-minute walk from the city centre) is the largest and best of the town's three-star hotels (00385 42 395395; hotel-turist.hr; from £90).
Hotel Varazdin ££
Smaller and with fewer facilities, this three-star hotel offers stellar service, a central location and a good restaurant with delicious local specialities and wines (42 290720; hotelvarazdin.com; from £60).
Pansion Maltar £££
A friendly, family-run establishment with small but spotless rooms and tasty breakfasts. Close to the old town (42 311100; maltar.hr; from £50).
Where to eat
Zlatne Ruke £
Housed in the basement of the Chamber of Crafts and Trades (also called the Artisan's Centre), this atmospheric venue offers a range of Varazdin specialities, including goose liver, deer tartar, and minced boar. A meal with wine and dessert is about £25 (42 320650; zlatneruke.com).
Pansion-Restoran Garestin ££
This b & b, close to the city centre, also houses a great restaurant in a lovely trellised courtyard. Garestin features palate-pleasing, affordable food that highlights the region's gastronomic specialities. Excellent grilled meat and fish dishes. About £8 per person (42 214314; gastrocom-ugostiteljstvo.com).
Kolonada £££
Varazdin's version of fast food (with a much nicer atmosphere and sit-down service), Kolonada offers simple Croatian fare such as pancakes, fried cheese with sour cream, and njoki (a Croatian version of gnocchi). Open from 8am to 10pm. Meals from £2 (42 500606; restoran-kolonada.com).
The inside rack
The Varazdin cemetery (Varazdinsko groblje) has grounds containing more than 7,000 species of tree, geometrically-sculpted hedges and large walkways. One of the most beautiful final resting places in Eastern Europe.
Varazdinske Toplice, a small town 12km from Varazdin, is renowned for its hot springs. Try a thermal water treatment at the Hotel Minerva.
For 10 days in August, buskers, musicians, theatre performers and locals in Baroque costume flood the streets for the Spancirfest (“festival of good emotions”).
What should I bring home?
Vineyards in the region (such as Vino Lovrec and Zlatne Gorice Restaurant and Winery) produce excellent white wines which can be bought in Varazdin.
The Krapina-Zagorje county (located between Zagreb and Varazdin) is renowned for its woodwork (listed as an Intangible Cultural Heritage by Unesco), especially its hand-carved wooden toys made from willow, lime, beech and maple wood and sold throughout Varazdin.
Another Unesco Intangible Cultural Heritage item is the decorative gingerbread (licitar) cookie, specifically the heart-shaped biscuits for which Varazdin is famous.
We can now add one more to the list.
At Thursday's White House media briefing, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders bid reporters adieu but then decided she wanted to address one more question: About Trump's health. Toward the end of his speech Wednesday on recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, you see, Trump began slurring and mispronouncing his words.
Watch more!
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Dec. 7 said President Trump will undergo a physical exam early next year. (The White House)
But before she answered (she said Trump's mouth was dry, again), Sanders had a bone to pick. “I know that there were a lot of questions on that,” she began, “frankly, ridiculous questions.”
Yes, because questioning someone's health based upon anecdote is a really bad thing to do — except of course when you're Trump and the person you're talking about is Hillary Clinton.
The Trump campaign in 2016 made a concerted effort to raise questions and stoke insinuations about Clinton's health using exactly this kind of evidence. At one point, it even ran an ad featuring video of Clinton stumbling at a 9/11 memorial and coughing repeatedly, as well as a photo of her getting assistance while walking up some stairs.
“Hillary Clinton doesn't have the fortitude, strength or stamina to lead in our world,” the narrator intoned as dark music played.
The ad built upon conspiracy theories about Clinton's health that dated back months and even years, using the same images and videos that were passed around by Internet users offering their own Clinton diagnoses.
Watch more!
A video released by Republican Donald Trump's presidential campaign Oct. 10 shows footage of rival Hillary Clinton coughing, being helped upstairs and stumbling at a 9/11 memorial. (Donald Trump)
Trump himself never connected the dots so directly, but he did repeatedly question Clinton's stamina. “She's supposed to fight all of these different things, and she can't make it 15 feet to her car? Give me a break,” he said after Clinton stumbled at the 9/11 ceremony, which her campaign blamed on a previously unreleased pneumonia diagnosis.
Trump also tweeted about Clinton's coughing fits.
But while Trump didn't offer specific diagnoses, his campaign did. At one point national spokeswoman Katrina Pierson said Clinton was suffering from a condition called dysphasia.
“What's new are the other reports of the observations of Hillary Clinton's behavior and mannerisms, specifically with what you just showed in those previous clips, as well as her dysphasia, the fact that she's fallen, she has had a concussion,” Pierson told MSNBC.
Dysphasia is a language disorder defined as the “loss of or deficiency in the power to use or understand language as a result of injury to or disease of the brain.” So the parallels to Trump's situation couldn't be more direct. The White House says that merely raising questions about Trump's health isn't okay even though Trump's campaign offered specific diagnoses and insinuations about similar episodes for Clinton.
That's not to say anybody should be speculating too much about Trump's health. Building theories based upon a small fraction of Trump's public remarks is taking things too far. But the White House has opened itself up to this — both through the Trump campaign's conduct on the 2016 campaign trail and Trump's own insufficient disclosures about his health. (We found out earlier this year that Trump's doctor didn't disclose all the medications he was taking, particularly a hair-loss drug, for example.)
As The Fix's Callum Borchers noted last week, White House reporters have been asking for months about when Trump might get a physical, and they haven't gotten answers. Thankfully, Sanders disclosed Thursday that Trump will have a full physical early next year and that the results will be made public.
So if reporters got nothing else from asking about the slurring, at least they got an answer to that question.
Aaron Blake is senior political reporter, writing for The Fix. A Minnesota native, he has also written about politics for the Minneapolis Star Tribune and the Hill newspaper.
Post Recommends
Is there an Olympic Effect on NHL players?
There's been much debate about having NHL players participate in the Olympics. Obviously, shutting down the National Hockey League for nearly a month is not good business. Sure, there's the opportunity to take part in the biggest hockey tournament in the world, but it doesn't translate directly into a return for the NHL clubs.
But what about the players? Does competing in the Olympics have an impact – good or bad – on players returning to finish the NHL season?
Do the Olympians struggle after a tightly-packed tournament schedule, not to mention the additional travel to and from the games?
I took a look back at the 2010 Olympics, pulling stats from the ten leading scorers in the Olympics, the top 20 overall NHL scorers, and the top ten non-Olympian scorers. The short list came to 33 players, with some overlap. (Yes, this is an admittedly small sample size, but these are the highest scorers, who would expect to have the most consistent output and whose variation would have the greatest impact on their respective clubs.)
Overall Impact
Of the top ten NHL scorers, only three posted more points-per-game following the Olympics.
Both Olympians and non-Olympians reviewed averaged 0.96 points per game following the Olympic break. For the non-Olympians, it was a slight drop from 0.97. For the Olympic athletes, though, they fell from a pre-tourney average of 1.07 points per game.
Pre-Olympics Post-Olympics Olympians 1.07 0.96 Non-Olympians 0.97 0.96
Olympians By Country
Team Pre PPG Post PPG Change % Chg CAN 1.07 0.92 -0.15 -14.11% FIN 0.58 0.40 -0.18 -31.11% RUS 1.30 1.03 -0.27 -21.01% SLV 1.05 0.81 -0.24 -22.84% SVK 0.82 0.85 0.02 2.92% SWE 1.28 1.54 0.25 19.73% USA 0.91 0.95 0.04 4.30% Total 1.04 0.96 -0.08 -7.50%
By country, the Canadians' Gold Medal hangover (-14%) and the Russians' disappointing loss (-21%) had the greatest impact. (Numbers for Finland and Slovenia are discounted due to their small sample size.) The US players were buoyed by consistent scoring before and after, as were the Slovaks.
Team Sweden actually improved after the tournament. Were they responding to an unexpectedly-early elimination, or simply refreshed after having some additional time off?
Let's take a look at the individual player impacts.
Skaters
Alexander Ovechkin
The Russians were very disappointed in their performance in the 2010 Olympics. While Alexander Ovechkin averaged a point per game in Vancouver, it wasn't enough to get Team Russia past Canada in the quarterfinals. After four games, his Olympics were over. The Russian superstar took the elimination hard and carried that disappointment back to Washington.
Leading the league in both goals (42) and points (89), Ovechkin was the NHL's hottest player going into the 2010 Olympic break. He'd cooled considerably on his return. His league-best 1.65 points per game dipped to 1.11 – a 33% drop – as he managed just eight goals over the season's final 18 games. (Thankfully, his teammates stepped up, as Mike Knuble also netted eight, with all four lines chipping in to keep the Caps atop the East.)
This was way out of character for Ovechkin, who normally finishes strong.
Pre-Olympics Post-Olympics Change GP G A Pts PPG GP G A Pts PPG Change % Chg 07-08 65 48 35 83 1.28 17 17 12 29 1.71 0.43 33.6% 08-09 62 46 36 82 1.32 17 10 18 28 1.65 0.32 24.5% 09-10 54 42 47 89 1.65 18 8 12 20 1.11 -0.54 -32.6% 10-11 62 24 38 62 1.00 17 8 15 23 1.35 0.35 35.3% 11-12 61 26 23 49 0.80 17 12 4 16 0.94 0.14 17.2% 12-13 39 25 18 43 1.10 9 7 6 13 1.44 0.34 31.0%
His Olympic year was the only time in the past six seasons where Ovechkin's points-per-game dropped over the last portion of the season.
This year, the Russians went in with high expectations. With the Olympics on their home turf, they were expected not only to medal, but to bring home the gold. They didn't make it past the quarterfinals, where they were eliminated by a Finnish team decimated by injuries.
Ovechkin was held scoreless.
“[It's] tough to explain the loss, of course, why [we] scored so little,” said Russian coach Zinetula Bilyaletdinov. “Players who score so many goals for their clubs, like Alex Ovechkin who scored 40 goals for his club, [didn't score]… Right now I cannot explain that.”
The disappointment of this loss is far greater than what this club experienced in Vancouver. Will Ovechkin respond? Or will his scoring plummet as it did in 2010?
Henrik and Daniel Sedin
Sweden, like Russia, lost in the 2010 quarterfinals, losing 4-3 to Slovakia and failing to defend their 2006 Gold Medal. Unlike Ovechkin, the Sedins used their Olympic loss as a way to motivate themselves, finding some inspiration in the five days off between Olympic elimination and their return to the NHL.
They came back on fire, with a nine-game point streak (3-14-17) for Daniel and fourteen points for Henrik (3-11-14) over those same nine games. No one scored more post-Olympic points than either of the Sedins, who combined for 17 goals and 46 assists. Henrik rode that wave to the league's scoring lead, passing Crosby and Ovechkin on his way to claim the Art Ross Trophy.
Sidney Crosby
Crosby was riding high after scoring the golden goal for Team Canada. While nearly all of his Canadian teammates saw their scoring drop, Crosby was reignited. He and the Sedins were the only Olympians among the top 20 scorers who improved on their points-per-game pace post-Olympics. His 1.28 points per game jumped to 1.55 as he posted 31 points over his final 20 games.
Jarome Iginla
Iginla led all Olympic players with five goals in seven games played. He also assisted on Sidney Crosby's Golden Goal in overtime.
When he returned to Calgary, he managed just five in the Flames' remaining 20 games. The Flames were already out of playoff contention at the break, so it's not exactly like there was much to play for.
The San Jose Sharks' Top Line
Joe Thornton (1.21 to 0.82), Patrick Marleau (1.03 to 0.95) and Dany Heatley (1.06 to 0.80)
This trio of linemates were all playing well coming into the Olympics. After bringing home the gold in 2010, they came crashing down to earth. Whether they were physically exhausted or just emotionally spent, they couldn't keep up their pre-Olympic pace. All saw their points-per-game drop, with Thornton taking the biggest hit, scoring 33% less.
Goaltenders
The Top 5 Olympic goaltenders in Vancouver came back, on average, to lower save percentages and higher goals-against averages.
Save Percentage Goals Against Average Pre Post Chg % Chg Pre Post Chg % Chg Miller
(USA) 0.930 0.922 -0.008 -0.90% 2.13 2.29 0.16 7.50% Bryzgalov
(RUS) 0.920 0.923 0.003 0.30% 2.30 2.27 -0.04 -1.50% Vokoun
(CZE) 0.931 0.896 -0.035 -3.80% 2.38 3.17 0.79 33.10% Lundqvist
(SWE) 0.920 0.924 0.004 0.40% 2.31 2.21 -0.1 -4.50% Luongo
(CAN) 0.919 0.893 -0.027 -2.90% 2.25 3.13 0.88 38.90%
Ilya Bryzgalov and Henrik Lundqvist returned with slightly higher stats in 2010. Their teams, Russia and Sweden, respectively, were both eliminated in the quarterfinals. The goaltenders each had nearly a week off – certainly the longest stretch of the season either of these workhorses went without playing – which helped out for the late-season push. Team USA's Ryan Miller saw his numbers slip just slightly in the opposite direction. The big changes came from Tomas Vokoun and gold-medal-winning Canadian netminder Roberto Luongo.
Vokoun's save percentage plummeted from pre-Olympic .931 to a pedestrian .896 while his goals-against soared from 2.38 to 3.17 per game. While the increased Olympic workload and failure to medal may have contributed, a bigger factor was the team to which he returned. The Panthers were well out of playoff contention. It's hard to be motivated when your season's already over.
The biggest surprise came from Roberto Luongo. While the Vancouver Canucks were able to cruise to another Pacific Division title, they did so more on the strength of their offense than on Luongo's work in the crease. After the Olympic break, his .919 save dropped to .893, while his GAA skyrocketed from 2.25 to 3.13. He'd allowed more than three goals just six times over his first 52 games; over his last 16 starts, it happened five times. If it weren't for the Sedins' red-hot scoring run, the Canucks would've had a tough battle to end the year atop the Pacific.
Luongo's not the first goaltender to suffer an Olympic gold medal hangover.
In 2006, the Rangers' Henrik Lundqvist led Sweden to Olympic gold. While his drop-off wasn't as dramatic as Luongo's, he still posted a lower save percentage (.927 to .907) and higher goals-against (2.16 to 2.62). It might not look like much, but it was enough to cause the Rangers to fall down the standings. Leading the Atlantic Division going into the Olympics, the club finished behind the Flyers and Devils, ending up sixth in the Conference.
Lundqvist – Save Percentage Lundqvist – Goals Against Average Pre Post Chg % Chg Pre Post Chg % Chg 05-06 0.927 0.907 -0.02 -2.20% 05-06 2.16 2.62 0.46 21.30% 06-07 0.909 0.94 0.031 3.40% 06-07 2.47 1.71 -0.76 -30.80% 07-08 0.909 0.923 0.014 1.50% 07-08 2.33 1.88 -0.45 -19.30% 08-09 0.913 0.926 0.013 1.40% 08-09 2.49 2.12 -0.37 -14.90% 09-10 0.92 0.924 0.004 0.40% 09-10 2.34 2.12 -0.22 -9.40% 10-11 0.921 0.927 0.006 0.70% 10-11 2.29 2.06 -0.23 -10.00%
(*Non-Olympic years use the last 17 games of the season for calculation purposes as ‘post-break comparable')
While it's not a significant change, you can see that Lundqvist's finishes were stronger in his non-Olympic years.
Luongo also tends to close out the season strong. His 2009 save percentage improved from .917 to .924 over the last 17 games, while his goals-against trimmed down from 2.35 to 2.18. He saw even more improvement in 2011, when he allowed just 1.76 goals per game over the last fifth of the season. That Olympic Gold Medal year, though, saw his performance slip.
Luongo – Save Percentage Luongo – Goals Against Average Pre Post Chg % Chg Pre Post Chg % Chg 08-09 0.917 0.924 0.007 0.80% 08-09 2.35 2.18 -0.17 -7.20% 09-10 0.928 0.902 -0.026 -2.80% 09-10 2.25 2.83 0.58 25.80% 10-11 0.926 0.934 0.008 0.90% 10-11 2.23 1.76 -0.47 -21.10%
Will the Sochi netminders – especially the gold-medal winner – again feel the effects of the midseason tournament as they push for the playoffs?
Teams
Out West, the Sharks and Ducks both had the most Olympians, with eight each. While the Ducks stayed flat, the Sharks dropped.
Five of their eight Olympians were in the gold medal game which likely wore on them. Coming back from the break, they scored less and allowed more. The Sharks saw three players return to lower stats despite winning gold in Vancouver in Thornton, Heatley, and Marleau.
Goaltender Evgeni Nabokov was affected by the Russian team's disappointing performance, as well as his own. The netminder posted a 4.17 GAA and a .853 save percentage in three games at the 2010 Olympics. His post-Olympic numbers (.902 sv, 2.83 GAA) were off from his pre-tournament performance (.928 sv., 2.25 GAA).
For the most part, diversity in representation balanced out the team impacts. With nearly all teams represented at the Olympics, they all felt some sort of impact – some good, others bad. None so significant to eliminate them from playoff contention.
As far as a team-wide Olympic effect, it appears that the culturally-balanced NHL rosters do a good job of offsetting some of the individual impacts.
Gold Medalists and Disappointments
The Olympics take their toll on players, physically and mentally. The ones who seemed most affected were those who had a disappointing tournament – in Vancouver, the Russians – or the Canadians who brought home the gold. After reaching such an emotional high, especially in your home country, it can only be somewhat of a letdown to return to your ‘day job' in the NHL.
What will the 2014 Sochi games bring? Will another devastating disappointment follow Ovechkin and his countrymen back to the NHL? Will a surprise Olympic run by Slovenia give Kings forward Anze Kopitar a late-season boost? Will the gold-medal winning netminder be able to hang on through his Olympic hangover?
We'll have to wait and see. Just don't be surprised when it happens.
Follow Josh on Twitter – @joshsmith29
Stats/Reference:
2010 scoring totals, pre- and post-Olympics, sorted by regular season total:
Costume Construction:Fabric shopping was the biggest battle for this costume, matching the blues in fabric was a big pain. I would find a fabric I like, move it to the cutting table next to another blue only to realize it was purple!The dress is made from a two way stretch silk knit jersey. I made a custom pattern for the dress which has a halter style neckline and side slits up to my waist. The 'arm warmers' are made from a combination to dark blue suede and silk knit jersey. I added details of suede strapping, gold buckets and gold studs for more visual interest (inspired by the Ame-Comi statue). My cape is a modified Simplicity (5794) cape pattern. My favorite fabric to use for capes is a matte satin, I love the weight and the slight shine it has. I heat sealed the bottom of the cape to allow for optimum cape movement. My belt is custom made and resin cast by me. I use Castin Craft for my resin pieces, it stinks to high heaven and takes 3 hours to set... but the pieces come out flawless. The circular pieces are made using a per-existing mold whereas my raven center piece is custom sculpted, molded and cast by me. The belt is painted using Krylon gold metallic spray paint. All the cast belt pieces are mounded on a dark blue pleather belt made by me.Photo by: Murkock [link] ------------
Two men in New York were indicted Wednesday for distributing cocaine to a Long Island doctor who fatally overdosed, but Kiersten Cerveny's friend says the real culprit is a mysterious bad girl she calls “Miss X.”
Cerveny, 38, was found in the doorway of a Chelsea building on Oct. 5, 2015 after partying with HBO producer Marc Henry Johnson and James Holder, an alleged drug dealer. Police said in an affidavit that Holder and Johnson carried Cerveny downstairs and left her outside around 8:30 a.m. the following morning. Johnson called 911 but by the time paramedics arrived, the mother of three young children was dead.
Johnson and Holder aren't charged in Cerveny's death, but have been charged with drug charges and for moving Cerveny's body when she became unresponsive.
“The worst part was that I thought that she was murdered, when I first got the information,” Caron Bernstein, Ceveny's friend, told The Daily Beast on Wednesday. “So it's just a huge relief. I don't know what it feels like to overdose, but it can't be as terrifying as getting murdered.”
Bernstein was in Los Angeles when she heard about Cerveny's death, then heard she was in Manhattan in the first place for a “girls night” out with their mutual friends. While the other women stayed back at the hotel room, Bernstein said Cerveny and a woman she would only refer to as “Miss X” went out.
The duo eventually found themselves at the KGB bar on the Lower East Side. A KGB employee, who said he was interviewed by police in the weeks after the death, confirmed the women were there.
“I know Marc Johnson and he's definitely not a drug dealer,” Dan Christian told The Daily Beast. “Someone dragged him to some late night hang or something like that.”
Miss X, referred to as Individual 5 in the affidavit, texted with Johnson from the bar, according to court documents released Wednesday. The HBO producer told Individual 5 that he was “tipsy” and jonesing for coke, according to documents.
“I may go to Pepsi for a pickup,” he texted, referring to Holder.
“Kiersten was in the worst case naïve, in the best case innocent,” Bernstein added.
Miss X, the alleged late-night companion, knows some “slime-baggy people,” Bernstein said.
Miss X allegedly played a “long con” on friends, milking them for meals, drinks, and more, Bernstein said, adding she had a reputation for being wild and going out a lot.
“When I heard that she went [to KGB], I said: Let me guess, blahdy blah took her,” Bernstein said.
While it wouldn't have been “the craziest, most lunatic thing in the world to know that Kiersten did some blow,” Bernstein said that her friend's usual style was much more reserved, contrary to tabloid reports. While she enjoyed cocktails and drinks with friends on girls' nights out, she typically preferred to remain in control, so that she could be present if her children, or anyone else, needed her at a moment's notice.
There was “no extramarital anything,” Bernstein emphasized.
She was happiest when she was helping. Bernstein recalled how she “giggled like a school girl” after figuring out a diagnosis her fellow doctors couldn't.
“I know people speak about dead people like that, like all of a sudden they're perfect,” Bernstein said. “I'm not saying that Kiersten was a perfect person, but she was closer to that goal than any person I've ever met.
“She was always just good to everyone, and she didn't heed advice like, oh, this girl is potentially dangerous,” she said.
Indeed that night, court documents suggest Cerveny left KGB in a taxi with Johnson. Miss X evidently didn't follow her.
Cerveny and Johnson arrived at Holder's Chelsea apartment around 4:25 a.m., according to court documents. Four hours later, Cerveny was dead.
“For HBO [Johnson] to call 911 and then not be there, holding there, trying to give her CPR... that boggles my mind,” Bernstein said.
Johnson worked as a producer on The Deuce, an upcoming HBO drama about prostitution around Times Square in the '80s. He stepped away from the show after being investigated in relation to Cerveny's death.
“Foremost, this is a grievous tragedy for a young woman and her family,” David Simon, an executive producer on the series, told The Daily Beast in a statement. “As evidence has yet to be presented and the case yet to be adjudicated, it would be irresponsible to say more than that at this point.”
But Bernstein says the most important thing to know is that Cerveny was a good person with a big heart. The kids and her husband Andrew “were her everything, not including her career.”
“She didn't really make money with her career, because in a typical day she would see 35 patients, most of them children, in this crappy Brooklyn hospital,” Bernstein said. “Her joy was to help and heal.”
Czech President Milos Zeman holds a mock assault rifle with the inscription “At journalists” and a bottle of Becherovka liquor instead of the ammunition clip presented him at a news conference on Oct. 20. (Miroslav Chaloupka/CTK/AP)
Czech President Milos Zeman has long been an admirer of President Trump. Both have been accused of ties to Russia, sought ways to keep immigrants out — and essentially have Czech President Milos Zeman has long been an admirer of President Trump. Both have been accused of ties to Russia, sought ways to keep immigrants out — and essentially have declared war on the media.
On Czech election day last Friday, however, Zeman took his virulent dislike of journalists to a level that even exceeds the open hostility in Washington. Speaking at a news conference, Zeman held up a mock assault rifle with an inscription that can be translated as “Toward journalists” or “At journalists.” A bottle of Czech liquor was inserted where the ammunition clip would normally go.
Zeman had received the mock gun as a gift during a visit to the western parts of the Czech Republic, and the president, known for his attacks against the media, appeared to enjoy it. “Look at the inscription,” a smiling Zeman said, according to local media outlets.
Human rights groups swiftly condemned the barely veiled threat against the journalists attending the conference on Friday, which came only days after a leading journalist in Malta was Human rights groups swiftly condemned the barely veiled threat against the journalists attending the conference on Friday, which came only days after a leading journalist in Malta was killed in a car bomb. The incident was featured on front pages across the continent and provoked outrage over attempts by governments to limit press freedom in Malta and elsewhere.
In the Czech Republic, Zeman so far mainly holds ceremonial powers and cannot press for legislative changes to restrict press freedom by himself, but he hopes that last weekend's election could elevate his standing.
His longtime ally Andrej Babis, who heads the centrist-populist ANO movement, delivered a longtime ally Andrej Babis, who heads the centrist-populist ANO movement, delivered a decisive win by securing 29.6 percent of the total votes in parliamentary elections, which began on Friday and ended Saturday. Babis's victory will almost certainly make him the next Czech prime minister and could pave the way for a right-wing coalition. Liberals fear that the president could convince Babis to adopt some of his proposals, including a softer stance on Russia.
The centrist ANO movement led by populist Andrej Babis decisively won the Czech Republic's parliamentary election on Oct. 21, paving the way for the billionaire to become the next prime minister. (Sarah Parnass,Griff Witte/The Washington Post)
Babis became the country's second-richest man partially by building his own media empire, which has raised concerns among Czech journalists over the future of independent media outlets there.
Journalists are under growing economic and political pressure in many eastern or central European nations like Poland and Hungary. In Poland, the Law and Justice Party has consolidated its power in recent years by essentially turning the country's public broadcaster, TVP Info, into a mouthpiece of the government.
The government there also unsuccessfully attempted to limit the number of journalists allowed access to parliament. Growing self-censorship, free speech restrictions and interference in public media made the country plummet in Freedom House's Press Freedom The government there also unsuccessfully attempted to limit the number of journalists allowed access to parliament. Growing self-censorship, free speech restrictions and interference in public media made the country plummet in Freedom House's Press Freedom Index , in which it dropped to being only “partly free” this year.
The Czech Republic is still considered to have a free press by Freedom House and fairs well in similar rankings by the organization The Czech Republic is still considered to have a free press by Freedom House and fairs well in similar rankings by the organization Reporters without Borders . In its most recent assessment, Freedom House cautioned that politicians “sometimes employ hostile rhetoric against media outlets,” but it also said that physical “attacks and harassment aimed at media houses or professionals are rare.”
Friday's incident marked a new low point in the relations between the media and the Czech head of state, however, who routinely attacks journalists. In 2002, Zeman — who was at the time prime minister — compared the media to a “septic tank.”
world worldviews Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Today's WorldView What's most important from where the world meets Washington Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters false The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for $1
“The Czech journalist is currently the dumbest creature on Earth,” he was “The Czech journalist is currently the dumbest creature on Earth,” he was quoted as saying.
Earlier this year, Zeman also told Russian President Vladimir Putin that there was a “need to liquidate” journalists, although Zeman later backtracked after critics pointed out accusations that the Russian government may be behind the murder of several reporters. Reporters without Borders ranks Russia 148th out of 180 countries worldwide in terms of press freedom, giving it a worse score than nations like Zimbabwe, Pakistan or Afghanistan. The organization Earlier this year, Zeman also told Russian President Vladimir Putin that there was a “need to liquidate” journalists, although Zeman later backtracked after critics pointed out accusations that the Russian government may be behind the murder of several reporters. Reporters without Borders ranks Russia 148th out of 180 countries worldwide in terms of press freedom, giving it a worse score than nations like Zimbabwe, Pakistan or Afghanistan. The organization blamed “draconian laws and website blocking,” along with a national and local crackdown on critics for the declining press freedom in Russia.
“I strongly dislike the comment, regardless if he said it to Putin or anybody else,” said Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek at the time.
Zeman defended those earlier comments by alleging that his critics lacked a sense of humor.
Read more:
Overnight airstrikes hit training camp but do not cause any injuries amid ongoing violence in Jerusalem and the West Bank
Israel has launched airstrikes on a Hamas site in the northern Gaza Strip after two rockets were fired into southern Israel.
Three air strikes were carried out by the Israeli air force on Friday evening, reportedly targeting a Hamas training facility.
The attack happened after two rockets were fired from Gaza into southern Israeli towns. The first was fired early on Friday and exploded near Sderot, damaging a house and a nearby bus, but no one was injured. The second rocket was fired just before midnight on Friday and was intercepted by the iron dome device just over Ashkelon.
A Salafist group known as the Sheikh Omar Hadid Brigades, who support but have not sworn allegiance to Islamic State, claimed responsibility for the rocket attacks.
The Israeli Defense Force spokesman's office said the rocket fire would be treated with “utmost severity” and, despite the Salafist group taking responsibility, it still held Hamas responsible.
“The terrorist group Hamas is the sovereign, and it carries the responsibility,” a statement from the office said.
The mayor of Sderot, Alon Davidi, told Haaretz newspaper he expected the Israeli leadership to act.
“We expect the prime minister and defence minister to act decisively and firmly to achieve quiet in the area and the restoration of normal life for the residents.”
In May, Hamas launched a serious crackdown on the Salafist group, imprisoning dozens of its members. The same month the group carried out a series of bomb attacks that targeted both foreign offices and Hamas. A Salafist-linked mosque in Deir al-Balah was then destroyed by Hamas and in response the Salafist group fired rockets into Israel to try to put pressure on Hamas to release its members.
The last attempt before Friday to fire a rocket into Israel failed, exploding inside Gaza instead. The Salafist group claimed responsibility for the 1 September attack, saying it was a response to clashes between Israeli forces and Palestinians in the West Bank city of Jenin.
The Israeli air force targeted a Hamas weapons factory in central Gaza in August after another rocket launched from there exploded in Israel, causing no damage.
There has been a week of violence in Jerusalem following the Jewish New Year and an Israeli government ban on two Muslim groups who act as civilian guards inside Islam's third holiest site, al-Aqsa Mosque.
Protests broke out on 12 September, the eve of the Jewish New Year holiday of Rosh Hashana, when Palestinians barricaded themselves inside al-Aqsa Mosque and threw rocks and fireworks at police. Officers said they found pipe bombs.
Days of tension ensued around Jerusalem's flashpoint religious site – known as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims and Temple Mount to Jews – resulting in Israel deploying up to 800 extra police around the city.
On Friday, the Israeli government announced that men aged under 40 would not be allowed to enter the al-Aqsa mosque to pray. More than 21 Palestinians and three Israeli border police were wounded during clashes throughout the West Bank and Jerusalem after Friday prayers.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Israeli border police monitor Palestinians at a checkpoint after entry to the al-Aqsa Mosque was restrited to men over 40. Photograph: UPI/Landov Media/Barcroft
The three wounded officers were in a moderate condition and one of the Palestinians was seriously wounded in East Jerusalem's Jabal Mukaber neighbourhood.
The police were reportedly attacked while chasing a group of young Palestinians who had been throwing burning tyres into rubbish containers. Eight Palestinians were later arrested for throwing stones.
Getty Images
I've joked a few times on PFT Live that, if Jon Gruden returns to coach the Buccaneers, he may hire former Tampa Bay quarterback Chris Simms to join the staff. As it turns out, Gruden may return to coach the Raiders. And he may hire a former Raiders quarterback to join the staff.
Via Ian Rapoport of NFL Network, Rich Gannon's name keeps coming up as Gruden makes calls to round up potential members of a coaching staff.
Gannon, whose playing career reached a new level when he joined Gruden, became the NFL's MVP in the year Gruden left for the Bucs. The season ended, however, with Gruden exploiting Gannon's weaknesses and blowing out the Raiders.
Gannon never has coached; he went straight to broadcasting upon his retirement. Which actually gives him less experience than Simms, who spent a year as a coaching assistant with the Patriots.
Coincidentally, Gannon will be calling the Raiders-Chargers game on Sunday. Which would have made the production meetings quite awkward, if this news had gotten out before today.
Norm Macdonald, known for his edgy, uncensored brand of comedy and biting wit, will take on emcee duties for the upcoming Canadian Screen Awards.
"Comedian Norm Macdonald has done brilliant stand-up comedy everywhere and on every show from Saturday Night Live to Just for Laughs, so we know how lucky we are to have him," Helga Stephenson, Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television CEO, said in a statement released Tuesday.
A comic, writer, producer and actor, Macdonald is perhaps best known for his SNL run during the 1990s, including three years as anchor of the show's popular Weekend Update segment. He also wrote for classic TV sitcom Roseanne and starred in the comedy The Norm Show.
"Out of all the award shows on the planet, the CSAs are definitely the newest," Macdonald said about his upcoming hosting stint.
"I'm thrilled to host the show and I hope I can get back across the border with the award they'd better give me."
His recent appearances include serving as a brutally honest judge on TV competition Last Comic Standing, giving a stand-up performance during David Letterman's final run as host of the Late Show and taking over for fellow SNLerDarrell Hammond as the new Colonel Sanders in a series of KFC advertisements.
"We're thrilled to have Norm. Rules will be broken. People will be offended," CSAs producer Barry Avrich noted.
Quebec-born and raised in Ottawa, Macdonald is the brother of CBC journalist Neil Macdonald.
The Canadian Screen Awards will take place in Toronto on March 13, 2016, airing live on CBC-TV
Why a six-figure income is not enough for many in the U.S.  11:45 AM ET Tue, 18 July 2017 | 01:18
No matter how much you earn, getting by is still a struggle for most people these days.
Seventy-eight percent of full-time workers said they live paycheck to paycheck, up from 75 percent last year, according to a recent report from CareerBuilder.
Overall, 71 percent of all U.S. workers said they're now in debt, up from 68 percent a year ago, CareerBuilder said.
While 46 percent said their debt is manageable, 56 percent said they were in over their heads. About 56 percent also save $100 or less each month, according to CareerBuilder. The job-hunting site polled over 2,000 hiring and human resource managers and more than 3,000 full-time employees between May and June.
Most financial experts recommend stashing at least a six-month cushion in an emergency fund to cover anything from a dental bill to a car repair — and more if you are the sole breadwinner in your family or in business for yourself.
While household income has grown over the past decade, it has failed to keep up with the increased cost-of-living over the same period.
Last night on Huge — a show from the creator of My So-Called Life — Camp Victory held a weigh-in. The face of each camper stepping on the scale told a different story: Anxious, terrified, excited, nervous, pessimistic, hopeful.
Ian refused to look at his weight, explaining: "I don't want to let a number decide my whole view of myself. I I feel good." Alastair lost "a little" weight, but was sad, and sighed, "I don't know why I feel like this." Ian filled in the blanks: "Because it's so freaking hard. And you still have so much left to go."
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Will (Nikki Blonsky) was upset that she'd lost weight, since she'd vowed to gain while at the camp — to spite her parents (and all of Western civilization). Amber (who is not severely overweight but wants to lose so badly that she's paying for the camp herself) only lost one pound. Dr. Rand reminded her: "It's not a race." But Amber felt the need to lie to her friend Chloe and claim to have lost six pounds.
Later, Becca, sensing that Will thought she was a sellout, said, "I can't help it. I want to lose weight. Will argued: "If this were the 16th century and everyone thought that this was beautiful, and thin was ugly, would this still be what you wanted?" Becca's response: "This isn't the 16th century."
Advertisement
This gutsy show consistently impresses: To have one character preach body acceptance and question why a woman should change her shape to fit in with what society finds aesthetically acceptable, but also include a character who wants to lose weight, as well as a character who loses weight and can't find any joy in it? What other show is touching on this good stuff?
Earlier: Shrooms, Gender-Bending, Dumpster-Diving & Spirit Quests On Huge
Finding Humor In Swimsuits & Love Handles
Telling The Weird Kid He Smells Bad On Huge
Uterus-Control Issues On Huge
Fat-Camp Striptease & Snack Lust On Huge
Timberline Landscaping is proud to have done construction on the following trails. We put together this guide to help you plan your next hiking or biking journey! Refer to the Colorado Springs Trails Guide infographic below for trail details, difficulty and pet regulations, and refer to the map below for directions to your trail of choice. Keep in mind that each trail has different hours of operation, so please refer to the “Learn More” links provided in the infographic for that information.
For more information about our trail building across Colorado Springs, see our Trails page!
Colorado Springs Trails Guide:
Colorado Springs Trails Map:
Best Colorado Springs Biking Trails:
Black Forest Trail
Cheyenne Mountain State Park
Ute Trail
Pike's Peake
Palmer Park
Pancake Rocks Trail
Rampart Reservoir
Seven Bridges
Ute Valley Park
Best Colorado Springs Trails for Families:
Bear Creek Park
Red Rock Canyon Open Space
Ute Valley Park
Garden of the Gods
Palmer Park
Seven Bridges
Best Colorado Springs Trails for Pets:
Seven Falls
Garden of the Gods
Ute Valley Park
Red Rock Canyon Open Space
Palmer Park
For more information on the parks and trails that Timberline Landscaping has worked on, visit our Colorado Springs Park Guide!
The Russian-Iranian-Turkish Tripartite is preparing to mediate a new round of intra-Syrian talks in Astana sometime soon, and President Assad just announced that he is ready to negotiate on “everything” provided that the process follows the legal mechanisms laid out in the Syrian Constitution.
Australian professor and prominent Syrian activist Tim Anderson is correct when he wrote in his latest article for the Centre for Research on Globalization that “wars are always concluded with political settlements”, and that's certainly going to be the case with the War of Terror on Syria. The game-changing Tripartite partnership between Russia, Iran, and Turkey – originally forecasted by the author over six months ago in a series of articles listed at this link – is taking the lead in resolving this conflict by organizing the upcoming intra-Syrian talks in Astana, which importantly exclude the participation of the US.
President Assad told French media in an exclusive interview that he's willing to negotiate on “everything”, but that the process must be in line with the legal mandates set out in the Syrian Constitution. If any sort of compromise is reached which leads to an outcome separate from that which is allowed under existing Syrian law, then the constitution must be changed in order to accommodate this, and the Syrian people must formally agree to any amendments by means of a referendum. This is an important checks-and-balance system which ensures that the results of the peace process will be democratic and represent the will of the Syrian people.
The State Of Affairs
The Russian Drawdown:
Taking stock of the state of affairs in the run-up to the Astana talks, the first thing to be mentioned is that Russia has recently decided to once more draw down its military forces in Syria. It should be remembered that Moscow's official motivation for accepting Damascus' intervention request in the first place was to fight terrorism in the Arab Republic, and it appears as though Russian decision makers believe that the historic liberation of Aleppo last month qualifies as significant enough of a victory to justify reducing the Aerospace Forces' in-country deployment.
Nevertheless, Daesh still occupies Raqqa, Palmyra, and the stretch of desert between these two cities, so Russia isn't by any means fully withdrawing its military assets from the country until all of it is freed from the terrorists. Plus, it can always redeploy its forces as needed if the situation calls for it, just like it did follow the first drawdown last spring. Considering this, there are two mutually inclusive interpretations that can be offered in explaining the military curtailment decision.
The first one is that this is a goodwill gesture to the consensually agreed-upon “moderate opposition” (the groups participating in the present ceasefire) to encourage their flexibility during the upcoming Astana talks, which would make this a tactical move aimed at promoting a political settlement which corresponds to Russia's stated aversion to a solely military solution. The second possibility, however, is that this is a signal to President-elect Trump that Russia is potentially interested in carrying out symbolic joint strikes against Daesh if the incoming leader is serious about consecrating his talked-about détente with Moscow, and that both sides could cooperate in carrying out the grand liberation of Raqqa, Palmyra, and the other occupied cities in Syria (so long as Damascus agrees, of course).
The Tripartite:
About the Tripartite, it's plain to see that its members are actively cooperating with one another, and it can confidently be inferred that Russia and Iran are indirectly liaising between Syria and Turkey, both of whom don't have any relations with one another and might not be comfortable publicly admitting to secret talks due to their respective domestic political sensitivities. This isn't just wild speculation either, as it's extremely unlikely that Turkey's military operation in northern Syria would have been passively accepted by Damascus (despite its official condemnation at the time) and its Russian and Iranian international protectors had there not been some degree of advance coordination between all sides.
Even so, the presence of Turkish forces in northern Syria is still technically an illegal act because Damascus didn't give its open and explicit permission for them to be there, regardless if it discretely agreed to this in secret earlier. Therefore, one of the long-term goals that the Syrian government has going into the Astana talks is to encourage the conditions which would eventually result in a Turkish withdrawal. This brings the discussion to the point of analyzing Ankara's official reason for conventionally intervening in northern Syria, which was to prevent the PYD-YPG Kurds from unilaterally establishing a “federalized” (internally partitioned) statelet all along the southern Turkish borderland.
The Kurdish Question
It's relevant at this time to recall that the Syrian Ambassador to Moscow vehemently rejected the PYD-YPG Kurds' “federal” declaration in early 2016 by unequivocally declaring that:
“When one speaks of the federalization of our country, this directly threatens the integrity of our country, runs counter to the Constitution, contradicts the national concepts, even is at variance with the international resolutions and decisions, so all statements of the kind are illegitimate.”
This sentiment was soon followed up by President Assad himself who reaffirmed that “most Kurds want to live in a unified Syria, under a central system, not in a federal system”, later on adding that any prospective “federal” solution would have to be agreed to by the Syrian people through a referendum and that the current structure is therefore “temporary”. President Assad is evidently aware of the PYD-YPG Kurds' hate-filled “federal” manifesto, the contents of which the author analyzed in a three-part series for the Moscow-based Katehon think tank, and it shouldn't be seen as a coincidence that the Tripartite chose to exclude this group from the upcoming Astana talks.
Going by Turkey's official ‘justification' for commencing its military operation in northern Syria (and which must evidently have been accepted by Russia, Iran, and Syria otherwise they would have actively resisted it at the time), the only condition which would convince Erdoğan to withdraw his country's troops from the Arab Republic is if the PYD-YPG “federal” menace is neutralized. The PYD-YPG Kurds recently removed the ethno-supremacist “Rojava” label from their self-declared and illegal “Democratic Federal System of Northern Syria” likely as a superficial effort to quell Damascus and the Tripartite's unyielding resistance to their geopolitical project by crafting the illusion that it's “inclusive” of all of Syria's other various identities.
Curiously, the Washington Post just reported that the PYD-YPG Kurds are indoctrinating their Arab allies of the Kurdish-dominated “Syrian Democratic Forces” militant umbrella with the radical Marxist ideology of PKK founder Abdullah Ocalan and the complementary ideas of so-called “democratic confederalism” from their 2015 manifesto. From the looks of it, the anti-government Kurds in Syria's north are trying to disguise their “Greater Kurdistan” project by dressing it up as an “inclusive” effort which is also supposedly promoted by token Arabs, but this might inadvertently backfire on them if the wily Turkish leader senses an opportunity to advance his country's own self-declared interests in this part of Syria and exploits their latest moves.
Erdoğan's End Game
Everyone's been wondering what Erdoğan's end game is ever since he made the decision to deploy Turkey's conventional forces into northern Syria last August, but it finally looks like the answer is revealing itself. Turkey has reiterated on multiple occasions that it will not allow a Kurdish-led “federal” (internally partitioned) statelet to take shape in northern Syria, arguing that this entity would become a terrorist safe haven for the PKK and other anti-Ankara militant groups. Together with this, the Turkish government regularly floated the idea of a so-called “safe zone” in this region in order to supposedly counterterrorism and prevent the unification of both Kurdish-controlled areas in northern Syria.
Bridging these two objectives together in tangible practice, Turkey has been systematically seeking to replace the PYD-YPG Kurdish militant presence in this part of Syria with the pro-Ankara “Free Syrian Army” (FSA, which the author personally feels should stand for the “Fake Syrian Army”). Now that the Kurds removed the ethno-supremacist “Rojava” label from their illegal self-declared “federation”, it's possible that Turkey could soon throw its weight behind the creation of an FSA-led “federalized” border strip in northern Syria in order to simultaneously cleanse the region of Kurdish militant groups and ‘formalize' what Erdoğan might be led to believe is a sustainable buffer zone (the so-called “zone safe” which he's always desired).
No matter how hard Erdoğan may want an FSA proxy state in northern Syria, there's no way that the country will be “federalized” unless the people themselves agree to this in a forthcoming constitutional referendum, and it's widely expected that they'd reject this plan anyhow. As a means of bettering his hand and improving his odds, however, Erdoğan might secretly convey that Turkey could formally reverse its calls of “Assad must go”, officially recognize the Syrian leader as the country's democratically elected president, restore the close pre-war political and economic relations between both states, and commit an undetermined amount of reconstruction funding (reparations) to Syria in exchange for Damascus accepting this proposal.
No matter how enticing such an offer might seem in the short-term, it would actually be a long-term trap meant to permanently restrict Syria's post-war independence and should thus be absolutely avoided unless there's literally no other realistic option available. If it becomes necessary for Syria to compromise, then Damascus could propose the creative solution of “municipal autonomy” as a possibly acceptable decentralized middle ground between centralization and devolution, the details of which were discussed in the author's earlier Oriental Review article about “Syria's Diplomatic Ammo Going Into The Astana Political Fight” and would of course have to be confirmed by the Syrian people through a subsequent referendum.
All told, the upcoming Astana talks are meant to be the first tangible step in concluding the War on Syria with a political settlement, just as Professor Anderson wrote, and Damascus must be prepared for pioneering a solution to the seemingly intractable contradictions between its own sovereign interests and the interlinked threats posed by the PYD-YPG Kurds, “federalization” (internal partition), and Turkey's geopolitical designs in northern Syria.
Andrew Korybko is the American political commentator currently working for the Sputnik agency.
The reprints are welcomed with the reference to ORIENTAL REVIEW.
Drugs are Cool, You May Not Be
Tags : psychedelic
Rating : Teen - Drugs
Posted on: 2001-09-17 00:00:00
At Destination Star Trek​ we are proud to present our Science and Education Zone! Come see a real Apollo spacesuit, a life size Apollo Lunar Module landing leg, a real Space Shuttle tile and more. This is where you can find the fascinating scientists from the European Space Agency, astronomer Mat Irvine, and our education specialists throughout the weekend. NASA astronaut, Lunar Module Pilot for Apollo 13 and the Commander of the Space Shuttle Enterprise Fred Haise will also be spending some time throughout the weekend in this Zone to chat with attendees.
Over the weekend you will want to check out some of these great panels which are all free to enjoy:
Fred Haise – “In Conversation with…” on Saturday and Sunday
Erik Kuulkers - Discovery: a true voyage to binary stars
Janine Pforr - A long time ago in galaxies far, far away…
Andrea Boyd - Station, Europe, Space-to-Ground. Real life Uhura
Mario Cypko - 'Human in Deep-Space? - Scotty, DON'T beam me up, at least not yet!'
Shahrzad Hosseini - Human-Robotic Interaction on the Moon - That is the exploration that awaits you!
Markus Landgraff - Star Trek: Enterprise - how close are we?
Richard Moissl – “Bepicolombo - The Next Generation of Solar System Exploration”
Aybi Demirsan - "Remote Chekov - how to command spacecraft from Earth”
Dr Lincoln Geraghty, University of Portsmouth – “Collecting and Star Trek Fandom”
Dr Tim Summers, Royal Holloway, University of London – “The Music of Star Trek”
Professor Michèle Barrett and Duncan Barrett - Star Trek: The Human Frontier
Duncan Barrett – Primitive Culture, Star Trek and History
Mat Irvine will be available in the Science and Education Zone throughout the weekend.
The casual carry - designed to be the perfect day bag, gym bag or packable. It weighs less than 250g and packs up into a slim roll less than an inch thick. For those moments when you really don't want to be carrying more bag than stuff.
The casual carry is designed for those moments when you just want to travel light. We set out, several months ago, with a mission to design a bag that would be stylish, lightweight, unisex, comfortable and practical on one shoulder or two. For those moments when a full-sized backpack is just too bulky and the other options just too inconvenient. Hundreds of ideas and many designs later, here we are.
Wrap it
Rolls up into a tight packable roll
Rolls up into a tight packable roll Snap it
The carry handle clips perfectly around to hold it together.
The carry handle clips perfectly around to hold it together. Carry it
Over the shoulder, like a backpack, in your hand or even like a handbag.
Over the shoulder, like a backpack, in your hand or even like a handbag. Clip it
Clip the carry handle to anything to secure or hang the Casual Carry.
Clip the carry handle to anything to secure or hang the Casual Carry. Pack it
Internal pockets and strong construction keep your belongings safe.
Internal pockets and strong construction keep your belongings safe. Adjust it
Adjustable soft cotton ropes allow for the perfect fit.
Kickstarter exclusive - Priced below RRP and free domestic shipping within the UK and USA. It's our way of saying thank you for your support.
We've obsessed over every detail: from the shape, the way it sits on your back, the way it hangs when you hold it. We even spent days just adjusting the position of the eyelets and adding supports in the fabric to get it to sit beautifully without compromising it's ease to open. Over the last 6 months we've run through hundreds of materials, and countless prototypes. The end result is a striking yet functional design.
It's taken half a year to produce our final prototypes of the Casual Carry. No detail or design element was left to chance. That's given us time to give it some great features...
Beautiful woven labels
Fine leather strap adjuster
Strong steel hardware and eyelets
PU backed waterproof fabric gives a unique structure
Comfortable and adjustable cotton ropes with treated ends
We're producing the Casual Carry in 3 colourways. Black, Red, and Blue. If we meet our funding goal then we'll add a stretch goal for orange and another bonus colour! (All suggestions welcome!) All about lightweight comfort. The adjustable shoulder straps are made from thick, soft woven cotton - so they don't dig in like cheap nylon cord. You can double them up over one shoulder for even greater comfort. The leather adjuster slides up and down to alter how it sits over your shoulders and you can adjust where the bag sits on your back by changing the length of the straps. The straps are anchored at the bottom and the leather adjuster grips them at the top, so it stays more evenly balanced.
It won't replace your backpack for lugging a laptop around, but it's pretty damn awesome for carrying your essentials at a festival!
If you like our project then do the all important thing and pledge! We've even created an early bird level for our first supporters. The early bird catches the casual carry...
Kickstarter only lets you set one main currency. But if you're buying from the states you will be charged in USD. We've given rough conversions for you - they should be right to within a dollar.
If you're outside the USA or UK then please add £10 for shipping to your pledge.
Lastly, when you pledge, we'll collect the information on if you want black, red or blue (or any stretch colours we make!) after the campaign is finished.
Help us create a bag that is less not more. The whole point of the casual carry is that it's light and simple. Traveling light is liberating. It's also eco friendly. It weighs in at just 250g - Less bag, more freedom.
To make the minimum number of casual carry's and get our production going we need your help. Meeting our goal will let us put the timeline above into practice and bring the casual carry to life. There may be some small variations in the hardware depending on our final factory - but we promise it will be the same fantastic quality.
Remember the good old days when all you had to worry about was what potential employers might find in a Google search? Now, some employers are asking for the keys to job applicants' virtual clubhouse so they can click around and get a better look.
Reports are resurfacing about public agencies requiring applicants to allow them to log in for full access to their Facebook account.
Is this in-depth social network profiling of a potential employee fair -- or legal?
“I would argue that it's an invasion of privacy and violation of anti-discrimination law,” said employment attorney Amy Semmel of Kelley Semmel in Los Angeles.
If you think about what gets posted on social networks, the average profile can be overflowing with information that could be used to construct a fairly detailed sketch of a job applicant, which can differ greatly from the image that applicant would like to project to a potential employer.
HOUSTON, JUNE 26, 2017 – Sentai Filmworks probes the mysteries of the holy city with its newest acquisition for the Summer 2017 season: Vatican Miracle Examiner. This mystery-packed anime series, based on the light novels of the same name by Rin Fujiki, will begin airing in Japan in June 2017. The series will be available to stream this summer in the U.S. on Anime Strike, the curated on-demand anime subscription from Amazon Channels.
In the heart of Vatican City, there is a secret organization dedicated to investigating reports of miracles. Robert Nicholas, an archivist and cryptanalysis expert, and Josef Kou Hiraga, a genius scientist, are members of the Assembly of Saints. As miracle investigators, they travel the world validating particular phenomena, only to uncover events tainted with conspiracy and deceit. With orders to find out the truth behind God's works, Josef and the fiercely protective Robert venture out into the unknown.
The series will be directed by Yoshitomo Yonetani (Food Wars!), with sound direction by Yoshikazu Iwanami (Girl und Panzer, Knights of Sidonia) and series composition by Seishi Minakami (No.6). The studio helming the project will be J.C.STAFF (Flying Witch, Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?).
Vatican Miracle Examiner will soon be available to stream on Anime Strike in the U.S., and available in certain countries through select digital outlets for the summer 2017 season, with a home video release to follow.
For Sentai Filmworks' latest announcements regarding this and other great titles, be sure to like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
About Sentai Filmworks, LLC
Sentai Filmworks is a leading global supplier of anime and official anime merchandise, distributing, and curating one of the industry's most diverse libraries of top trending and classic titles. Offering thousands of hours of content across both traditional and digital platforms, Sentai is dedicated to bringing captivating stories and iconic characters directly from Japan. With hit series that include Parasyte –the maxim–, No Game, No Life, Food Wars!, Is it Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?, and Akame ga Kill!, Sentai's catalog continues to grow with new favorites like Himouto! Umaru-chan and Monster Musume: Everyday Life with Monster Girls, as well as classic anime series such as Legend of the Galactic Heroes. For more information, visit www.sentaifilmworks.com.
Ben Carson on Tuesday tried to convince a baffled CNN host that perhaps “the problem” with a leaked tape in which Donald Trump describes groping women without waiting for their consent is that she hadn't heard more stories like that.
The Trump surrogate and advisor, who informed Fox News over the weekend that the campaign was bracing for the release of more tapes, told CNN's Brianna Keilar that Trump's comments about grabbing women “by the pussy” weren't “right,” but were typical male banter.
“Where are you hanging out and with whom are you hanging out that you hear people talking like that?” Keilar asked Carson, who dismissed the comments as “locker room” talk.
“As I was growing up, people were always trying to talk about their sexual conquest, and trying to make themselves appear, you know, like the Don Casanova,” Carson replied, blinking and waving his hands theatrically. “I'm surprised you haven't heard that. I really am.”
“I haven't heard it and I know a lot of people who have not heard it,” Keilar replied.
“Maybe that's the problem,” Carson said. “Maybe that's the problem.”
“The problem is that I haven't—” Keilar began to ask before both fell silent.
“Maybe, maybe that's the problem,” Carson continued. “But—whether they've heard it or not, the issue is the train that's going off the cliff. We can come back after we save the country, after we keep the train from going off the cliff. And I would welcome, quite frankly, a discussion of morality in this country.”
Keilar wrapped up the interview soon after, pointedly noting that the leaked Trump video “may have prompted a conversation about some values.”
Watch below via The Daily Beast's Andrew Kirell:
People often bunch their activities at common points in time. Most people work from 9 am to 5 pm rather than from 10 pm to 6 am. One reason is that these are daylight hours, but another reason is because everyone else is working during this time. If you and your coworker are in the office at the same time, it is easier to collaborate. Furthermore, it makes working more fun to be there with other people. …Most generally, many economic activities bunch or cluster in time because it pays to coordinate your economic actions with those of others. That just means that we want to be investing, producing, and selling at the same time that others are investing, producing, or selling. In short, economic activity tends to cluster together in time just as it clusters together in space. (What do we call a cluster of economic activity in space? A city.)
The desire to coordinate work-time amplifies shocks and so can contribute to business cycles (hence, time bunching is one of the transmission and amplification mechanisms discussed in our principles textbook from which the quote is drawn).
People “also like to party at the same time and to see movies and concerts with other people” so there is a desire to coordinate leisure-time as well as work-time. The coordination of leisure-time is the subject of an excellent paper by Young and Lim, Time as a Network Good: Evidence from Unemployment and the Standard Workweek, in Sociological Science.
From the abstract:
Drawing on two independent data sets, with more than half a million respondents, we show that both workers and the unemployed experience remarkably similar increases in emotional well-being on weekends and have similar declines in well-being when the workweek begins. The unemployed look forward to weekends much the same as workers. This is in large part because social time increases sharply on weekends for both workers and the unemployed. Weekend well-being is not due to time off work per se but rather is a collectively produced social good stemming from widely shared free time on weekends. The unemployed gain comparatively little benefit from their time off during the week, when others go to work.
Figure 2, from their paper, shows the basic story. Workers report more positive emotions (top panel) and fewer negative emotions (bottom panel) than the unemployed but both workers and the unemployed are happier and less stressed on weekends.
Thus, coordinated leisure is more valuable than free time per se.
The benefits of coordination also occur at longer time scales. It's March Break at GMU this week so both my wife and I have some free time. Unfortunately, GMU's March Break is not coordinated with that of Fairfax County schools so we can't plan any family travel time! In two weeks, the situation will be reversed. Ugh.
George Mason University could raise the value of its March Break to many of its employees by coordinating with Fairfax County Schools–a free way to raise faculty and staff salaries! If only some Angel could make this possible.
The benefits of coordinated leisure also suggest that a national holiday is of more value than everyone having a day off but potentially a different day, so-called flex-time. I wouldn't go as far as the French, who shut down in August, but it's odd that the United States has lots of winter holidays but only one summer holiday. Let's coordinate to create a national summer holiday. A 3-day summer-weekend will increase everyone's happiness.
You and your family are sipping hot cocoa, gathered around the [holiday object of your choice], and your family member suddenly asks: “Can you help me with my [insert device here]?”
They need a question answered about their computer, phone, tablet, video game console, or internet-connected device. Maybe they have related questions about their online accounts.
Or maybe there is a teenager or college student in your family that posts intensely personal information online, and has just realized that they should probably maintain more privacy in their online lives—but isn't sure how to start.
Or perhaps the conversation of data breaches comes up around the dinner table, and Uncle Navid insists that the only way to protect yourself is to never go online at all.
Congratulations, you are now responsible for threat modeling for the holidays!
This is a good time to take a step back, consider some common concerns and threat models, and talk to your family about digital security. Congratulations, you are now responsible for threat modeling for the holidays!
Before you begin, try to take a harm reduction approach to answering their problems. Take a moment to think about what devices and operating systems they use, what workflows they already have in place, and what kind of advice might they be receptive to.
Then, you can start to narrow down on their concerns. A good way to start is by asking: “What would you like to do, and what are you worried about?”
Threat Modeling for the Holidays
Did your friend get a new phone? Are they scared of losing it or someone stealing it? Show them how to password-protect their device, and help them to set up full-disk encryption. (And for fun, watch our “unboxing” video to start a discussion around fair use, closed technologies, and facial recognition.)
Does your family member already have a strong password protecting their encrypted device? Are they interested in bolstering their security further? Determine what their next steps might be. What do they already know? Do they know what they don't know? Help them level up!
Are your friends eager to protect their online accounts? Are you friends worried about the latest password breach? Show them how to enable two-factor authentication and try out the Security Education Companion's module. (And if you get in a conversation about data breaches like the one that happened to Equifax, point them toward our blog post about what Congress can do to protect against future breaches.)
Is your family member applying to schools or applying for jobs? Are they worried about prospective administrators and employers finding their social media accounts? Show them how to lock down their social media account settings!
Are your friends eager to get the holiday shopping deals, but are they annoyed by being tracked across their purchases? Show them how to install Privacy Badger.
Does your family member send sensitive information, like social security numbers or medical information, through text messages? Are they worried about someone accessing this information? Show them how to use an end-to-end encrypted chat app, like Signal.
As you are teaching your friends and family, you might encounter one of the following attitudes:
“I have nothing to hide, so why do I need to protect privacy?” “I am worried about my digital security to the point of being overwhelmed. I don't know where to start.” “I'm ready to take action, but not until I have a perfect handle on how all of these technical concepts fit together.” “There's no such thing as perfect security, so why even bother? If someone wants to hack me, they'll figure out a way to do it.”
If you're struggling with keeping them motivated to learn, try out some of these ideas.
Help your friends and family move into the new year with added security. Let us know how these lessons go by submitting feedback to the Security Education Companion, and by using the hashtags #TheSafestConversationYoullHaveThisHoliday or #BadgerYourFamily.
Nigel Farage has announced his resignation as leader of UKIP slightly earlier than usual this year.
Farage, who was Boris Johnson's second deputy in the recent referendum on EU membership, moved his resignation up a few months to get some all important air-time as he felt his profile was slipping.
Farage's resignations are a much-anticipated annual fixture on the political calendar, and he says he plans step down as the weather has brightened up and bit and he fancies some time in the beer garden before taking up the reins as UKIP leader again later in the year.
He told reporters that resignation would give him a chance to be ‘the real me', and somehow made it sound like an improvement.
Nigel went on to say that he intends to break the mould of ‘retired politician' by getting a jolly well-paid job as a talking head and soundbite-generator for daytime chat shows and political programming.
With any luck Russia Today and Iran's Press TV will offer him a juicy contract like they have done all the other gobshites in British politic, he added.
Breaking news: Nigel Farage has just told reporters he plans to stand as leader of UKIP gain immediately, citing a ‘criminal lack of leadership' since he left.
The Seattle chapter of the American Outlaws will take the lead in organizing U.S. men's national team support.
UPDATED: Thursday, Aug. 29, 2:26 p.m. ETAn American Outlaws official has informed Goal that the United States Soccer Federation and the American Outlaws supporters group will put the fan group's Seattle chapter in charge of all game day operations for all U.S. men's national team games.According to the official, leaders from the Seattle chapter were on a conference call with representatives from the U.S. Soccer Federation, the American Outlaw and local Columbus supporters groups to discuss the Seattle chapter's involvement in organizing the songs and chants in the official USA supporters section starting in Columbus on Sept. 10 in a match against Mexico. It was initially believed that their expenses for the trips would be covered by U.S. Soccer.However, both the USSF and AO have denied these claims."The reports that state U.S. Soccer and AO have put the Seattle AO chapter in charge of the supporters section for this game, or any in the future, is inaccurate," U.S. Soccer manager of communications Neil Buethe told Goal in an email.An American Outlaws statement read: "Neither the American Outlaws nor the US Soccer Federation are paying for any capo to fly to this game or any future game. The tifo at this crucial qualifier will be organized and run by AO Columbus and local supporters."Although the USSF has confirmed that a conference call did take place and there are several accounts of the call on several soccer websites and social networks, a U.S. Soccer representative said that there may have been some confusion regarding Seattle's involvement and that in no way did the federation agree to pay for travel costs.
He said the club is in the process of making improvements to the field, including replacing the goalposts, upgrading the existing bleachers, replacing the field and installing a scoreboard. He said the club has already secured private sponsors to help pay the costs.
“We will make this one of the best grass fields in the city,” he said.
Muraca said the club approached Tancredi first to see if she would agree to the honour.
In a letter to the subcommittee, Tancredi wrote: “I am honoured to have the committee review the request.”
Tancredi is a three-time Olympian. She was Canada's second leading scorer in the 2012 London Olympics, where the national team defeated France 1-0 for the bronze medal. In May 2015 she played in her 100th career match for Canada, and competed in her third FIFA Women's World Cup. She was part of the squad that won the 2016 Algarve Cup. Canada also won Olympic bronze in Rio in 2016.
Tancredi first competed with the senior national team in 2004 and scored her first international goal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Tancredi, 35, began playing soccer at the age of four. At Cathedral High School she played soccer, volleyball and track. She played for the under-19 provincial team and Burlington Sting Club, assisting the team in winning the Canadian title and Ontario Cup.
She attended the University of Notre Dame from 2000-04 and helped the Irish win the NCAA national championship in 2004. She graduated in 2005 with a bachelor of arts in premedicine and anthropology.
From 2004-14 she played professional soccer in both the United States and Europe. In early 2017 she retired from Canada's national team.
In 2014 she earned her masters in sports science and rehabilitation, and her doctorate of chiropractic from Logan University. She is a doctor of chiropractic practising out of two clinics in British Columbia.
Tancredi has returned to Ancaster to help run soccer camps, for youths ages 10 to 16, in June and September.
Count David Atkins, a regular contributor to Washington Monthly, among those not happy about the Senate's passage of the GOP tax reform bill, which would effectively kill the state and local income tax deduction — a move that would be felt most strongly in the pocketbooks of those living in high-tax (i.e., blue) states.
Democrats should implement a tax penalty on people in states that take more from the federal government than they give back. I'm not kidding. — David Atkins (@DavidOAtkins) December 2, 2017
That led to a liberal back-and-forth with Zack Kopplin, an investigator with the Government Accountability Project.
Uh no, you missed the point of this entire bill, which is not to give money to poor Republicans, but to take everyone's money and give it to the mega rich. https://t.co/yp5TfR2NEt — Zack Kopplin (@ZackKopplin) December 2, 2017
Only partly. One of the purposes of the bill was to make blue states scream in pain by killing state and local tax deductions, so blue staters will demand lower taxes. Red states to be incentivized to RAISE their taxes to meet their need. https://t.co/4oxFiBqZzZ — David Atkins (@DavidOAtkins) December 2, 2017
“Make blue states scream in pain.” Amazingly, even with that remark, Atkins doesn't even rank among the most apocalyptic tweeters who declared that America is dead following the bill's passage.
Clearly you haven't lived in Kansas or Louisiana or Oklahoma, these policies are basically designed to screw over poor minorities, and targeting states back would make it worse. There is a simpler way to do this which is just raise taxes on the rich. — Zack Kopplin (@ZackKopplin) December 2, 2017
Like the people who will hurt the most from this proposal are not the people you actually want to get revenge on. Punch up — Zack Kopplin (@ZackKopplin) December 2, 2017
I absolutely want revenge on middle-upper class white male Oklahoma suburban Trump voters making $70K in low-tax states, trying to force California to slash our education spending while taking our money. https://t.co/tlUA5Gi0ZI — David Atkins (@DavidOAtkins) December 2, 2017
He “absolutely” wants revenge on white male middle-upper class suburban Trump voters. There must not have been enough characters left to include “cisgender.”
I'm sure they're quaking in their boots at the moment. https://t.co/VpmvR4hqFg — Bohemio (@El__Bohemio) December 3, 2017
As an upper middle class Oklahoman that sounds like a threat! Bring it Nancy!! pic.twitter.com/VKiTLCU1BA — Rick Robinson (@RadioHostRick) December 3, 2017
Dude, you don't look like you're in any physical condition to make a threat. — David Atkins (@DavidOAtkins) December 3, 2017
Dude, you don't look like you're in any physical condition to make a threat. And you do?? ???? pic.twitter.com/nIoD5TJhVA — ☠Problematic AF™☠ (@EF517_V2) December 3, 2017
Maybe go fuck yourself instead https://t.co/qWyveF6jx9 — Not indifferent to meals (@robkroese) December 2, 2017
Moonbeam taking all your money, but you're mad at Oklahoma. LOL https://t.co/essc7d7a8C — Kyle Thomas (@TulsaTrucker) December 2, 2017
IDK, maybe if Governor Moonbeam didn't bankrupt the state on a high speed rail system that nobody wanted, there would be money for education and shit like the Oroville dam wouldn't be a concern. https://t.co/JBoRc2VvkX — Ordy's handcrafted Yule log (@TheOpulentAmish) December 3, 2017
I always love California clowns talking tough about action they will never take against folks from states like Oklahoma. https://t.co/NOyH5uQ5vR — EricEEE (@EEElverhoy) December 3, 2017
If you don't like the taxes in California you have the freedom to move to a state that has lower taxes. — Jeremy Row (@jrow9670) December 2, 2017
Stoo mooching, leech. — David Atkins (@DavidOAtkins) December 2, 2017
I'm also legitimately pissed about tax equity. I'm sick of rich red staters hobbling blue staters while stealing our money. — David Atkins (@DavidOAtkins) December 2, 2017
There is a reason why red states are wealthier,they are not run by Democrats. — Eric Sparfven (@BillovRights) December 3, 2017
Just some advice: no one head out to California looking for Atkins; you'd never survive.
You guys couldn't hack it out here for even a week. The freeways alone scare y'all half to death. — David Atkins (@DavidOAtkins) December 3, 2017
* * *
Related:
‘Drama queen' alert! Patton Oswalt's fury & despair over passage of a tax bill is unmatched
#GOPTaxBill MELTDOWN in progress: Will millennials take this drastic advice from Kurt Eichenwald?
Texting is more popular among girls than boys, the survey showed Texting has become the most popular form of communication among young people in the US, research indicates. The study, by the Pew Internet and American Life Project, suggests that texting has eclipsed mobile phone calls among teenagers for the first time. More than 30% of teens send more than 100 texts a day, it shows. Researchers say more payment plans offering unlimited texts have helped to create the surge in the US, which used to lag other parts of the world. 'Communication hub' The study found that two-thirds of teenagers is now more likely to text their friends than call them on the phone. Girls on average send or receive more texts than boys - 80 messages per day compared to 30. "Texting is now the central hub of communication in the lives of teens today, and it has really skyrocketed in the last 18 months," said Amanda Lenhart, a co-author of the report. "The widespread availability of unlimited texting plans has transformed communication patterns of American teens." "This is a shift in the location and style of teens' communication with friends, not necessarily a radical change or expansion of it," she added. The study's authors said teenagers preferred texting to phone calls because it could be carried out under the noses of parents, teachers or other authority figures. "We have kind of hit a tipping point where teens now expect other teens to respond to text messaging and to be available," Ms Lenhart said. "There is definitely an element of text messaging that fits so seamlessly into their lives." However, the study found that phone calls are still teenagers' preferred method for contacting their parents.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This Evidence Based article was written by Carly Dolan, CNT
Soups represent a quick and easy way to prepare a healthy start to a meal. Many of them can simmer on the stove while you are busy preparing the rest of the items. If you're just having soup they can be whipped up in a hurry and ready to eat in a matter of minutes. Best of all they are easy to keep healthy, since they rely heavily on vegetables and other wholesome ingredients. Here are enough healthy soup recipes to last you a month!
Photo: The Iron You
1. Tomato and Fava Soup – Tomatoes are widely known as being food that's really good for you, and the addition of fava beans gives added fiber. The other ingredients in this soup are very healthy for you, and what you're left with is a nice start to a meal, or even a quick meal all by itself. Any time you start combining foods that each have their own healthy properties, you end up making an even healthier hybrid.
2. Healthy Broccoli and Cheese Soup – This is one of those soups that you usually have to give up when you're watching what you eat because of the cheese and the cream. But here is a healthy version that will have you all of the flavor, without the guilt. This is suitable for plenty of diets, including Paleo, Vegan, and low-fat. The cheese is only used as a garnish, so you get to control the amount and type of cheese you use.
[AdSense-A]
3. Green Lentils With Coriander – Lentils are a food item that is often overlooked, but has plenty of health benefits, including added fiber. They are included in the book The Four Hour Body as a great slow carb. Turmeric is used and this is a superspice that has been shown to increase your metabolism. The coriander leaves add a nice flavor that your taste buds might not be used to.
4. Curried Butternut Squash and Pumpkin Soup – Squash and pumpkin combine here for plenty of fiber as well as a good helping of vitamins and minerals. It also uses milk for its creamy texture, and you can adjust the fat level as you see fit. The curry powder acts to give it a nice flavor, and overall this is going to have a silky consistency that makes it a joy to eat.
5. Multiple Personality Artichoke Arugula Soup – Artichokes are a wonderful food to eat, but it's sometimes hard to come up with ways to fit more into your diet. They use tofu in this, which will help to give it a nice creamy texture without using cream. The arugula is going to give it a burst of extra flavor, and should play nicely with the artichokes. Overall this is a healthy, hearty meal starter with no meat or animal products.
6. 5 Minute Miso Stew – Miso soup is a staple in Japan and there is plenty of supporting evidence showing how good it is for you. You just can't beat a soup that will be ready in five minutes, and that is also good for you. That's like healthy fast food! The trick is they're using a packet of miso soup mix, which makes the miso part really easy. Just add the other ingredients and you're all set.
7. Seasoned Indian Style Lentil Soup – If you're a fan of Indian food but don't know exactly how to make it, this is a good entry-level recipe that will have you making a soup that captures all of that flavor. Lentils go great in soup because they get nice and tender while they're simmering. They also add thickness to the soup so you really feel like you're having a meal.
Photo: Gourmandelle
8. Yellow Peas Creamy Soup – Usually you're told to try to avoid cream based soups when you're trying to be more healthy, but this is one you don't have to skip. The yellow peas give this a nice color and are the foundation, but they also end up adding a dollop of sour cream – you could use Greek yogurt instead – and they top it with croutons for a yummy addition and nice presentation.
9. Salmon & Cauliflower Soup with Egg – This is an interesting combination, using both fish and an egg together. It provides a big protein boost to your day, but also combines a starchy vegetable with the cauliflower, so you can eat this as a meal and feel satisfied for a long time. Onions and carrots get added to the mix, and round out this meal in a bowl.
10. Tomato Basil Soup with Grilled Cheese Croutons – Tomato basil is one of the more popular soups, and there's no denying that those two ingredients go well together. The surprise twist to this recipe is that you put a single cube of grilled cheese sandwich right on top. This gives the classic taste of grilled cheese dunked in tomato soup, but without the burden to the waistline that an entire grilled cheese sandwich provides. Be sure to follow the directions on the grilled cheese so it turns out picture perfect.
11. Minestrone Soup – Here's a classic soup that provides plenty of nutrients and vitamins, tastes great, and won't weigh you down. It's a very popular option for restaurants, and a great lead in to a meal. You've got carbs from the pasta, and plenty of vegetables and herbs in this. The only thing that's missing to make it a meal is a protein. A chicken breast would go nicely with it, if you wanted to round it out.
12. Flu FIghter Chicken Noodle Soup – When you or someone you love is not feeling good the last thing you want to do is spend a lot of time getting this feel-good food ready. This recipe not only keeps things really healthy, but it gets it ready in a matter of minutes so you can start the healing sooner. Studies have shown that the old wives tale of chicken soup helping a sick person actually has validity to it.
13. Quinoa and Kale Soup – Quinoa has really gained ground in recent years as far as its popularity goes. Combine it with kale, a superfood in its own right, and you're getting a good dose of protein, as well as the iron, vitamins, and detox properties kale brings. They've also come up with a nice mix of additional ingredients to make this a soup you'll return to again and again.
14. Roasted Vegetable Soup – Roasting the vegetables gives this soup tons of flavor, and also seals in all of the vitamins and nutrients from the veggies. The ingredients list reads like a who's who of extra healthy foods, and they also recommend topping this off with a lean protein if you want to have a satisfying meal. If not, it makes a great starter.
Photo: Chicken Recipe Box
15. Loaded Vegetable Chicken Soup – Bring on the vegetables! With the added chicken in this recipe you're getting a soup that can also serve as a meal. The veggies include broccoli, carrots, celery, and zucchini, but don't worry, there's still plenty of room for the chicken. Definitely good for cold winter days and flu season. Many chicken soups skimp on the vegetables, but you won't have that problem here.
16. Uncle Ron's Vegetable Beef Soup – With the beef included in this recipe you're going to get a good amount of protein, and with the vegetables you'll get fiber and plenty of nutrients. They recommend using lean ground beef. Go with a nice ground sirloin that's 90/10 and you'll be all set. The vegetables include spinach and carrots for a yummy hearty soup. This is the only soup recipe with beef on our list, and they do a great job with it.
17. Butternut Squash Soup With Roasted Red Pepper Puree – Here's an interesting flavor mix. You don't often see coconut added to a squash soup. The red pepper puree gives it a nice presentation, as well as a third taste that ties in well with the first two. Thyme and orange peel are used, which contributes to the anti-inflammatory effect of the soup.
18. Mung Bean and Kale Soup – Mung beans are great for helping to regulate your blood sugar levels, as well as working to lower your cholesterol levels due to the fiber they contain. You can't beat adding kale to this soup, as it brings with it all of its phytonutrients and other health benefits like extra iron and calcium, and is good for the heart. It's always nice to try new things, and if you haven't tried mung beans this is a good recipe to start with.
19. Miso Chicken Soba Noodle Soup – Soba noodles are made out of buckwheat, and offer a different taste than ordinary pasta. Miso is a popular soup in Japan, and has many reported health benefits. By using leeks and shiitake mushrooms you're making a soup that is much different than most of the other soups out there. Eclectic and healthy.
20. Paprika Spiced Cauliflower Soup – The paprika gives this an amazing amount of fiber, and cauliflower is a fantastic cruciferous vegetable that makes many top health foods lists. If you're worried that cauliflower can't carry the lead role, don't fret, there's also carrots and onions to help out and provide different textures. Overall this is going to provide you with a very tasty and waist-slimming starter to any meal.
21. Hot and Sour Soup – If you like to order this soup from your local Chinese food place, here's a way to get the same flavors without resorting to a soup that is high in fat. The use of Chinese mushrooms will make you feel like you're at a restaurant, and the tofu and bamboo shoots are replicating the flavors that you'd get if you had it delivered.
Photo: Tali's Tomatoes
22. Cherry Tomato and Pumpkin Laksa – Laksa is the name of a spicy noodle soup that is popular in places like Malaysia and Singapore. This variation keeps things very healthy by using cherry tomatoes and pumpkin as its core ingredients. With bean sprouts and tofu chunks you're getting a lot of nutrients packed into one bowl. It's interesting that they combined tomatoes and pumpkins, but it works!
23. Cream of Celery Soup – Celery is often thought of as a diet food, and few people like to eat it raw. This is a way to get the good things that celery has in it, without gnawing on a celery stalk. If you're concerned about the cream, don't be. It's made with Greek yogurt so it's less fat and has more protein. The olive oil drizzle as garnish really works for presentation.
24. Broccoli Pistachio Soup – Broccoli makes it onto our list of healthy soups a few time, and this is because it lends itself so well to soup form. There are several benefits to eating broccoli, and none of them are lost with this recipe. It also adds an interesting ingredient, pistachios, to give this a unique flavor, while also getting the health benefits from an often passed over nut. Overall a nice dish to enjoy before dinner, or as a hearty lunch.
25. Roasted Butternut Squash – Roasting the squash before adding it to this soup gives it a nice flavor, far superior to steaming it or microwaving it would. This increases the cook time, but it's worth the wait.
26. Creamy Butternut Squash and Anjou Pear Soup – Here's a recipe that's great for autumn days, or any time of the year. The addition of squash and pears is not entirely new, but it definitely works and packs a lot of flavor. Go with organic squash and pairs, since they make up so much of this dish. The cream is made with Greek yogurt and they even use egg whites so you know you're being good with this recipe.
27. Silky Spinach Soup – No one can argue that spinach is one of the best foods you can eat, but it's not always convenient to cook with it or use it as a side. This soup uses it as its foundation, so you know you're going to get a lot of nutrients from it. But it also contains protein and fiber to keep your body well-regulated. This is a soup that would make a nice side to a serving of a quality protein.
Photo: Feasting At Home
28. North African Carrot Soup with Chermoula – Carrots make it onto our sampling of healthy soups, and the combination of seasonings used in this are nothing short of spectacular. This is a dish that you can enjoy on your own or with your family, or use it for when company is over for dinner and you're sure to get compliments.
29. Roasted Red Pepper Soup – Red peppers contain a nice amount of flavor, and are actually green peppers that have fully ripened. They use cottage cheese to make the cream, a genius way to add protein to the soup, without adding the extra fat and calories that come with cream. The end result is a pretty soup that also tastes great.
30. 20 Minute Chicken Tortilla Soup – If you love to order tortilla soup at your favorite restaurant, here's a way to replicate that taste at home, and in just 20 minutes. This is one soup that you can eat as a meal if you increase your portion size, because it contains chicken for protein and veggies for nutrients.
It's really up to you how you want to use soup. It makes a great light meal on its own, especially if you pair it with a side of bread, or add a quality protein to it if it doesn't already have one. You can also use it as a way to prepare for dinner, by getting your digestive juices going. The hotness of it and the fact that it's easy to digest makes it a great meal starter.
LLVM Weekly - #192, Sep 4th 2017
Welcome to the one hundred and ninety-second issue of LLVM Weekly, a weekly newsletter (published every Monday) covering developments in LLVM, Clang, and related projects. LLVM Weekly is brought to you by Alex Bradbury. Subscribe to future issues at http://llvmweekly.org and pass it on to anyone else you think may be interested. Please send any tips or feedback to asb@asbradbury.org, or @llvmweekly or @asbradbury on Twitter.
News and articles from around the web
LLVM 5.0.0-rc5 has been tagged. The final release should happen any time now.
The paper submission deadline for the LLVM in HPC Workshop at SC17 has been extended to Sept 8th 2017.
Registration for the Women in Compilers and Tools Reception prior to the LLVM Dev Meeting is now open.
Kamil Rytarowski has summarised recent LLVM+NetBSD work.
On the mailing lists
LLVM commits
llvm-isel-fuzzer has been introduced. As the name suggests, this is a fuzzer for instruction selection. A follow-up commit allows it to be built without linking libFuzzer, and the commit messages notes this approach may be useful for other fuzzers to ensure in-tree fuzzers remain buildable. r311964.
A new pass, MergeICmps has been introduced. This turns chains of integer comparisons into memcmp and is disabled by default for now. r312315.
The Intel Haswell instruction scheduling information has been replaced and improved. This follows the previous work to replace and improve the Sandy Bridge scheduling information. r311879.
The scheduling model for the AMD Zen family has seen a large update. r312237.
A recent change resulted in a large increase in the number of build actions for an incremental build after a new commit. This behaviour is now avoided and llvm-config.h will now longer contain revision information. The LLVM_REVISION macro from llvm/Support/VCSRevision.h can be used instead. r312043.
A new handleExpected utility was added to LLVM's error handling library. r311870.
TableGen can now produce register info debug output using the --gen-register-info-debug-dump flag. r311913.
The Machine copy propagation pass has been improved. r312328.
MC-layer support for Armv8.3-A complex number instructions has been added. r312228.
The CodingStandards document has been updated to recommend the use of range-based for loops (this has been long-standing policy, the document was just out of date). r312236.
Clang commits
The virtual call checker from Clang static analyzer is now path sensitive. This work was done as part of Google Sumer of Code. r311877.
clang-format learned to indent preprocessor directives (depending on the value of the IndentPPDirectives configuration option). r312125.
clang-tidy now features a SignedBitwiseCheck which complains about bitwise operations on signed integer types, as required by the High Integrity C++ Coding Standard. r312122.
Other project commits
Earlier this month, Urban Engineers showed us what it's like to travel up the side of the Comcast Technology Center, treating us to terrifyingly beautiful views of Philadelphia from 59 stories above. Now, new photos of the skyscraper's interiors reveal more jaw-dropping views and offer a sneak peek of just how much work goes into building Philly's first super-tall building.
Photographer Beau Rosario of Philamedia Co. recently spent the past few months shooting inside of the tower for Dougherty Electric, the onsite electrical contractor. “I shot the first two sets around June and July this year, and the rest mainly in November and December,” Rosario tells Curbed Philly. “As someone who's only ever been a photographer, it's been particularly interesting to meet everyone in their trades and in their environment.”
Here are just some of the tremendous photos he captured of construction in progress, revealing gorgeous views and impressive interiors.
The Comcast Technology Center, designed by Foster+Partners, is expected to finish construction in 2018.
Most daughters would be proud of a mother on the verge of a historic election victory, but the prospect brings pain and dread to Zoilamérica Narváez Murillo, who says she fears the politics of her nation are becoming as destructively incestuous as that of her family.
Narváez is the outcast child of Nicaragua's first lady, Rosario Murillo, who is standing for the first time in this Sunday's election on the same ticket as her husband, the veteran Sandinista leader and national president Daniel Ortega.
Polls suggest the first couple will win by a landslide, prompting comparisons with the Underwoods in the TV drama House of Cards, outrage among an opposition who claim a rigged poll is cementing the power of an authoritarian dynasty, and despondency in their daughter.
Narváez claims Ortega, her stepfather, sexually abused her from the age of nine years old. When she went public with these accusations in 1998, her mother turned against her and led a campaign of denials that propelled the president's wife into a more powerful position both in her marital relationship and national government.
In the years since, Murillo has moved from the fringes to the centre of Nicaraguan politics. She is already de facto chief of staff, the main spokesman of the administration and a micromanager whose approval is needed for every ministerial interview or policy draft. The vice-presidency will formalise her power. According to Narváez, it will also complete a cynical trade-off.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rosario Murillo and Daniel Ortega at an event commemorating the 36th anniversary of the Sandinista National Liberation Front withdrawal to Masaya, in Managua, Nicaragua. Photograph: Esteban Felix/AP
“I feel like I was sold, that I was part of a transaction. Since I came out and revealed what happened, she has tried to eliminate the truth. It's part of an agreement she has with Daniel. She told him, ‘Don't worry, I'll deal with it',” Narváez told the Guardian. “She denied the sexual abuse of her daughter to prove her loyalty and maintain power. It was politics that motivated her.”
Ortega and Murillo did not respond to requests for an interview, but they have previously denied Narváez's accusations and argued that political opponents are trying to use them to undermine a popular government.
They are by no means the only allegations against the first couple, who have also alienated many former associates with their increasingly authoritarian leadership.
Nicaraguan president accused of nepotism over wife's VP ticket Read more
Ortega is accused of using his influence over the courts and the electoral council to overcome constitutional term limits for himself and to block the opposition alliance that came second in the last election – headed by the Independent Liberal party – from fielding their chosen candidates. Despite concerns about previous elections in 2008 and 2011, the president has ignored reform recommendations by monitors from the European Union and Organisation of American States (OAS).
“This is the moment of total collapse for the Nicaraguan democratic system. In the past 40 years, we have not seen an election that is less credible or more fraudulent,” said Dora María Téllez, founder of the breakaway Sandinista Renovation Movement, which was earlier stripped of its legal status. “Ortega controls the entire process – who can contest, who monitors the vote and how the count is organised.”
Like Ortega, Téllez risked her life for the Sandinista revolution. In 1978, she was among the leaders of a daring mission that seized the national assembly and took 1,500 people hostage, including most of the congressmen. This was a turning point in the struggle against the dictatorship of Anastasio Somoza Debayle and she hoped it would usher in a period of greater freedoms and social justice. But under Ortega, she says the country appears to be going backwards to an old system of a family dictatorship.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A man cycles past a Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN) local headquarters in Masaya, Nicaragua. Photograph: Rodrigo Arangua/AFP/Getty Images
Téllez said that as well as nominating his wife as vice-president, Ortega has ensured the first couple's children have dominant positions in the tourist industry, the media, and business with China (including over the currently stalled plans for a canal), while their in-laws run the police and oil distribution networks.
“The family of Ortega and Murillo have taken over the Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN) like a parasite, using their control to benefit their family. It is basically the same as what the Somozas did,” she told the Guardian, as a tropical rainstorm lashed the streets of Managua, the country's capital. “He's a representative of big capital. He and his family are now among the richest in Nicaragua. This is a profoundly corrupt system that completely betrays the principles of the Sandinista movement.”
But many voters remain loyal to the FSLN, which introduced free healthcare and education and more recent benefits – such as free Wi-Fi in city parks – that other governments failed to deliver to one of the poorest countries in Latin America.
With decades of experience, the first couple have also proved among the wiliest political operators in the region, building alliances with key sectors of society, pursuing business-friendly policies, and ruthlessly applying a strategy of divide and rule for their enemies, all the while ensuring an ever tighter grip on all branches of government and the election process.
Nicaragua is drifting towards dictatorship once again | Gioconda Belli Read more
The powerful Catholic and evangelical lobbies are happy the government has committed itself to strict anti-abortion laws, devoted public funds to church renovation, and that the first couple are running under a slogan of “Christian, socialist, solidarity” – which can be seen on pink and purple roadside banners across the capital. Corporations like the government's orthodox macroeconomic policy, relatively low crime rates compared with most other central American neighbours, and a GDP growth rate that has been ticking along at about 4.5% for the past two years, despite the sharp decline in financial support from Venezuela and a fall in commodity prices.
The result is some way from socialism or democracy, but it has proved resilient. While other leftist governments in Latin America have been pushed from power, lost key elections or come under pressure in the past year, Ortega and Murillo remain far ahead in the polls.
With the opposition denied or divided, there is no real contest so the strongest vote against the government is likely to come from the campaign for abstentions and deliberately spoiled ballots. It will be hard to know how effective this proves, however, because the result will be easy to manipulate without independent monitors.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Voters have remained loyal to Daniel Ortega and the Sandinista National Liberation Front. Photograph: Esteban Felix/AP
Concerns about the vote may lead to repercussions. The OAS has said it will issue a report on the electoral system six months from now. The United States Senate is also debating a bill – the Nicaragua Investment Conditionality Act (more widely known simply as NICA) – that would impose financial controls on the country if it restricts multi-party democracy.
She's the only one who talks. You don't hear other ministers. You almost never hear Daniel. Maria Fernanda Flores
But any punishment would come too late to affect the outcome, which means Ortega is almost certain to secure his third consecutive term, with Murillo becoming his vice-president. How much further she can go is now the subject of speculation, fired by unsubstantiated rumours her husband is unwell.
Some gossip that the old guard of the Sandinistas are manoeuvring to block her from taking over if Ortega died. Others believe Murillo – a poet – is already in the driving seat, due to her increasingly prominent role. It is her voice that updates the nation with a radio broadcast each lunchtime. It is her artistic tastes that have resulted in Managua's roadsides being adorned with numerous luridly coloured steel “trees of life”.
“I think she is more powerful than him,” said Maria Fernanda Flores, a Liberal opposition congressional candidate and wife of the former president Arnoldo Alemán. “She's the only one who talks. You don't hear other ministers. You almost never hear Daniel. You forget what his voice is like.”
Narváez, however, remembers. She said she was driven to exile in Costa Rica by the harassment she faced after her accusations, and that she cannot forget the violence in her family and the lies that followed so they could maintain power. She warned the country could be in for something similar.
“The abuser of a child captures, isolates and brainwashes their victim. That is what is happening to Nicaragua, which has a political system controlled by one family that denies opposition,” she said.
Molten salt reactor research develops class of alloys
08 February 2017
Share
Australian and Chinese researchers have made progress in understanding the mechanical properties of a new class of materials for use in molten salt reactors (MSRs). The Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation (Ansto) said yesterday that NiMo-SiC alloys - prepared from nickel molybdenum metal powders with added silicon carbide particles - have superior corrosion resistance and radiation damage resistance.
Although there are no commercial MSRs in operation, there is an MSR and thorium energy research and development program at the Shanghai Institute of Applied Physics (Sinap), with which Antso has a partnership agreement. A number of Ni-MoSiC alloy specimens containing varying amounts of silicon carbide were prepared in Sinap laboratories before being characterised at Antso.
"Structural materials for MSRs must demonstrate strength at high temperatures, be radiation resistant and also withstand corrosion," Antso said.
In a paper published in Materials and Design, researchers from the two organisations reported that NiMo-SiC alloys "possess superior mechanical properties owing to the precipitation, dispersion and solid-solution strengthening of the NiMo matrix".
The preparation includes mechanical alloying, spark plasma sintering, rapid cooling, high temperature annealing and water quenching.
"Although the dispersion strengthening benefits of adding silicon carbide particles to nickel had been known, it was not considered satisfactory for use in MSRs due to the low high-temperature strength," Antso said. This issue has been addressed in the newly developed NiMo-SiC alloys by the presence of nickel silicide nano-particles, which "fill the space between silicon carbide particles, and thus hinder the dislocation motion", it added.
These alloys are developed via a powder metallurgy process and the silicon carbide and nickel silicide are uniformly distributed within the NiMo matrix, it said. Such uniform distribution of silicon carbide particles would not be possible to achieve using standard metallurgy processes, it added.
"The strength of these alloys stems therefore from the combination of dispersion strengthening by silicon carbide particles, precipitation strengthening by nickel silicide and solid-solution strengthening by molybdenum," it said.
In addition, the NiMo matrix is strengthened by the presence of molybdenum atoms, which form the solid-solution of NiMo.
"As well as superior high-temperature strength, these newly developed alloys have superior corrosion resistance and radiation damage resistance," Antso said. "The nano-particles present in the microstructure not only provide the obstacles for dislocation motion, but also provide sites/traps for radiation damage effects," it added.
Researched and written
by World Nuclear News
Related topics
Update Oct. 7 , 1045 pm: Focus on the Family claims gender stereotyping programme carried out in S'pore schools is derived from trusted experts
Dear parents of junior college-going children, this is the kind of rubbish that holier-than-thou organisation Focus on the Family is dishing out in the name of sex education in Singapore schools.
1. Portraying females as dunderheads
2. Educating males about female doublespeak
3. Doing the exact opposite for males
4. Educating boys that “gals”, as Focus on the Family calls them, are emotional wrecks
5. Playing up more stereotypes of these “gals”
6. Playing up the insecurity of both genders
7. Announcing guys are slave to their hormones
And not as if young adults these days are going to take things lying down.
A 17-year-old junior college student, by the name of Agatha Tan, has decided to respond in the form of an open to her principal, Dr Hon, after sitting through a four-hour Ministry of Education-approved “It's Uncomplicated” workshop by Focus on the Family.
The junior college she is from is presumably Hwa Chong Institution, based on the principal's surname.
This is Agatha's well-articulated open letter posted on Facebook:
Here's a point raised by Agatha that you cannot ignore:
“FotF would have you believe that guys are slaves to their hormones and therefore girls should take their unwanted attention in their stride. When a “scantily-clad” girl walks past, for instance, a guy is sure to take notice because “no man with a pulse could have done otherwise” (page 26). It is precisely this kind of attitude that makes mothers warn their daughters not to wear short skirts and walk along the street alone at night, instead of warning their sons to be decent human beings and keep their eyes to themselves instead of appraising the female form like they own it.”
Related articles
15 questions about the Focus on the Family relationship programme debacle that badly need answers
Focus on the Family claims gender stereotyping programme carried out in S'pore schools is derived from trusted experts
If you like what you read, follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get the latest updates.
Share this article...
UPDATE: See Part II: Nashville Firefighters taking pics and selfies on scene? Also, the IAFF Local 140's response. Also, Nashville Fire Department: VIDEO! Stop the Engine! Stripping for a Drag Queen while on Duty! NEW: Tim Lankford says he was “So Disturbed” by the Gay Marriage Ruling that he can “Barely Even Function” at his job as District Chief!
Of all the Nashville Metro Departments to have issues with their employees and social media, the Nashville Fire Department seems to be leading the pack. Perhaps it's the typical ‘Type-A' personalities typically associated with being a firefighter, but they just can't seem to behave on social media. From Jake Caldwell, to Kenneth Kennedy, to Brennen (Martin) Tatum – and those are just a handful of the more public ones that residents probably know from memory. We're sure if we did an in-depth dive into the social media accounts of the roster of firefighters, we're probably found a LOT worse. Actually, we did that very thing – but first let's take a look at Nashville Fire Employee Breenen Tatum's recent interaction with a citizen.
“…why don't you confront her and ask her why she is taking 1-ply from the Porta Jon instead of hiding behind your blinds and blasting her on Fb like a bitch?…”
Those are just some of the words typed by Nashville Firefighter Brennen (Martin) Tatum. He is listed in the civil service record as “Brennen Martin” however on his social media accounts and his most recent state licensure, he lists his name as “Brennen Tatum”, except in the URLs where are permanently set as his name of Brennen Martin. We're not sure why he goes by two last names, but we'll go with Tatum, since that's his most recent.
The response was to a post in a group of over 20,000 East Nashville residents – and even though we, and you, may agree with his sentiment, when your profile is blasting the NFD all over it, it's probably not the best example to be setting when the department has a sorted history of social media disasters already. It is unclear if Brennen was on-duty when the message was typed, but we have filed a request to find out. Brennen must have realized his error, as he removed his rant against the East Nashville resident within an hour of it being posted – indicating he knew he should not be acting like that in a public forum while representing the Nashville Fire Department on his public profile – but not before it was sent to us in several screenshots. Remember, the internet is forever. The moment you hit post, even if you delete it seconds later, is long enough for someone to see and save what you said.
We have reached out to the Nashville Fire Department to get a copy of their Social Media Policy/Guidelines, or more specifically a copy of the ‘Nashville Fire Department Operations Procedures and Guidelines' and specifically section 1.48 “Smart/Cellular Phone; Camera and other Electronic Devise use policy” – which was used during the termination of Kenneth Kennedy, and also to find out if Brennen was on-duty during the time of the posting, which was Saturday night around 22:25 (05/21/16).
UPDATED 3PM: We have received a copy of the Nashville Fire Department's Social Media Policy, posted below:
Brennan's rage post got us wondering just how many other Nashville Firefighters & Medics (in employ of NFD) were posting similar things publicly, in spite of the departments storied history of employee's social media antics. To be fair, we ONLY looked at posts that were set to ‘PUBLIC' on facebook (there were many questionable posts on Instagram, but we'll have a future post on that), and the employee had to have ‘Nashville Fire Department' listed publicly as their current employer. In addition, to be absolutely sure we only included current employees, we further narrowed that search down to profiles that had publicly checked into a Nashville firehouse in the previous 60 days. What we found was a lot of check-ins at strip clubs, often several in the same week, all set to public, employees exercising bad judgement in their daily lives – not exactly a quality you look for in a medic/firefighter who has other people's lives in their hands daily. Here is just a small sampling of what we found:
Let's meet Tim Lankford – he's been the Nashville Fire Department's EMS District Chief since 1987! In all that time, he seems to be stuck in time – in a time when the earth was flat and evolution wasn't proven fact. Oh Tim – your posts have kept us laughing. This is what the upper management is, folks:
Tim has publicly threatened any transgender person, who happens to be in the restroom with his family, with BODILY HARM:
Tim doesn't believe in evolution:
Tim doesn't believe people that have religions other than his own should be able to shop with him:
He also thinks that president Obama is Muslim:
Of course, Time Lankford is a Trump Supporter:
Tim is “firmly planted” in his beliefs – despite what science says:
Let's meet Jerry Brown.
Jerry likes to visit the Strip Club – at 8AM.
Jerry also likes to visit the strip club – at 1PM.
Jerry would rather message back and forth via text and social media instead of paying attention to learn about new skills to save lives:
Jerry realizes that social media shouldn't be the place to blast work issues, but strip club check-ins are perfectly fine:
Jerry has a large fire engine with huge hoses that put out water at speeds you can't fathom, and would certainly knock a person down, and across a field. Yet Jerry would not drive his firetruck into a dangerous situation, like Cayce homes, for instance if there was a fire, or people needed help:
Oh damn, Jerry's at the strip club, AGAIN:
Did Jerry plan this training day? Doubtful since he prefers the other strip club, but possible:
Bad Judgement 101: Justin Hays. Speaks for itself.
Bad Judgement 102: Tant Dowell – because no one has ever had to call 911 from pulling their kids on a piece of inflated plastic or rubber behind a moving vehicle on ice, right? Parent of the year nominee?
Justin Lee Shelby is afraid of a smelly ‘shew kitty' patient? We won't even try to decipher that one:
Let's meet Jason Amburgey – Mr. February on the NFD Calendar – he got the beauty instead of the brains:
Jason has the ethics of, well, a thief:
Jason doesn't understand the meaning of transgender, and that everyone needs to pee:
Jason also has issues with certain words and aspects of races:
Jason has issues with nurses – imagine his excitement for the resident ride-alongs, i bet he takes vacation that week?:
Jason doesn't like working shifts in Hermitage, because of the number of continuous, back to back calls – he prefers a job at a house where he gets fewer calls, and doesn't have to work as much:
We could have spent several hours reviewing inappropriate posts by NFD Employees. While everyone has the right to say what they want, they also have to follow guidelines once they've listed NFD as their employer on their profile. They could remove that portion, set it to private, set the post to private, or many other things to mitigate the negative image they give to the Nashville Fire Department – which has had its share of issues and certainly doesn't need another social media scandal.
Share this: Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Peek Inside Breakroom Brewery View Full Caption
IRVING PARK — When it comes to building bars, woodworker Aaron Heineman is Chicago's go-to guy.
You can belly up to his handiwork at Revolution Brewing, Gale Street Inn and Old Town Social, among others, but Heineman's commission for Breakroom Brewery's 40-footer is perhaps his most important project to date.
It's certainly the most personal — Heineman is Breakroom's founder, president and CEO.
For every client who's ever told him "You wouldn't understand" the challenges of getting a bar up and running, Heineman can now answer, "Yes I do."
The genesis of Breakroom is right there in the name. The location, 2925 W. Montrose Ave., was the break room for Heineman Bar Company's employees (hence the brewery's saw blade logo), who served as some of the earliest taste testers of Heineman's home brewing efforts.
Patty Wetli says their fans are eager for the brewery to open:
And that's still the vibe Breakroom is aiming for when it opens, fingers crossed, by the end of January.
"It's a place to take a break after a hard day's work," said Dean Ordzowialy, general manager.
Brewing in a Fishbowl
Chicago's craft beer scene may seem crowded, but not to the folks of Irving Park and neighboring Albany Park.
"If you look down this strip, there's nothing here," Heineman, who lives just blocks away, said of Breakroom's location. "The people here are starving for a place to come. We have 6,000 fans on Facebook, and all 6,000 ask us daily when we're going to open."
Instead of attempting to nab shelf or tap space at liquor stores and pubs, which already are bombarded with craft beer offerings, Heineman will sell Breakroom's beers exclusively at the brewpub to start, the intent being to build a personal connection with customers.
"This is the only place you're going to find our beer, the only place you're going to find our culture," he said.
"We want to have people come in, meet great people and have an amazing experience," Ordzowialy added.
Head brewer Mike Pallen, who frequently bikes to work from his home in Park Ridge, plans to arrange his schedule so that he's occasionally brewing during the pub's hours of operation.
"Aaron's always wanted Breakroom to be a fishbowl," said Pallen, who some may know from his own venture, Mikerphone Brewing, or his days at 18th Street Brewery.
Windows will be cut into the brewery's walls to give patrons a glimpse into Heineman's adjacent woodworking operation (office staff work inside a tent, to keep wood dust off computers), and a large garage door will open onto Montrose, offering up Breakroom eye candy — fermenters, wood trusses, corrugated steel walls — to passersby.
Oh, and speaking of fishbowls, Breakroom will figure prominently in an upcoming Discovery Channel series on Heineman Bar Co., set to air sometime in the first quarter of 2015.
"They kind of stalked us," Heineman said of the cable network.
After years of saying no, he finally agreed to the filming.
"I'm looking to build and strengthen our business," he said. "I want to be able to share what we do."
'Bigger, badder, ballsier'
OK, let's cut to the chase. What about the beer?
Breakroom has eight 10-barrel fermenters and 10 "bright" serving tanks, with the capability to have more than 10 beers on tap at any one time.
Pallen, who early on promised his brews would be "bigger, badder and ballsier," has made nearly 100 test batches and previewed a good number of them at festivals, events and tap takeovers.
"I've been lucky to get my hands on some of the best hops," he said. "We'll come out of the gate with some heavy IPAs."
As a nod to the many young families likely to patronize Breakroom, Pallen is also brewing a house root beer — kids can join the root beer mug club for free.
Big on flavor — if a beer is advertised as a chocolate stout, he thinks you should be able to taste the chocolate — Pallen is a fan of single-hop beers that allow the uniqueness of each hop to shine through, and he also plans on producing sour beers.
For the latter, Breakroom acquired a white oak foeder (pronounced "fooder"), which is a large wood vessel used to hold wine.
Breakroom's foeder is contaminated with brettanomyces, a compound that's a "wine-maker's devil," Pallen said, but "will funk up the beer" in the best sense of the word. The foeder holds 550 gallons, and a beer can stew inside for a year.
'Trying to open as fast as we can'
Announced in 2013, Breakroom has been a labor of love and occasionally frustrating for Heineman, Pallen and Ordzowialy.
"We're trying to open as fast as we can," Ordzowialy said.
Budgets swell. Construction reveals the occasional surprise — like the need for all new plumbing — and city licenses and inspections always take longer than expected.
"The thing that keeps us going is Aaron's passion," said Ordzowialy.
"I'm doing exactly what I want to do," Heineman said. "My big philosophy is, if you're not enjoying what you do, what are you doing?"
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
IN SEPTEMBER 1961 a small hurricane called Esther swirled into being above the warm waters of the mid-Atlantic. It bore down on America's east coast, executed a graceful clockwise loop-the-loop off the shores of New York, then gusted up through Maine and into Quebec as little more than a squall.
Esther's place in history was not assured through its destructive power, although it did kill seven people when it brought down an American navy plane that was on route to Monrovia, in Liberia. It was, rather, the surveillance of Esther that made the storm famous, for this was the first hurricane to be discovered from space. Tracking began after the third Television Infrared Observation Satellite (TIROS-3), an early meteorological satellite launched by the United States, spotted precursor thunderstorms in the eastern Atlantic, southwest of the Cape Verde Islands.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
America's suite of hurricane sensors has grown since 1961. The current Atlantic hurricane season, which began on June 1st, sees the country running a stack of instruments that reach from orbit to a kilometre beneath the ocean. TIROS-3's successors keep a constant watch on storms' tracks and sizes. Gulfstream jets fly over and around storms, dropping sensors into them to measure wind speeds. Propeller-driven planes fly right into storms, measuring their properties with radar and its modern, laser-based cousin, lidar. Unmanned drones fly in even deeper. And floats, buoys and aquatic drones survey storms from below.
All of the data these machines gather are transmitted directly to computer models which are used to forecast two things. The first is what track a hurricane will follow, and thus whether, where and when it will make landfall. The second is how much energy it will dump on North America if it does indeed cross the coast—a value known as its intensity.
An object of intense scrutiny
Of these two variables, intensity is by far the harder to predict, according to Paul Reasor of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), an American government agency. Dr Reasor is the field director of this season's research programme. He says that how and why storms intensify rapidly is the big unanswered question in hurricane forecasting. Finding an answer is important because rapidly intensifying storms have the greatest potential to cause damage and offer the least amount of time for preparation and evacuation on shore.
Conversely, a better understanding of intensification would also help ensure that evacuation orders are not issued needlessly. In 2011, for example, Hurricane Irene (pictured above) made landfall with far less intensity than predicted, after it ran into a pool of cold water that sapped its energy. Warnings that turn out to have been overblown may undermine public confidence in the forecasters. That could be risky when people really need to evacuate.
The reason a hurricane's intensity is hard to predict, whereas forecasting its track is reasonably easy, is that the things which influence a storm's course occur on a larger scale, and are thus simpler to measure, than those which affect its strength. The direction of the wind in the jet stream, a high-altitude circumpolar air current, plays a role in steering a storm, as do regions of high and low pressure around it. Satellites and high-altitude planes can measure both of these phenomena easily.
In contrast, many of the factors that contribute to intensity are tucked away in a storm's heart, where lack of light (both visible and infra-red) means it is difficult to make measurements. Winds there can have wildly different speeds and directions at different altitudes, a phenomenon known as vertical wind shear. This pulls energy out of a storm, acting as a brake. Pools of dry air tucked deep inside a storm have a similar effect, and are tricky to spot even with radar. Measuring all of these properties means getting sensors deep inside a hurricane. And sensors are needed, too, in the ocean ahead of a storm, for another thing that affects intensification is the temperature of the sea in the storm's path.
Advances in automated sensors, both those that fly and those that swim, are making it possible to gather more data from both of these places. This season, for example, will be the first in which a constellation of microsatellites called CYGNSS (Cyclone Global Navigation Satellite System) watches storms as they roll in towards the east coast. The eight-satellite swarm, which was launched in December, listens for radio signals that come from GPS satellites directly above it in space, and for the same signals when they have been reflected from the ocean's surface beneath the hurricane being studied. Differences between the reflected signal and the original are a consequence of the state of that surface, and CYGNSS can use them to infer wind conditions there.
Satellite measurements like this are useful, but it also helps to get as close as possible to the hidden bottom kilometre of a storm. NOAA is doing this with drones called Coyotes, built by Raytheon, an aerospace company. Coyotes are released from tubes in the bellies of NOAA's research planes, then piloted remotely in order to gather data from the region in a storm that is just above the ocean's surface. The data the drones collect complement those from dropsondes, which are sensors that are pushed out of the same tubes and plunge down through a storm like bombs, transmitting as they go.
The research planes have also started using a device called a Doppler wind lidar to measure a hurricane's moisture content more accurately. Radar, a standard instrument on these planes, works at radio frequencies, which means it is reflected only from large drops of water. Lidar's use of light, which is also reflected by small—even microscopic—drops, paints a more accurate picture of the way moisture is distributed within a storm.
Engine room
What happens in the water beneath the storm is crucial, too. Hurricanes gain energy from warm water as they pass over it. But placing probes in front of a hurricane is a risky and expensive business. “You have to call up ships and get captains to say, ‘Sure, I'll head out towards the hurricane',” says Glen Gawarkiewicz, a research scientist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, in Massachusetts. Unsurprisingly, many mariners are reluctant to do so.
A new instrument called ALAMO (Air-Launched Autonomous Micro Observer) solves the problem. It was designed by MRV Systems, a Californian company, and will be used at Woods Hole by Steve Jayne and his colleagues. It is intended to be launched out of the belly of an aircraft, in the way that dropsondes and Coyotes are. ALAMO parachutes into the ocean in front of a hurricane. Once there, it starts a cycle of descent and ascent, gathering a profile of the sea's top kilometre as the storm passes over it. Dr Jayne is currently stationed at Keesler Air Force Base in Biloxi, Mississippi, preparing his instruments for this season's battle. He says that they might drop two or three of the probes on a good flight. Each would then gather about 150 up-and-down profiles as the storm passes over, sending data on temperature and salinity back to Woods Hole and NOAA's National Hurricane Centre via satellite. That ALAMO can be deployed this way is crucial to its success. Other sensors, such as Argo, are too big to fit in the launch tube, and must be pushed out of an open tailgate—an impossibility during hurricanes.
Every storm that rolls in from the Atlantic this summer will thus be trailed by planes, punctured and scanned by dropsondes and drones, scrutinised from space by satellites, and monitored from the depths by floats like ALAMO. All the data these probes collect will be pushed immediately into models that help the National Hurricane Centre predict where storms will go and how strong they will be. In the longer term, those data will also shed light on the atmospheric and oceanic physics that underpin intensification, making better forecasts possible in the future.
Correction: This piece has been modified to explain the role of MRV Systems in the design of ALAMO
A former Navy sailor whose conviction and imprisonment for taking photos inside his nuclear submarine were criticized by candidate Donald Trump has been released - and the one-time mariner is now hoping President Trump will follow through with a pardon.
Kristian Saucier, 30, was convicted in 2016 of unauthorized retention of national defense information, which is a felony, and received an "other-than-honorable" discharge from the Navy. He had faced up to 10 years in jail.
In his first interview since leaving a Massachusetts jail Wednesday morning, Saucier told Fox News that his decision to take pictures 10 years ago was immature and showed poor judgment, but that he meant nothing more than to preserve memories of a job he was deeply proud to have.
“It was a mistake,” Saucier said. “Everyone I know in the military takes pictures, not for some nefarious purpose, but so they can have them so they can one day look back and be proud.”
Saucier believes he was an easy target for federal authorities who felt pressure to punish breaches involving classified information. He hopes that President Trump will follow through on indications he gave during his campaign -- and earlier this year – that he might give Saucier a pardon.
In June, however, he got a letter denying him permission to file a pardon request.
The White House declined Wednesday to comment on the matter.
They made me out to be this villain, and felon. I feel like I was a sacrificial lamb. I never leaked anything, they used me to make an example. They prosecuted me to the full extent of the law. — Former Navy sailor Kristian Saucier
“Hindsight is 20-20, so I wouldn't take the pictures” if had to do it all over again, the former sailor said. “But I don't feel guilty. I know I didn't do it for the wrong reasons.”
Saucier is home now, where he plans to celebrate his daughter's second birthday on Thursday, and is looking forward to embarking on a normal family life.
But he has to wear an ankle monitor for several months and stick to a curfew. Then for an additional six months, he will be allowed to venture out to work -- under strict supervision.
Saucier said he has not lost hope that Trump will grant him a pardon, although he is bewildered by the June letter indicating otherwise.
"I was hopeful at the beginning, after that I went on an emotional roller coaster," he said. "He was very vocal, his campaign invited my mother to Trump Tower about it last year. But then nothing happened. We were never contacted by anyone at the White House" after Trump's election.
Many political leaders and conservatives criticized the prosecution and punishment of Saucier, calling it overzealous and hypocritical when compared to how former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton allegedly mishandled classified emails without penalties. Many also drew comparisons between the judicial pursuit against Saucier and President Obama's sentence commutation and pardon of former Army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning, who served some six years of a 35-year sentence for intentionally leaking classified government and military documents to the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks.
Manning accepted responsibility for leaking the material to WikiLeaks to raise public awareness about the effects of war on civilians.
“They made me out to be this villain, and felon,” Saucier said of prosecutors. “I feel like I was a sacrificial lamb. I never leaked anything. They used me to make an example. They prosecuted me to the full extent of the law.”
I know in my heart that I served this country with pride. I gave 11 years of my life in the Navy defending this great country. No matter what they put on paper, nothing will change that. — Kristian Saucier
“Perhaps if my spouse had met with [then-U.S. Attorney General] Loretta Lynch on the tarmac, I'd never have gone to prison,” Saucier said, referring to former President Bill Clinton's controversial meeting with Lynch on a plane in Phoenix last year that drew criticism because the Justice Department was in the midst of investigating Clinton's private email server.
During Trump's campaign, he balked at how Saucier's actions on the nuclear submarine were handled by prosecutors.
“They took the kid who wanted some pictures of the submarine,” Trump said in a campaign stop. “That's an old submarine; they've got plenty of pictures. If the enemy wants them, they've got plenty of them.”
Then, earlier this year, Trump said in a televised interview with Fox News host Sean Hannity that he was examining Saucier's case for a possible pardon. He contrasted his punishment with the FBI's decision not to charge Clinton for using her personal email server while she was secretary of state.
“I think it's very unfair in light of what's happened with other people,” Trump said.
The Westminster Quarters is the most common name for a clock chime melody used by a set of four bells to chime on each quarter-hour. The number of chime sets matches the number of quarter hours that have passed. It is also known as the Westminster Chimes , from its use at the Palace of Westminster , or the Cambridge Quarters [1] from its place of origin, the church of St Mary the Great, Cambridge .
The melody consists of four different permutations of four pitches in the key of E major plus one arrangement omitting B 3 and repeating E 4 (3). The pitches are B 3 , E 4 , F♯ 4 and G♯ 4 .
The notes used are:
G ♯ 4 , F ♯ 4 , E 4 , B 3 E 4 , G ♯ 4 , F ♯ 4 , B 3 E 4 , F ♯ 4 , G ♯ 4 , E 4 G ♯ 4 , E 4 , F ♯ 4 , B 3 B 3 , F ♯ 4 , G ♯ 4 , E 4
played as three crotchets (quarter note) and a minim (half note). These are always played in the order 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and each set is used twice every hour. Set 1 is played at the first quarter, sets 2 and 3 at the half, sets 4, 5 and 1 at the third quarter, and sets 2, 3, 4 and 5 at the hour, as follows:
First quarter: Half-hour: Third quarter: Full hour (3 o'clock example):
The full hour chime is followed by one strike for the number of the hour by Big Ben (E 3 ) (one strike for one o'clock, two strikes for two o'clock, and so on).
In other words, the cycle of five (1, 2, 3, 4, 5) is played twice in the course of an hour. For a clock chiming mechanism, this has the advantage that the mechanism that trips the hammers need only store five sequences (1, 2, 3, 4, 5) instead of ten. The mechanism then plays two complete sets of five sequences for each complete hour. In musical terms, the first and third quarters finish on the dominant (B), whilst the second and fourth quarters (the half and full hours) finish on the tonic (E). This produces the very satisfying musical effect that has contributed so much to the popularity of the chimes. Note that the pitch of the Big Ben clip is closer to F than E in modern concert pitch.
Would a Source Four by any other name light so sweet? That's the type of question that keeps some of us at ETC up all night.
At some point in ETC's 40 years of product manufacturing, you must have had a strong reaction to the name we chose for a new product, whether you absolutely loved it or wondered why in the world we picked that name.
You're not alone.
Naming a new product can be a challenge, especially finding one that everyone loves. We know that if you're spending hours a day using a product, and saying its name over and over, you want it to be something you're comfortable with.
Typically at ETC, a product will be given a code name while it's in development. We try to get products named quickly, so the code name doesn't stick, but there are quite a few products that kept their code names after being leaked. That's why – in an effort to keep the real name out of meeting minutes – the R&D department uses the code name until the official launch.
Next, the product manager typically gathers a team to select the real name of the product. We spend a good deal of time Googling the themes we have for a product or product family, and scouring thesauruses, encyclopedias of mythology, Latin dictionaries, and astronomical maps for something that catches our eye. Then we take the important step of running the name through Urban Dictionary… just to be on the safe side. Sometimes we'll hold a competition and get user suggestions for product names. (Console McConsoleface, anyone?) In some cases, we'll go back to our roots and reuse a name from a previous product (think: Irideon, ColorSource, Response, etc.).
The entire process can take a very long time, with hundreds of names getting scrapped along the way. Although rare, occasionally we'll settle on a name instantly, which is the cause for celebration. Most of the time, we select a name when someone gets a stroke of genius and tosses out a suggestion. Senior Product Manager Specialist Sarah Clausen aptly describes our product naming process: “Sometimes it's inspiration; sometimes it's perspiration; and sometimes it's desperation.”
Once we've created a shortlist of names, we'll check with the trademark office to see if any of them are available for us to use. Then we have the agonizing process of settling on one name, bringing it to market, and crossing our fingers that the industry likes it.
There are some entertaining, interesting and even surprising stories from our history of how some of our products got their names. In this blog post, you'll get the scoop on where the names of your favorite and not-so-favorite products came from, told in first person by some of the people who have been through the naming process.
Source Four
David Lincecum, vice president of marketing:
The name is extracted from the four-filament source used in the fixture. Everyone thought it was perfect, and that it was a “sticky” name that people would relate to. Anne [Valentino] was jealous at the time, because they were naming the Obsession and couldn't come up with anything!
Obsession
Anne Valentino, senior controls product manager:
In 1990, Fred [Foster, ETC CEO] wanted an ETC desk to be used on Broadway, which at that time used only Strand LightPalettes. ETC was developing a new console, which was code-named Obsession, because lighting designers were “obsessed” with the way a LightPalette worked.
We held a contest for employees to name the new desk, and former Southwest Regional Sales Manager John Massey suggested “Praxis.” We all loved it. But I introduced it to a group of people and they laughed at it. It turns out that Praxis is the name of a moon that exploded on an episode of Star Trek. So that was out.
By then, the code name had gotten out into the world. [Vice President of Sales] Mark Vassallo finally made the call to go with the code name, so the desk officially became “Obsession.”
Eos
Anne:
We almost went to market with the code name, Onyx, because we really liked it, but there was a sound board on the market with that name. It had just launched and was at all the tradeshows.
In the end, it was [former Senior Communications Specialist] Patricia Bornhofen who had a stroke of inspiration and came up with “Eos,” the goddess of dawn, which fit the mythological theme we had for the desk.
“Eos” also fit my requirement that the name be short. Everyone shortens the names of products, like “Obsession” is “Obs,” “Virtuoso” is “Virt,” and “Source Four LED Series 2 Lustr” is “Lustr2.” To prevent people from shortening them to something else, the names of the desks in the Eos family had just three letters.
Congo
Sarah Clausen:
“Congo,” the working name, slipped out. Back then, all our products had color names: Eos was Onyx, Revolution was Magenta, and Congo was Congo. We still have some spare parts sitting around the factory that have those names on them.
We worked and worked to come up with a better name. We had phone conferences, get-togethers, and brainstorming sessions. At one point, we had committed to calling the desk “The Avab Board by ETC.” (Seriously.)
We were also trying to figure out what color the desk would be. There was an industrial design image of a green/yellow Congo. We even built a red Congo board, which is now hanging in software developer Lars Wernlund's garden as a giant fidget spinner. That desk now serves a greater purpose: keeping children entertained!
During a teleconference, we finally just said, “Let's go with Congo.” The color of the desk was decided by its name, which also carried forth to the Cobalt product line.
Unison
David:
Back then, all products in R&D were given numbers. Unison was called the P80 processor. We were working with Disney on the Animal Kingdom park, which used a Unison system. It was our first big, modern-day, park-wide control system. All the boxes on the drawings of the park's system were labeled as “P80.” The name stuck there. There are some veteran Disney employees who still call it “P80,” because it became engrained in their memory.
Gio @5
Anne:
We sweated forever over this one. It was an active project for more than a year. We had a long list of names that we narrowed to a short list for a trademark search. It came down to the wire and we were so late in naming it. We needed to decide so we could get labels made for the launch.
I was going to have a teleconference with a small group of people and thought to give the list to [marketing communications specialist] Kate Foster. Half an hour before the meeting, she talked to [field project coordinator] Nick Gonsman, and asked: “When you want to set a channel to Eos at 50%, what do you say?” He replied: “You say ‘@5.'” Kate added “Gio @5” to the list of names and sent it out.
That name kept sticking out in the meeting. It had never been discussed and we didn't know where it came from. We spent about half an hour hashing it out, and it became the name. After a year of struggling, we named it in half an hour!
Ion
Sarah:
Ion was supposed to be the last Expression-family console, before it was added to the Eos family. Tim Guion [of the Lumenpulse Group] and I were sitting in a pub near the New York office, chatting back and forth over lunch about what to call the thing. He joked about the fact that most of the desks in the Expression family end in I-O-N, so why not call the desk “Ion.” It stuck.
When we decided to retire the Expression line, we kept the name. It fit the three-letter naming format of the Eos family, so it worked.
Sensor+
Ellen White, outreach and training specialist:
We were lazy with this one. When the second generation of Sensor dimmers was being developed, we were going around with “Sensor2” forever. John Hainsworth, our product graphic designer, was adamant that we not name it that. He wanted to do something with a plus sign, because there was something in the computer world at the time with a +. He jumped on it and designed the curvy plus sign that's part of the logo.
Express
Ellen:
We had a contest for this desk. We went around and around, with tons of names thrown out. Then former R&D manager Jon Ide said: “It's just a short Expression. Let's call it ‘Express.'” We looked at him and said: “Done!”
EDLT
David:
This falls into the category of product names we got wrong. We wanted to call it the “High Definition Lens Tube,” but [Outreach and Training Specialist] Tom Littrell thought that might give the impression that the rest of our lens tubes are low definition. We really missed on that one, because we overthought it. Everyone still calls it the “High Definition Lens,” though.
Good Idea
Anne:
I was working at Strand when the Idea console came out. Everyone at the time was trying to design product platforming, where common components are used to build an entire product series. No one had pulled it off. We didn't do it at Strand. Colortran didn't do it. Then this little company in Wisconsin comes out with this product family that all had the same software, the same components inside, with variations in physicality. Today that sounds like a given, but in the eighties, it was something everyone talked about, but no one had managed to do.
Ellen:
The naming was due to the breadth of the product line. The line started with Concept, which was meant to be the biggest, most grandiose thing, and then the desks got smaller to represent the size of your idea. It went Concept, Expression, Impression, Insight, Idea, Vision, and MicroVision. We also considered “Notion,” because it's the smallest idea you can have.
It was brilliant from a naming perspective, but no one could remember which was which. No one knew if Expression came before Impression, or how Vision and Microvision were different.
Sarah:
The channel count and color of the knobs were the only differentiators between those desks. The faders were all the same. They all had 24 faders, except Insight, which had 108 faders.
Ellen:
Then we came out with the second series: Insight 2 and Insight 2X. They were named that, because Insight 2 had one level wheel and one monitor, and Insight 2X had two wheels and two monitors. They faded out of the market quickly.
Bad Idea
Ellen:
When ETC bought LMI, they had a console called “Acclaim.” It was a small, two-scene preset console. We needed a new one, but due to a lack of resources, we didn't do it in house. Instead, it was developed by someone in the industry that was recommended by [Vice President of R&D] Steve Terry. We got the console and were playing with it, when Fred [Foster] suggested we bring back the name “Idea,” because it was going to be at the bottom of the Expression family. So we came out with Idea 24, 36 and 48.
It wasn't a well-designed console and didn't fit into the family. It totally left video out, so it didn't have a monitor with it. We had to add it later, but it didn't work well, because of the motherboard that the developer chose for the console. It was a bad choice to go outside the company to develop it.
Sarah:
We sold a lot of them. At the time, we would sell Expression-family consoles with Acclaims as backups. When Acclaim went away, Idea took its place. It caused a lot of confusion, because all of a sudden you had a patchable backup desk. It sort of tracked, but it was completely different than what an Expression user was used to.
Ellen:
It also caused trouble for Tech Services that we kept the name “Idea,” because there were still original Idea consoles in the field. They'd get calls from people about their Idea console, and they'd have to figure out which one they were talking about. Instead of referring to them as “Old Idea” and “New Idea,” we started calling them “Good Idea” and “Bad Idea.”
Fun fact:
Our first video tutorial was about the Idea console. We pulled the VHS tape out of our vault and shared it in our YouTube Video Library. Click below to enjoy the good old days of 3.5” disk drives and optional giant monitors. You won't want to miss the glorious nineties fashion and super high-tech graphics. Another bonus: you can finally learn what “LCD” stands for. Get ready to learn how to patch two whole shows on one disk!
Smart family
Ellen:
When we purchased ARRI GB in 1995, they had products called “SmartPack” and “SmartRack.” [Technical Director of R&D at ETC Ltd] Adam Bennette worked for ARRI, and when he joined ETC, he said: “Let's go with SmartPack again.” There was some resistance, because it was already an existing product, but we decided that because no one in the US was familiar with the desk, we'd be okay with that name. It was a bit of a problem for Tech Services in Europe, because they'd have to ask customers who called in if they had an old SmartPack or a new SmartPack.
Sarah:
SmartFade ML was supposed to be “SmartMove,” but right when we were going to announce it, Apollo ‘stole' the name and came out with the Smart Move gobo rotator.
It's been difficult to come up with names for the Smart family, because so many companies have come out with “Smart” stuff.
Ellen:
Don't forget that we have a “DumbBar,” too. That's a SmartBar with nothing in it. It's just a bar to hang fixtures.
Nomad
Sarah:
We haven't had to change product names very often, but Nomad is one. We did patent searches and everything, and thought that “Nomad” was safe. It wasn't, because Stage Technologies had a Nomad controller. There was a concern about which product would come up first in Google search results, so we changed “Nomad” to “ETCnomad.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>><<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
There's your backstage peek into the history of ETC product names. I'll leave you with the answer to a question I know you've asked at some point: ELTS2, CEM3, cRRFU, EBDK, iRFR… What's with all the acronyms?
The truth? They're so much simpler than coming up with a product name. “Second-Generation Emergency Lighting Transfer System” gets the point across immediately and “ELTS2” is so much easier to say. What else would you expect from a company called “ETC?”
A couple of years ago, a community garden in my Chicago neighborhood got the boot. A university owned the land, and even a determined grassroots campaign could not stop it (cue Joni Mitchell) from turning 140 bountiful plots into a parking lot. The eviction, and similar ones taking place nationwide, highlights one of the biggest challenges facing urban agriculture: a lack of land tenure.
The story of displaced urban gardens is nothing new. Remember L.A.'s doomed South Central Community Farm? Or Rudy Giuliani's 1999 fatwa on community gardens?
In the past, protests have coalesced around the threatened farm or garden. Now, a loose coalition of scholars and activists is taking a different tack. They're proactively surveying gardens in New York, Philadelphia, and Chicago in hopes that hard data — servings harvested, revenues earned, and more — will make landlords think twice before summoning the bulldozers.
In New York, a geographer named Mara Gittleman is completing the third year of a garden survey called Farming Concrete. Gittleman recruited volunteers, mostly gardeners, to record the weight of the harvest (using kitchen scales) and the number and type of plants being grown. In 2010, the survey's first year, she found that 67 New York gardens yielded 87,690 pounds of food, with an estimated value of $214,060.
Of course, 67 is a relatively small percentage of the total number of community gardens in New York; one estimate puts the number at 500. Gittleman's count, though far from comprehensive, shows that garden surveys are both possible and relevant. “Once gardeners know the monetary value of their produce,” Gittleman says, “they can leverage these figures to gain visibility, access funding, and build capacity to grow even more.” Her findings have been a jumping-off point for sophisticated advocacy efforts like a research project out of Columbia University called The Potential for Urban Agriculture in New York City.
In Philadelphia, a garden survey is being driven by hopes of connecting threatened gardeners with legal aid. This July, I spent a morning with two University of Pennsylvania students, Michael Paci and Swaroop Rao, attempting to count the city's community gardens. They were doing it the old-fashioned way, by visiting every single garden.
Squatter gardens are common in Philadelphia. On the way to the target neighborhoods for the day, we passed scores of illegal vegetable plots, sometimes six or seven to a block. Though some had been tended for decades, they had recently begun to wane. A 2008 study found that the number of community gardens in Philadelphia was declining, despite rabid interest in urban agriculture.
Paci and Rao's job was to determine whether the drop was continuing. Paci navigated a labyrinth of alleys and narrow one-ways while Rao penciled details on a xeroxed map. “This is essential knowledge, but it's really hard to get,” Paci said over his shoulder. “If you don't see someone at the garden, there is no way to call them. It's difficult to follow-up.”
Along Ridge Avenue, a thoroughfare in north Philly, we pulled over to inspect several squatter gardens tucked between storefronts. As luck would have it, one of the gardeners, a Barbadian handyman named Dale, popped up. Dale showed us where he had painstakingly dug through the asphalt of a vacant lot to create room for hot peppers, cucumbers, and sweet potatoes. After explaining the survey, Rao interviewed him. How old was his garden? Who did he share the produce with? Where did he get water? …
Paci and Rao turned their survey data over to Amy Laura Cahn, a young attorney at the Public Interest Law Center of Philadelphia who hopes to build a practice around gardeners like Dale. She championed the survey as part of her Garden Justice Legal Initiative, which provides pro bono representation to gardeners facing eviction.
“Gardeners are Philadelphia's vacant land stewards,” says Cahn. “Yet from a policy perspective, the city still views urban agriculture as a temporary activity.”
“The surveys project helps tell both stories — of the resurgent interest in gardens and the continued need to preserve them.”
Specifically, the research has revealed improving conditions for Philadelphia's community gardens. “Gardens and farms have increased by over 100 in the past four years,” Cahn says. The survey data will help her make a legal case for gardens across the city.
These surveys add to a large body of research on the benefits of gardening on vacant land. A recent study by another University of Pennsylvania researcher found that planting gardens on empty lots reduced violence in the surrounding area. Further research is needed to tell whether it's the gardeners themselves or their plants that are driving away gangbangers.
Like Cahn, another survey organizer sees a close tie between counting gardens and protecting them.
“We have to be able to demonstrate the power of gardeners as a constituency,” says Ben Helphand, who will lead a survey of more than 300 Chicago gardens in 2013. His team will use scales to tabulate harvest totals, as Gittleman did in New York. It will also complete in-depth studies of six representative gardens.
Helphand directs a nonprofit, NeighborSpace, whose mission is to safeguard Chicago's community gardens. He expects the survey data will provide NeighborSpace — and agtivists in general — with a significant new tool.
“Elected officials listen to groups,” says Helphand. “We know there are thousands of community gardeners out there, but we've got to be able to prove it if we want to put policies that support urban ag in place.”
Tony Blair has come under fire after claiming the violent insurgency in Iraq is not the result of the 2003 invasion to topple Saddam Hussein.
In a renewed call for military action, the former Prime Minister said the crisis unfolding in the country was instead the "predictable" result of the West's failure to intervene in Syria.
But his comments have met with scathing criticism from figures across the political spectrum, including the former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ming Campbell, a member of the House of Commons Intelligence Select Committee, who argued that Mr Blair to suggest the 2003 invasion had no effect on the current situation "flies in the face of common sense".
His former deputy prime minister Lord Prescott and ex-international development secretary Clare Short, Scotland's First Minister Alex and Salmond Sir Christopher Meyer, who was Britain's ambassador to the US from 1997 to 2003 also added their voices to the chorus of his criticism over his Iraq comments.
Tumblr's GIF artists are upset, and rightfully so: Their works are being pulled off the Web due to rogue copyright claims signed by a man who claims to have spent the past 30 years channeling an alien from the future.
At least nine artists say that in recent months, their original works have been taken down from Tumblr, replaced by a DMCA notice. The 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act created a system whereby any website that wants to host user-submitted content—Tumblr is a prime example—is incentivized to immediately take down material that allegedly infringes on someone else's copyright. Tumblr doesn't provide much of an opportunity for recourse for users accused of infringement; the company even told those artists affected that if they're caught committing three more copyright infractions within 18 months, their accounts will be terminated.
There's an unmistakable pattern to these takedowns, though: Each of the notices was signed by Darryl Anka or Bashar Communications. And who is Darryl Anka, you might ask? He is, according to his official website, a man chosen as “channel” to Bashar, who's “of extraterrestrial origin, a friend from the future.” Here's an example of Anka channeling Bashar, the aforementioned alien confidant.
“To be perfectly clear, all my GIFs are made by me, and this blog is almost always the first place they get shared!” an artist named Charlie, who goes by bigblueboo, wrote on his blog. He shared one of his works that was nuked by the notice—note the lack of aliens from the future.
One of the removed GIFs. Used with permission
Photo via Big Blue Boo
“I have never uploaded anything I didn't make,” another artist, hexeosis, told the Daily Dot, lamenting that “The person sending the takedown notices claims to telepathically channel an inter-dimensional space alien from the future.”
“This has been a complete nightmare,” said a woman named Desiree who is evidently authorized to speak on behalf of Bashar Communications. Desiree stressed that she wasn't a paid employee and refused to give her last name, citing safety concerns, but she does have access to Bashar Twitter and email accounts. “We never would have tried to take down someone's artwork. This is a misunderstanding and an error.”
The problem, Desiree said, wasn't on Bashar's end. “We're a small group. We have a small group, typing out each DMCA form,” she said, speculating that the issue was that Bashar had sent only legitimate takedown requests, but if those requests had somehow incorporated the GIF artists' work into Bashar-related material, the original art got swept up in the complaints.
While Tumblr refused to speak on the record for this story, one employee with knowledge of the situation described the situation similarly, saying that Tumblr was working to restore the gifs. (These works haven't been restored as of this writing.)
This is far from Bashar Communications' first copyright rodeo, too. The website Chilling Effects, which tracks DMCA takedown requests, has evidence of hundreds of takedowns of purported Bashar material—videos with titles like “Bashar – Breathe! You are the Universes” and “Bashar – Extraterrestrial Contact with Planet Earth.”
As for why Bashar Communications actually feels the need to spend so much effort targeting those who supposedly infringe on its intellectual property—especially since Bashar's message supposedly came free and enables a spiritual “ecstasy” available to all humankind—Desiree said that fan remixes often distort Bashar's message. “Maybe it's been chopped up to show a lot of negative information,” she said of Bashar fan remixes. We want people coming to our website so they are getting the pure and correct information, so they're not getting someone else's interpretation.”
“The vibration of the information is changed with the act of privacy,” she added. “I don't quite grasp it, but I do at the same time.”
Photos via NASA/Hubblesite.org (PD) | Josh Hallett/Flickr (CC BY SA 2.0) | Remix by Jason Reed
Thursday
4pm: Join Smartmouth Beer as they release their Princess Oktoberfest!
5-7pm: Join your friends in the NEON District for Happy Hour. A raffle will be held to support THE JOY FUND, and the prizes are fun!
6-8:30pm: Check out the businesses in our area at the Peninsula Business Expo at the Virginia Peninsula Chamber of Commerce.
6:30-9:30pm: Celebrate the Fall Exhibition opening at the Virginia Museum of Contemporary Art. Meet artists, enjoy live music, fine fare, and a cash bar. Members get in free and guests are $10.
7pm: If you haven't had a chance to head out to Pleasure House Brewery in Virginia Beach, you can try their brews at The Barrel Room tonight during the Tap Takeover.
Friday
6pm: Kick off the weekend at Work Release with live music from MASEGO, SKYE ZENTZ, DJ P & MR T, and DJ sets by T MOBYLE and CHARLES RASPUTIN.
Friday at 7pm – Saturday 10:45pm: Check out the lineup for Blues at the Beach.
Friday – Sunday: Enjoy the 6th Annual Egyptian Festival in Hampton at St. George Coptic Orthodox Church.
7pm: Get your art on at the ODU Fall 2015 Faculty Exhibition at the ODU Baron and Ellin Gordon Art Galleries.
8pm: Lil Durk will be at the Norva. I'm not sure who this is, but I will remember his name.
8pm: Taking your date to the movies is so passé. Instead, head to the Push Comedy Theater for Double Feature: The Improvised Movie! Plus, it is only $5 to get in.
9:30pm: Dress down for the Last Foam Party at the Wave in Norfolk.
10pm-2am: For all you Goths out there: Head to Goth Night at Vertigo Ultra Tapas Lounge. DJ Aztec will provide the tunes.
Saturday
Saturday – Sunday: If you haven't grabbed them yet, get your tickets to the Neptune's Wine Festival in Virginia Beach.
7am-2pm: Support next year's Tidewater Comicon by shopping at the Mega Nerd Garage Sale in Virginia Beach. And get this … It is on Gotham Road! Nice.
8:30am: Donate and or walk at the Out of the Darkness Suicide Prevention Walk/Fundraiser.
Saturday 10am-5pm; Sunday 10am-4pm: Explore the works of talented artists and craftsmen during the 40th Annual Artisans in the Park Art and Craft Festival at Great Neck Park in Virginia Beach.
10am-5pm: It is time for Riverfest! This year, the fun will be near the Nauticus Waterfront. Don't miss this great festival!
10am-4pm: Let's talk bees at the 1st Annual Honey Festival & Craft Show Event at the Virginia Beach Farmers Market.
11am-2pm: Play in bounce houses, get your face painted, check out some fire trucks and more at the Back-to-School Family Fun Day at Landstown Commons Shopping Center.
11am-4pm: Party on at the 35th Street Block Party. This is a community-wide, kid-friendly, and smile-making event.
11am-5pm: Enjoy music from Blues Empacts, Shadowjack featuring The Sportsters, and Bria Kelly at the Bay Days Foundation presents Music at the Point in Hampton.
11am-5pm: Time for the Taste of Suffolk! This fun event includes food, contests, music, cars, kids' activities, and more.
12-3pm: Grab your tickets for Red Shoe at the Zoo and support the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Norfolk while feasting on tasty foods, local brew, and enjoying zoo animals, raffles, and live music.
12-4pm: Don't miss the Mid-Autumn Moon Festival at Town Point Park.
12-5pm: You may have missed Craft Beer Month, but don't miss the Virginia Craft Beer & Wine Festival at nTelos Wireless Pavilion!
12-5pm: In case you forgot that a lot of Virginia Beach has farmland in it, there's this: Enjoy the Sandbridge Beach Pig Pickin'. Poor, sweet, little piggies.
12-9:30pm: Head over to Alewerks Brewing Company in Williamsburg for the Secret Admirer Bottle Release. There'll be live music in the Biergarten.
2:30-4pm: Have a dream to write, but you just haven't sat down to do it? Join fellow writers (or writer wanna-bes) at the Creative Writing Group at the Slover Library.
6-7pm: Try Zumba for free at Rants Ballroom Company in Virginia Beach during Zumbando en el Barrio.
7pm: Don't even pretend. Some of you have already figured out what time of year it is. It's Half-Way to St. Patrick's Day, and you can celebrate with one of my faves, Glasgow Kiss at Patriots Grill in Gloucester.
7-11pm: Robbie and Seth Beg Forgiveness in Norfolk on West 25th Street.
7:30pm: Enjoy Opera in the Park at Town Point Park in Norfolk.
8pm: Join the Push Comedy Theater for the Norfolk Comedy Festival Selection Show with Absolute Uncertainty and The Bright Side. If nothing else, it's a mouthful.
8pm: All you Roller Derby fans out there will want to be at Haygood Roller Skating Center for DDG All Stars vs Charm City Female Trouble.
9pm: Live music at Charlie's American Café on Granby – Mas y Mas, Honorary Girl, and Pete Dykema of Shake Your Baby.
9pm: And … more live music at Belmont House of Smoke – Red States, Night Idea, and Wandcarver.
9pm: Or, perhaps you'd like to listen to ROCKY 7, ENERGYZE and FROXSSTARR at Work Release.
Sunday
11am-4pm: Enjoy the Riverview Village Days market and music at Lafayette Park.
11am-5pm: Have a lazy Sunday at the 2nd Sundays Williamsburg Art & Music Festival.
12-4pm: Enjoy our local food trucks at the Sunday Fundays Food Truck Carousel & Marketplace at the Hampton Carousel Park.
3pm: A pop-up for all things vintage and handmade, Sip & Shop will be at 757 Creative Space to fill your Sunday with fun.
4-5pm: Take a seat during your Sunday at the Chrysler Museum Glass Studio during the Artist Lecture featuring visiting artist Toots Zynsky.
7pm: Mothers and Kelsie McNair will be at The Parlor On Granby.
7:30pm: Head to the Norva for The Creepshow, The Adicts & Revered Horton Heat.
If you would like your event included in the Reasons, e-mail the information with the date of the event in the subject line to mermaidcitygal@gmail.com.
Facebook Comments
Image copyright AL JAZEERA Image caption Analysts said Al Jazeera footage showed an Iranian F4 Phantom jet over Iraq (Photo courtesy of Al Jazeera)
Iran has conducted air strikes against Islamic State (IS) in eastern Iraq in recent days, a Pentagon spokesman says.
Rear Adm John Kirby said the US, which has conducted its own air strikes in Iraq, was not co-ordinating with Iran.
Without confirming the air strikes directly, a top Iranian official also dismissed talk of co-operation.
Representatives of the US-led international coalition against IS are gathering at Nato headquarters in Brussels for a summit.
The talks chaired by US Secretary of State John Kerry will discuss military strategy as well as ways to stem the flow of foreign fighters joining IS and how to counter its propaganda, officials told AFP news agency.
The ministers meeting will discuss ways to send "counter-messages" to de-legitimise IS, which has been adept at using social media to promote its cause, an unnamed senior US state department official told AFP.
"As we are able to de-legitimise [IS], we are able to turn populations against [IS], reduce their recruiting basis," he added.
'Nothing changed'
The US has said it would be inappropriate for Iran to join the coalition, even though the two long-time adversaries face a common enemy in IS.
A jet filmed over Iraq by Qatari-based broadcaster Al-Jazeera has been identified by Jane's Defence Weekly as an Iranian Phantom.
Rear Adm Kirby's comments followed reports that American-made F4 Phantom jets from the Iranian air force had been targeting IS positions in the eastern Iraqi province of Diyala.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption There had been reports of Iranian air strikes in Diyala province, where Iraqi forces have been battling IS
"We have indications that they did indeed fly air strikes with F-4 Phantoms in the past several days," he said.
It was up to Iraq to oversee and co-ordinate flights by different countries in its airspace, he added.
"We are flying missions over Iraq, we co-ordinate with the Iraqi government as we conduct those," he said. "It's up to the Iraqi government to de-conflict that airspace."
"Nothing has changed about our policy of not co-ordinating military activity with the Iranians."
'No place for US'
The Deputy Chief of Staff of Iran's Armed Forces Brig-Gen Massoud Jazayeri was quoted as telling Iran's Fars news agency it was "totally untrue" that Iran had cooperated with the coalition in bombing IS targets.
He said Iran considered the US responsible for Iraq's "unrest and problems" and that the US would "definitely not have a place in the future of that country".
Shia Muslim-ruled Iran has close ties to Iraq's Shia-led government, which struggled to counter IS militants as they seized swathes of territory in northern and western Iraq.
Military analysts said earlier this year that Iran was supplying Iraq with Soviet-built Sukhoi Su-25 attack jets to help in the fight against IS.
Shia militias trained and funded by Iran have also been sent to Iraq to support Kurdish fighters battling IS militants.
Since the Islamic revolution in 1979, the US and Iran have had a fraught relationship.
Washington severed ties the following year after Iranian students occupied the US embassy in Tehran and took 52 Americans hostages. They were freed in 1981.
MASON Wood's bid to play finals is in jeopardy, with a knee operation forcing the North Melbourne forward on to the sidelines for at least six weeks.
Wood, 22, was hurt in last Sunday's loss to West Coast when Eagles defender Will Schofield fell across his left knee in a tackle.
Kangaroos coach Brad Scott said the club wanted the promising young player back for a likely berth in September.
"He did have surgery, and they repaired the medial ligament, and also tidied up some other things in the knee," Scott said before training at Arden Street on Thursday.
"We're expecting about a six-to-eight week recovery, which will put him pretty close to the bye before the finals, so it's going to be a tight run back.
"But our attitude … is to do everything we can to get him back, potentially for a finals series. We'll just have to rehab it as best we can."
The last round of the home and away season will occur concurrently with the last round of the VFL season, so whether or not North's affiliate team Werribee makes finals could be important for Wood's hopes of having some match play before returning to the senior side.
Werribee sits in 11th spot with a 4-7 record, but has a game in hand on eighth-placed Essendon (6-6). The Tigers have a percentage almost 25 per cent lower than the Bombers.
Wood is uncontracted for next season but the club has faith he will re-sign, despite a large offer reportedly on the table from the Sydney Swans.
"I've got great confidence in our list management team. All our players are really valuable to us and I'm sure it will all work itself out," Scott said.
Key duo Jarrad Waite (hip) and Daniel Wells (calf) put themselves in line to return for the clash against Port Adelaide on Saturday at Etihad Stadium after joining full training.
"We're hopeful, but they'll have to prove they're absolutely perfect. Otherwise we won't take the risk. So if they play, you can be rest assured they're ready to play," Scott said.
Nick Dal Santo will face Port after overcoming the illness that forced him to be a late out against the Eagles.
Scott said although the Roos' growing injury list was affecting his club's performance, there were positives to take out of the situation.
"It makes things more difficult, no doubt. We're not going to shy away from that. But at the same time, it gives us great opportunity to have a look at other players," he said.
The Kangaroos have lost their last four games after a 9-0 start. A patch of three matches against bottom-10 teams in Port, Collingwood and St Kilda (all at Etihad Stadium) should present an easier run.
Majak Daw rolled his ankle in the VFL last Sunday but took part in match simulation to prove his fitness.
Jumping Drew Petrie (left) joins in the fun at North Melbourne training on Thursday. Picture: AFL Media
As a rookie double IPA joins a Hall of Fame lineup.
Hopping up for March Madness, Stone Brewing has announced a brand-new player to its lineup. While rabid fans of basketball will soon gather to make predictions about who their big winner will be, craft beer fanatics will hoist a pint as Stone Doublicious Double IPA takes to our court along with Stone's all-star lineup of IPAs, including:
The Aptly Named: Stone Delicious IPA
The Tropically Inspired: Stone Tangerine Express IPA
The Hop Mosh Pit: Stone Ruination Double IPA 2.0
The Uniquely Malty IPA: Stone Pataskala Red X IPA
The Gin-Inspired Double IPA: Stone Jindia Pale Ale
The Devastatingly Dank Freshness Trendsetter: Stone Enjoy By 04.20.17 IPA
IPA The Historically Inspired: Stone Give Me IPA or Give Me Death
The Elegantly Simple: Stone Hop Revolver IPA
The Heavy Metal-themed Collaboration: Marble / Odell / Stone Megawheat Double IPA
The Iconic: Stone IPA
…all delivering fanatics more than enough amazing IPA choices this March to create a fantasy team.
Then, making its debut this March is the draft-only Stone Doublicious Double IPA, a more aggressive double dry-hopped version of Stone Delicious IPA, with an amped-up ABV. Loyal fans will recognize hints of citrus, herbs, lemon candy, melon, and fresh-cut grass. The flavors of kumquat, peach and lemon culminate in what tastes like a hard piece of “Hop Candy.” Overall balanced bitterness and sweetness make this highly drinkable beer a round-the-back-through-the- legs-reverse-slam-dunk.
“Stone Delicious IPA is a beer we really love,” said Jeremy Moynier, Senior Innovation Brewing Manager. “El Dorado and Lemondrop were two hops we embraced early on and were blown away by the intense flavors and aromas we got when using these hops together. Last year we started to toss the idea around of making an even bigger version of Delicious. When we tried Stone Doublicious Double IPA for the first time off of the tank, we knew we had a winner!”
A playful series of events to celebrate Stone IPA Madness and engage with fans will be taking place at several Stone Brewing locations as well as select accounts across the nation during the month of March. The kickoff event, Stone IPA Madness – Festival of Hops, will take place from 11am-5pm on Saturday, March 5th, at Stone Brewing World Bistro & Gardens – Escondido. For more information about the event, click here. Also available for fans everywhere is an IPA-inspired Spotify playlist featuring 70's court jams to crank while enjoying Stone IPA Madness. To find an event near you, please visit: find.stonebrewing.com
Ric Roman Waugh will direct Millennium Films' 'Angel Has Fallen,' with Gerard Butler reprising his starring role.
Ric Roman Waugh, who wrote and directed the Stephen Dorff-starrer Felon, will helm the Olympus Has Fallen sequel, The Hollywood Reporter has confirmed.
Gerard Butler will reprise his role in Millennium Films' Angel Has Fallen, a threequel following the action flicks Olympus Has Fallen and London Has Fallen. Waugh will direct Butler as the Secret Service agent who has kept American presidents safe — but this time, he's the attackers' target.
Among those also at risk is the commander-in-chief, whose official plane Air Force One is code-named Angel. Butler will produce with Alan Siegel, Mark Gill, John Thompson and Matt O'Toole. Executive producers are Avi Lerner, Trevor Short and Christine Otal.
Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt, who created the franchise, are penning the script. The threequel follows Antoine Fuqua's 2013 film Olympus Has Fallen, which earned $161 million worldwide. Babak Najafi's London Has Fallen, released earlier this year, grossed $195 million globally.
Waugh, a former stuntman before turning to directing, is repped by WME and Anonymous Content.
Dave King is the largest single shareholder in Rangers
Dave King is a step closer to taking over as chairman of Rangers after the Court of Session cleared his application to become a club director.
King had to seek approval due to his boardroom involvement with the company that ran Rangers before administration and liquidation in 2012.
He has still to satisfy the Scottish FA of his 'fit and proper' status.
However, King says he hopes the governing body take guidance from the court ruling.
King, together with Paul Murray and John Gilligan, were voted onto the board of Rangers International Football Club plc with backing from 85% of shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting in early March.
Murray is acting as the club's interim chairman as King awaits a verdict from the SFA.
"Today's decision has removed the final legal hurdle for me to take up my role on the board following the overwhelming mandate at the general meeting," said King in a statement.
"I have fully co-operated with the SFA over the last few weeks and thank them for the care and attention with which they have undertaken this task.
"I must be the most scrutinised candidate in Scottish football history but accept this as being preferable to the lack of scrutiny that has been the case in Rangers recent past - and possibly other clubs.
"I hope that matters can be swiftly concluded now that, with the permission of the court, I can take up my role as a director of RIFC."
A method of manufacturing methamphetamine, designed to get around laws restricting the sale of the ingredients needed to make meth is even more dangerous than the old makeshift meth labs, authorities say.
Also known as the "one-pot" or "shake and bake" method, in this scenario meth is produced in a two-liter soda bottle. A few cold pills are mixed with common but harmful household chemicals, producing enough meth for the user to get a few hits.
Smaller, Mobile Meth Labs
The old meth labs required hundreds of pseudoephedrine pills, containers heated over open flames and cans of flammable liquids. The cooking process created foul odors making the labs difficult to conceal and often sparked explosions.
The shake and bake method requires only a few pseudoephedrine pills, circumventing laws passed restricting the sale of large quantities of over-the-counter decongestants, cold, and allergy remedies.
Extremely Dangerous Meth-Making Method
But the shake and bake method is in no way safer than the old meth labs. If the bottle is shaken the wrong way, or if any oxygen gets inside of it, or if the cap is loosened too quickly, the bottle can explode.
If the old clandestine meth labs caught fire, the "cooks" would just run away. But with the shake and bake method, they are actually holding the bottle when it explodes. Police have linked dozens of flash fires — some of them fatal — to meth manufacturing.
All Meth Making is Dangerous to the Public
Police departments across the nation are training officers how to handle the new mobile labs if they encounter them during traffic stops. If an officer doesn't know what he or she is looking for, they may unwittingly spark a fire. Since the mixture in the bottle can catch fire when exposed to oxygen, even an act as simple as unscrewing the cap to see what's inside (since it looks like an ordinary soda bottle), can be potentially life-threatening.
Sudden Increase in Meth Labs
After years of declining numbers of meth labs being busted by law enforcement, due to the laws restricting the sale of pseudoephedrine, seizures are suddenly increasing again.
The new shake and bake labs put everyone in danger because they can explode while the drug users are driving around, putting other drivers in danger. The old labs were usually concealed in secluded or rural areas because of the odors, but the new "labs" can be anywhere.
Don't Touch Discarded Meth-Making Bottles
The discarded soda bottles used in the process are also dangerous. Police have found them in ditches, in people's yards, and inside dumpsters.
Authorities suggest that people who find discarded bottles containing an unknown mixture leave them alone. Do not open them or pick them up. Call the police and let them investigate to see if it's a danger.
3 Shares 0
3
0
0
If history teaches that religious communities can perfectly and peacefully cohabitate alongside one another, and oftentimes lean on each other to flourish and stand for the greater political good of the nation, our immediate reality, and by that I mean in this day and age, has already proven that it is conflicts which have defined how we interact, think ourselves and more importantly define ourselves.
And while religions and beyond that, faith in general have little to do with any of this so-called clash of civilizations politicians have been keen to push forward, we have failed to recognize that it is the political which has wielded sectarianism to promote neocons' agenda.
Islam we have been told needs reforming. I say Islam is perfect just the way it is, just the way it was meant and just the way it was sent, thank you very much! Implying that the Divine requires fixing is so beyond the pale of narcissistic egocentrism I will not attempt to reason with it. People need reforming, religious understanding needs reforming, society needs reforming …. How can you ever attempt to reform God?
Islam we have been told is a violent religion which promotes and calls for the killing of the “infidels”, among other niceties clerics apparently have championed over the decades, like: the oppression of women, child marriages, and physical violence.
Islam does not stand for any of those things. What it does however is legislate over the affairs of men, and since wars and bloodlettings are part of our collective reality, Islam addresses those issues as to bring balance to our chaotic passions.
Islam speaks of wars and punishment to assert justice and social cohesion, it stands for self-defense and people's rights to demand reparation when they have been wronged. Isn't it what the Justice system stands for?
Both the pages of the Bible and the Torah are filled with tales of revenge, oppression and military retribution - does it make their faith violent? Are we calling in question the intentions behind the admonitions? No we are not! Why you may ask? Because both Judaism and Christianity are not presented as foreign. Islam however has been painted as the faith of the “others” - the crusaders, who all those centuries ago dared oppose the first wave of Western colonialism.
Another point I would like to make in reference to Islam - Islam is the faith of Abraham, Moses, Jacob and Jesus; Muhammad was only the last of a long line of prophets, all each other's progenies. So when you slash and bash Islam it is a piece of your own traditions, your own tenets you are spitting at and rejecting.
But of course hate does not accept reason! Hate can only be bred from ignorance, and so many will keep on hating, not realising that they stand next in line for ostracisation. Racism is capitalism's sister in arms - let it go unchecked and it will cannibalize society until nothing is left to feed on.
May the real tyrants please stand up!
So the West is at war with Islam, or so its elite says anyway. Let's look at things objectively though - politicians don't really care for religions, they only care about power and riches. The Old World has always ambitioned to control Asia and Africa, for both continents hold immeasurable wealth. Britain's Empire was built on mass land-grabbing and oppression. Scrap that! European empires were built upon land-grabbing and mass oppression of local populations.
Today, our modern day imperial power, the United States of America is following the same political and military model. Only this time it found a cover - the War on Terror.
To still believe that the likes of Daesh (aka ISIS) did not receive help and military assistance from those very powers which claim to seek its destruction is ludicrous. There have been so many smoking guns over the years that we simply cannot pretend not to know. We do! You do! You simply don't want to admit it to yourself as it would imply that you would have to call on your officials to face to the music of your anger … and THAT takes courage.
Western society is politically apathetic and lazy - or is it that we fear to remove the democratic blinders? Could it be that we recognize that our voices, our right to self-political determination stands today an empty shell devoid of any real power, and that we fear facing up to it? For the longest time people have not been able to influence policies. Politicians do what they want regardless, and more often than not despite the wishes of their people.
It was Ghandi who said that the idea of Western civilization was a nice thought indeed. I would add to that: “Western democracy would be a nice development.”
Is that democracy when an elite dictates agendas which are inherently harmful to their people? Is that democratic to strip nationals from their civil liberties on account the state wants to keep them safe? Isn't it the very definition of a police state?
But let's go back to terror and what it is that terror wants.
Terror wants to carve itself an empire in the Middle East. Interestingly enough this agenda echoes that of Western powers. The real question is - Is terror a Western proxy, acting a cover for a neo-colonialism?
Neo-colonialism and terror's army
It sounds far-fetched right? I mean our governments would never intentionally sacrifice their people for the sake of political mandates … Really? Think again.
What has happened since November 13? French President Francois Hollande justified an even grander budget deficit to meet France's military expenses, Britain PM David Cameron finally can justify his calls for war against Syria and war refugees can now be openly discriminated against in the name of national security.
For every terror attack staged against Western capitals more wars have been waged in the Middle East. For every life lost in America or Europe, hundreds of thousands of Arabs, Asians, Kurds, Alawites … you know third world folks, have died. All for the greater good of course! Western nations are not butchers, they waged moral wars, just wars.
Who is playing who here?
But there is another facet to terror, one which speaks of social fracture and religious discrimination.
In its online magazine, Dabiq, this February, Daesh warned that “Muslims in the West will soon find themselves between one of two choices.” Weeks earlier, a massacre had occurred at the Paris offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. The attack stunned French society, while bringing to the surface already latent tensions between French Muslims and their fellow citizens.
Every time terror has struck, hatred has come bubbling up, bringing old prejudices and rancour to the surface, driving a wedge in between communities on account of faith. Only terror knows no faith and Wahhabism, the ideology carried by Daesh is not Islamic. If you paid attention you would have realized that Muslims more than any other group suffered by the hands of the Black Flag army.
Wahhabi and Salafi clerics have systematically called for the death of all Muslims, safe from those who pledged themselves to their aberration. Muslims are not the enemy, if anything they are the target.
Daesh wants to polarize and divide; it said so itself. In Dabiq again Daesh wrote it “eliminated the grayzone,” representing coexistence between religious groups. As a result, it said, Muslims living in the West would soon no longer be welcome in their own societies. Treated with increasing suspicion, distrust and hostility by their fellow citizens as a result of the deadly shooting, Western Muslims would soon be forced to “either apostatize … or they [migrate] to the Islamic State and thereby escape persecution from the crusader governments and citizens.”
Whenever politicians advocate to collectively punish Muslims en masse through discriminatory migration policies, restrictions on religious freedoms, and grand surveillance schemes it is really terror's game they are playing. Daesh seeks to radicalise, if not through brainwashing of the youth, through hatred and fear.
Terror is winning! But terror is not winning because it is recruiting more Muslims to its cause. It is winning because it is recruiting Western society to hate Muslims, thus fulfilling Wahhabis' prophecy of a coming holy war in between the Church and its armies.
All the while weapon dealers and venture capitalists are gorging on the lucrative opportunities war opened up for them.
As more and more Canadian politicians adopt the mantle of the middle class, you'd be forgiven for thinking the suburban white-collar worker is a newly endangered species.
The reality, population experts say, is that the squeeze on the middle is highly generational, with those under 45 more likely to be affected than those nearing retirement. And it's this inequality that's expected to be a key narrative of Statistics Canada's final wave of National Household Survey data, which on Wednesday, Sept. 11 will lay bare income and housing issues across geographic, demographic and ethnographic lines.
“We've had decades now of talking about the pressures of an aging population — and we need to keep talking about that,” said Paul Kershaw, a public policy professor in the University of British Columbia's School of Population and Public Health.
“But the NHS will help us uncover that those challenges are not the only, or maybe not even the primary, challenges facing Canada. There are new social and economic risks for younger generations that we're not attending to.”
Kershaw notes, for example, that the government invests nearly four times the annual per-person amount on retirees (think medical care and retirement income expenditures) than it does on younger Canadians (education, medical care, family spending, etc): roughly $45,000 vs. $12,000.
Wednesday's much-anticipated report, which was delayed by a month due to reporting errors, will provide vital clues to whether the gap between the haves and have-nots is widening; the overall economic health of Canada's population, from the working poor to the one-percenters; any rise or fall in salaries; the extent to which education, immigration and gender are factors in financial success; and the state of the housing market, including an unprecedented look at subsidized housing.
“For those who've had homes for decades, higher housing prices are gold; they're THE factor driving wealth up and up for those nearing retirement,” said Kershaw, founder of the Gen Squeeze campaign. “But those prices are crushing the dream of home ownership for their kids and grandkids.”
Jim Murphy, CEO of the Canadian Association of Accredited Mortgage Professionals, noted that even though the NHS is backward-looking, drawing on the 2006 to 2011 period, it will reveal important patterns that could cue future market stability.
“We still have concern expressed by government about the overall Canadian housing market: Is it growing too fast? Are prices growing too fast? And what does that mean if there were to be a dramatic increase in rates?” said Murphy.
“But there needs to be a balance: concern over household debt and the potential impact of rising rates versus the economic contribution of housing and what it means for the Canadian economy. If you clamp down too much, the overall level of economic growth slows.”
Importantly, the voluntary nature of the NHS leaves it subject to data gaps in certain geographic areas and populations. The survey was sent to roughly 30 per cent of Canadian households and drew a response rate of 68.6 per cent, versus the 2006 census sent to about 20 per cent of households with a response rate of 93.5 per cent.
And Wednesday's report will face additional scrutiny due to its four-week postponement, spurred by reporting errors detected just days prior to the original Aug. 14 release.
“It's a cause for concern,” said Jack Jedwab, executive vice-president of the Canadian Institute for Identities and Migration. “Some post-mortem will have to be done on whether the voluntary approach was a good one. The delay lends more credibility to those people who argued against it.”
Postmedia will have full coverage of the NHS report upon its release Wednesday morning.
mharris(at)postmedia.com
Twitter.com/popcultini
El Monte police officer suspected in sexual assault of transsexual
Sheriff's Lt. Bob Peacock on Thursday said the investigation is continuing and the detectives are awaiting DNA results and other evidence. He said the case has yet to be presented to the district attorney's office. Peacock said the officer has not been arrested.
She later retrieved a condom he used and turned it over to authorities, the lawsuit said.
The officer was in a marked patrol car and ordered the woman into an alley behind a business at Central and Garvey avenues, where he attacked her, the lawsuit said.
The woman recently filed a federal civil rights and assault lawsuit against the unnamed officer and the El Monte Police Department. In it, she said she was groped by the officer in October, forced to perform oral sex on him and then raped after being stopped while walking on a city street between 4 and 6 a.m. Oct. 23.
A transsexual woman's accusation that an El Monte police officer sexually assaulted her while he was on duty last year is under investigation by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, officials said Thursday.
El Monte officials said the officer, who they would not identify, was immediately placed on leave when the department learned of the allegations in October.
"These allegations are very disturbing and clearly not representative of the expectations we have for the men and women who serve the El Monte Police Department," Police Chief Steve Schuster said. "We take any allegation against our Police Department or individual police officers very seriously because we hold our officers to the highest standard."
Schuster said he asked the Sheriff's Department to conduct a criminal investigation into the allegations. The officer will remain on leave pending its completion.
In the suit, filed Oct. 18, lawyers for the woman say she was stopped without cause as she walked to a friend's home and ordered to lean into the patrol cruiser, at which point the officer "groped her breasts."
He then asked if she was a "she is male" and the woman responded she was a transsexual, according to the suit. The officer, the suit said, ordered her into an alley and eventually a poorly lighted parking lot near a loading dock.
Once there, the officer ordered her to perform oral sex and then raped her, the lawsuit said. She complied "out of fear for her physical safety," it said.
The officer tossed the condom he used on the ground and told her to leave, the suit said. The woman complied but later drove back to the scene, retrieved the condom and tied it off to protect the contents, according to the suit. The condom was later turned over to the Sheriff's Department.
The woman's attorney, Robert Kitson, said his client went to a hospital after the incident and the Sheriff's Department began its investigation. Kitson said his client does not know the officer's name.
richard.winton@latimes.com
AP Images
Throughout the 2014 regular season, former NFL defensive back Matt Bowen will bring you an X's-and-O's look at the pro game. Here are his key plays from the Week 13 Sunday schedule.
Jordy Nelson Beats Darrelle Revis
The Patriots-Packers matchup on Sunday at Lambeau Field was one of the best games I've watched this season. Look at the high level of play (and execution) at the quarterback position from Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady, the technique in the secondary or the game plans that were on display in crucial situations.
Revis is back in the discussion as the top cornerback in the game based on the tape I've studied. Just focus on his technique in press-man, the hip flexibility or the footwork that allows the cornerback to stay square and challenge opposing receivers. Top-tier stuff at the position.
Tom Lynn/Associated Press
You could see that for the majority of the first half in the Green Bay Packers' 26-21 win with Bill Belichick matching up Revis versus Randall Cobb and Jordy Nelson. That's why Rodgers (24-of-38, 368 yards, two touchdowns) had to work the ball to rookie Davante Adams (six receptions, 121 yards) early in this game.
However, during a critical two-minute drill for the Packers at the end of the half, Nelson created some separation versus Revis on a basic slant-flat combination.
Credit: NFL.com
With the Patriots sending Cover 1 pressure (five-man pressure), there is no second-level help (linebackers) in the short-to-intermediate route tree. That creates an opportunity for the Nelson to run an inside-breaking route (slant) versus outside leverage (Cover 1 technique).
Revis did an excellent job of staying square in multiple one-on-one matchups Sunday, but he opens his hips in this situation at the top of the stem (break point). That allows Nelson to separate versus that initial leverage position and stem this route inside with no immediate help for the defense.
Credit: NFL.com
Free safety Devin McCourty is too deep (15 yards) in his pre-snap alignment given the pressure call and the game situation (3rd-and-short). You have to play for the three-step route concepts here. Because of that, the Patriots' free safety rounds his break from the deep middle of the field and can't produce the downhill, 45-degree angle you want to see versus the slant. This gives Nelson the opportunity to eliminate the angle with his speed and eventually take this ball across the goal line for six points.
This is exactly how you identify the pressure, get the ball out and win in the three-step game. Revis doesn't get beat often, but Rodgers, Nelson and the Packers got him here on the slant route. Was that an early look at the Super Bowl matchup? Too early to say. But I have no problem calling the Patriots and Packers the best squads in the league at this point of the season.
C.J. Anderson's Impact on Broncos' Game Plan
Peyton Manning is going to throw his intermediate cuts, the seam, the fade and also work the ball underneath in the Broncos' top route concepts. That's what you're going to see when you line up versus this Denver offense.
However, the game plan Sunday night in the 29-16 win over the Kansas City Chiefs featured Anderson at the running back position. Think of the zone schemes and one-back power runs with an extra offensive lineman in the game and the guard pulling up through the hole.
Peter Aiken/Getty Images
Anderson carried the ball 32 times for 168 yards, and the Broncos rushed for over 200 yards as a team for the second week in row. Does that mean the Broncos are looking to change their offensive identify to prep for another Super Bowl run? I wouldn't say that as Manning is still the key to any postseason success for this ballclub. But we also can't discount how the production at the running back position impacts opposing defensive game plans.
Here's a quick example in the passing game with the Chiefs sending five-man pressure and playing 2-Man (two-deep, man-under) over the top.
Credit: NFL.com
This was just a simple “angle” route (or “dodge” route) from Anderson. However, it forced Justin Houston to match to the running back instead of using a “green dog” technique as an edge-blitzer (rush to coverage). Anderson stems outside (forcing Houston to overplay the stem) and works back on the angle route to make the catch, run through contact and put this ball in the end zone.
I've said before that the Broncos system could be a “plug and play” situation at running back because of Manning and the talent outside. However, I have to admit I was wrong there after watching Anderson. This guy isn't afraid to drop his pad level on contact, he runs extremely hard and his lateral movement is underrated. Anderson is an impressive back who fits the zone/power schemes in the Broncos' playbook.
More importantly, he makes this offense much more physical when it can line up and run the ball based on the opponent and game situation. Defenses won't be able to sit back in two-deep coverage with a soft run front if Anderson continues to produce on the ground.
Chargers Finish the Fourth-Quarter Comeback
The San Diego Chargers have a tough stretch coming up on the schedule to close out the regular season (starting with the Patriots next Sunday night), but that's why this club needed to get the win Sunday versus a good Ravens team out in Baltimore.
Look, I would play hard for Philip Rivers if he was my quarterback. There's no question about it. This guy is a leader, he plays hurt and he competes. That's what you want out of the quarterback position (at any level of the game).
Rob Carr/Getty Images
On Sunday, the Chargers put 21 points on the board in the final frame. That's not easy to do on the road in this league (especially on an East Coast trip), but Rivers made the throws to put his team in a position to come back and win the ballgame.
Now, there are questions about the pass-interference (PI) call on the “fade” route in the final minute that set up the Chargers in the deep red zone. However, we all know how that's going to be called. Even with Malcolm Floyd extending his arms to make contact with the corner, you can't wrap an arm around the back of a wide receiver.
That's always going to be called. Remember, this is an offensive league. And that applies to every deep ball thrown on Sundays. Throw it up and hope for a flag.
However, with the ball now just outside of the goal line, the Chargers leaned on their advanced scouting and film work to run the wide receiver “tunnel screen” (No. 1 receiver runs the screen). Why would I say “advanced scouting” here? Because the tape tells you that the Ravens are going to bring “zero” pressure in this situation.
That's why the Chargers ran a man-coverage beater that allowed Rivers to get the ball out before the pressure got home.
Credit: NFL.com
Look at the pre-snap alignment. This is called a “slot exchange” formation with the No. 1 receiver (Eddie Royal) off the ball and the No. 2 receiver (Keenan Allen) on the ball. That's an automatic alert to the screen from a defensive perspective.
But with no free safety to run the inside alley, and the Ravens sending pressure off the edge, Allen can block the outside cornerback to create a running lane for Royal off the screen action.
Credit: NFL.com
With the slot cornerback in “zero” coverage (“man” coverage), he must slide over the top of Allen on the release. That opens up the inside lane for Royal to make the catch and essentially walk this ball across the goal line for the game-winning score. That's perfect execution of the “tunnel screen” and a great example of scouting from the Chargers to take advantage of the pressure look from the Ravens in a game they had to get on the road.
The New England Patriots are next, followed by the Denver Broncos, San Francisco 49ers (road game) and Kansas City Chiefs (road game). It won't be easy for the Chargers, but that win Sunday put them in a position to make a run to the postseason.
Johnny Manziel Makes a Case for the No. 1 Job in Cleveland
The Buffalo Bills defense was nasty Sunday when we look at the pressure created up front, the ability to limit the run game and the turnovers this unit forced versus the Cleveland Browns during their 26-10 win.
Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images
This defense basically ran quarterback Brian Hoyer out of the game because of his inability to protect the football or put points on the board. And it might have cost Hoyer his No. 1 job in Cleveland after Manziel took the ball in the fourth quarter to produce a touchdown drive.
Here's an example of why the Browns pulled Hoyer as the quarterback failed to identify the inside defender (Da'Norris Searcy) on the deep “dig” route (square-in).
Credit: NFL.com
This is a “dagger” concept off play action with the Browns clearing out the middle of the defense on the inside seam and bringing the dig route underneath. However, check out Searcy here. The Bills' strong safety drops the seam to the free safety over the top, squares his shoulders and gets his eyes on the quarterback. Hoyer never reads inside and throws the deep dig route. That allows Searcy to drive downhill and make this play.
Given the way Manziel played in his limited reps, there has to be a discussion this week about the No. 1 job in Cleveland. Kyle Shanahan utilized the boot game with Manziel, and the rookie did make some throws in the middle of the field on the dig and “seam” routes. Plus, we saw his playmaking ability when he pulled the ball down in the red zone off the double-post/X-shallow combination to run for a touchdown.
Credit: NFL.com
With Jerry Hughes rushing hard up the field versus Joe Thomas, there is a wide lane in the pocket for Manziel to attack. However, take a look at the rookie quarterback here as his eyes are up the field. This isn't a designed run like the zone-read or some gadget play. Instead, this is a situation where Manziel identified the coverage, found the open lane and displayed his acceleration to get up the field for a touchdown.
Again, we are talking about a small sample size for Manziel, but with the recent struggles from Hoyer, maybe it is time to give the ball to the first-round pick. This Browns team is 7-5. It needs production on offense to make a late-season run in the AFC North.
Is Manziel the guy to do it?
Drew Brees Lights Up the Steelers
The reports on Sunday morning about Drew Brees were all negative. There was talk that he was too old, the arm strength wasn't there and that the New Orleans Saints needed to draft a quarterback (or an eventual replacement).
Joe Sargent/Getty Images
And while Brees has missed some throws this season in an offense that has generally lacked big-play ability in the passing game, the veteran quarterback lit up the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday afternoon in Pittsburgh.
Brees threw five touchdown passes in the Saints' 35-32 win with wide receiver Kenny Stills making plays down the field. Look at the deep seam route or the double-move that Stills ran versus cornerback Ike Taylor. That allowed Brees to challenge the top of the Steelers secondary and produce explosive gains.
Here's a quick breakdown of the double-move from Stills with Taylor and the Steelers playing Cover 4 (or “Quarters”) in the secondary.
Credit: NFL.com
What's the first rule for defensive backs? Don't look in the backfield unless you are in-phase (on the hip) versus the wide receiver. That's poor eye discipline. And it gets you beat.
That's what we see here from Taylor. It's only a quick look (or glance) into the backfield, but that's all it takes. Plus, check out the depth of the break from Stills. He's at about eight or nine yards. That's too shallow as routes in the NFL break at a depth of 12-15 yards. This is a double-move all the way from Stills, with the receiver selling the out cut at that depth.
Credit: NFL.com
As a defensive back, you are taught to drive to the upfield shoulder of the receiver (outside shoulder in this situation). However, with Taylor looking into the backfield, he fails to maintain his cushion, takes a flat angle to the receiver and loses leverage once Stills works back up the field.
Taylor slips at the break, but this all started because of the eye discipline and technique versus the double-move.
With the Atlanta Falcons beating the Arizona Cardinals on a day where Julio Jones rolled up numbers versus Patrick Peterson, the Saints still have some work to do in the NFC South at 5-7. But I like seeing the explosive plays from Brees and this offense. That creates multiple opportunities for Sean Payton to install a balanced game plan when Brees can test the top of the defense.
Seven-year NFL veteran Matt Bowen is an NFL National Lead Writer for Bleacher Report.
Follow @MattBowen41
Picture death personified. Maybe you imagine a skull-faced reaper with a cloak and scythe or a terrifying angel on his pale horse. Or maybe, if you're of the right age and background, death is a perky goth girl with a penchant for Mary Poppins and an Eye of Horus spiral on her cheek.
This incarnation of Death, introduced in a 1989 issue of the DC/Vertigo comic The Sandman, may be the most beloved of popular culture's psychopomps—mythical beings that guide the dead souls to the afterlife. Named the fifteenth greatest comic character by Empire Magazine in 2008 (ahead of Iron Man and Wonder Woman), she has graced posters and t-shirts. Even more than twenty years after she first chirped happily through the pages of issue #8, she inspires convention attendees to dress up in detailed recreations of her costumes.
Death (or rather, the woman who inspired her appearance) also happens to be a Salt Lake City native.
Meet Cinamon Hadley, the body-piercer and muse whose portrait was immortalized as the second eldest in a family of anthropomorphized forces, called The Endless, in Neil Gaiman's cult-classic series. Extremely tall, extraordinarily thin, with bone-white skin, impeccable make-up and thin, black dreadlocks that fall well past her waist, she is an arresting sight. As we're sitting down to talk, a passing cyclist slows down to exclaim, “I like your locks!” and earns a beaming smile from Hadley.
Despite most people's assumptions, Hadley was never Gaiman's inspiration for the character—neither was Tori Amos, who is sometimes credited as such, nor was Donna Ricci who, in an interview published in Bite Magazine, described in detail meeting with Gaiman for a photo shoot, but has since removed the claims from her website. Hadley has never met Gaiman, although they have exchanged emails. In fact, Death wasn't even supposed to be a goth girl and Gaiman wasn't actually responsible for creating Death's signature look at all.
So how did Hadley end up inspiring Death?
Originally, writes Gaiman in The Sandman Companion, he imagined the character as looking as ‘60s singer Nico as she appeared on the cover of Chelsea Girl. But the comic's artist, Mike Dringenberg, also a Salt Lake City resident at the time, had other ideas. Gaiman writes, “He sent me a drawing based on a woman he knew named Cinamon—the drawing that was later printed in Sandman 11—and I looked at it and had the immediate reaction of, ‘Wow. That's really cool.'”
Hadley explains how she went from begging for spare change and living in the infamous ‘80s Salt Lake City flophouse called Kill Pigs to gracing the pages of a world-famous comic. “Mike Dringenberg was a good friend of mine,” says Hadley. “He told me that he wanted to use me for a model for a character in a comic book, but I didn't think anything about it.” It wasn't until years later, the conversation long forgotten, that she leafed through an issue at a friend's apartment in Houston, Texas and found Dringenberg's original drawing of her looking up from the pages and a personal thanks from the author for the use of her image.
“Hey, this is me!” she exclaimed, to the amazement of her friend.
She laughs now about the origin of an introductory image of Death sitting on some steps near a fountain. She says it was based on an image Dringenberg captured of her after she'd begged fifty cents to buy a hamburger and sat down on some steps to eat it, grinning in delight about her meal. In the comic, Death is grabbing the sides of her sunglasses, but it's easy to imagine a hamburger in her hands instead.
It was, she says, a boost to her confidence and self-esteem. Asked if being Death has changed her life, she smiles and says it gives her a reason to meet people and has opened up social avenues. “People either want to meet me [because they admire the character],” Hadley says, “or they don't … they think I'll be stuck up.” She notes that even her girlfriend (now her fiancée) didn't want to meet her at first. “She said, ‘I figured you were going to be so self-absorbed.'”
Like Death, Hadley says she is upbeat and perky, and like Death, she comes across as surprisingly down-to-earth despite her appearance. She makes it a point to stay positive, especially when she meets people who know her as “the model for Death,” or someone asks her to sign comics or merchandise. She says she wonders sometimes if Dringenberg used her just for her look, or if it was deeper, if he saw Death's ironically happy attitude in her. “[Death is] strangely innocent in a way, and that is so me. I've always been an innocent person. My motto is ‘Happy, happy, joy, joy.' I've just got to be happy. She even says ‘peachy keen,' in one of the comics!”
Indeed, Death offered an effervescent contrast to her brother, Sandman's titular Morpheus aka Dream, whose sad and sometimes angry persona was revealed in the comic through his black speech bubbles and dark expressions. In her first appearance in the story The Sound of Her Wings, Death takes Dream along on her sad route, escorting the souls of a newly departed SIDS baby, an electrocuted comedian and a young car-crash victim to the afterlife. However, despite her morbid job, she pronounces things “fantabulous” and, as Hadley mentions, “peachy keen,” and tries to cheer up her morose sibling.
Fans immediately fell in love with Death—as the letters to the editor showed—and her popularity quickly outstripped that of the rest of The Endless. In issue #21, a series of portraits and character studies of the siblings offers a few paragraphs about each and concludes with simply, “And there is Death.” Nothing else was needed—everyone already knew her.
While generally positive, being popularized as such a beloved character hasn't always been a good experience. In addition to taking care to be nice to people who know her only as “Death,” Hadley occasionally has to clear up some rumors that get circulated on the Internet. In one case, a man claimed to have shared “a psychotically wonderful romance and an efficiency co-op apartment” with her before she ran off with a heroin dealer. It is telling that this man spelled her name wrong despite “loving her deliriously.” Hadley laughs in mock-horror about this now. “I was so angry!” she says of reading the bizarre blog post where this alternate history was revealed, to which she offered a scathing reply. Now she is kinder, although no less insistent that he was lying. “He was sweet, but kind of sad soul. Maybe he was searching to be somebody ... He latched onto me because of the comic book.”
Some people have even theorized that Dringenberg was a hanger-on whose unhealthy and obsessive crush was a source of discomfort and disgust to her, but Hadley shakes her head about that, too. “We were really, really good friends. It makes it hard when you're that close. I always got the feeling that there was a strong … maybe obsession? But I don't know that it was unhealthy.” She says that she'd love to be in touch with Dringenberg, but has lost touch with him over the years.
Hadley has only recently returned to Salt Lake City, after spending close to 20 years away. She hitchhiked to Seattle to see her favorite band at the time, Skinny Puppy, and spent a few months there, before traveling to Houston to provide emotional support to her mother during her parents' divorce. She spent some time living and working as a mime in New Orleans, with “bright yellow hair and long black fingernails” and lived in Texas' liberal enclave, Austin, but eventually went back to Houston to open a body-piercing shop, even though she didn't like the city very much. “It doesn't have a very accepting environment of anything out of the norm,” she says.
She might still be in Houston if it wasn't for The Ritz reunion in 2010. In the late ‘80s and early ‘90s, The Ritz Club was the preeminent dance club for Salt Lake City's gothic, industrial and new wave scenesters. When a reunion weekend was planned, Hadley's friend, industrial DJ Aaron Shea, decided that it would be no true reunion without her. He took up a collection to bring her back home for the weekend and her old friends gave generously.
Hadley says she didn't expect to feel any emotions about the visit, but “it was the strangest thing. Getting ready to land, I looked out the window and I saw the mountains and I burst into tears. It felt like, ‘Wow, I'm home.'” That weekend made up her mind, she says. “The way the air felt and seeing everybody, I thought, ‘I've got to come home.' I decided within a couple of days of being here that I was coming back.”
She hopes to get back into body piercing and is happy to find herself with a lifestyle that makes her happy, living life the way she wants to 20 years down the road. “I think it's great that dreadlocks, tattoos and piercings are ‘normal,'” Hadley says, laughing. She has no regrets about her return. “I'm home and I can't ever leave again! There's so much more that goes on here,” she says. “The Dark Arts Festival and the bands that come here.”
Then there's the snow. She loves the snow. “I was sad when it all melted this morning,” she says ruefully, but then she brightens up immediately and is the picture of the joyful woman who inspired an artist and changed the face of Death. All that's missing is the spiral on her cheek.
Moyer Captures Fourth Win of 2014 DIRTcar Summer Nationals Season at Terre Haute Action Track
By Jordan Morris
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. — July 9, 2014 — After claiming his record 85th career DIRTcar Summer Nationals victory on Sunday night at Tri-State Speedway, Hall of Famer Billy Moyer backed it up by claiming his 86th career win just three nights later at Terre Haute Action Track.
Moyer and Shannon Babb have battled back-and-forth all season long to claim the top spot on the series all-time winningest driver list. Babb took an early advantage, but in the last week, Moyer has stormed back and now leads Babb by one race.
Moyer captured the pole-position for the 40-lap feature at the half-mile dirt oval, which is the largest on the 39 race schedule. Brian Shirley joined the pole-sitter on the front row but was no match for Moyer who escaped to an early lead.
As Moyer was never challenged for the victory, the race was for the runner-up position. Shirley who held the position all race came under fire from a hard-charging Shannon Babb, who started the feature in the eighth position. Shirley was challenged by Babb a few times but eventually held off the three-time series champion.
With a third place finish, Babb regained the series points lead over Ryan Unzicker, who led the standings coming into the night but drove conservatively all night after suffering a concussion during Tuesday night's feature event.
Moyer easily cruised to his season leading fourth victory, leading flag-to-flag en route to capturing the $5,000 checkered flag at Terre Haute Action Track over Shirley by more than a straightaway.
“People say like fine wine it just gets better with age,” said the 56-year-old Moyer, whose fourth win is the most he's had in a season since he had six in 2010. “I know it's a little harder to get out of bed in the morning than when I was 25, but we're just gonna keep plugging along.”
Babb, Brandon Sheppard and Austin Dillon rounded out the top five.
Heat race winners were Moyer and Shirley.
The DIRTcar Summer Nationals continues on Thursday night as they join the DIRTcar Summit Racing Equipment Modified Nationals at Macon Speedway in Macon, Ill.
DIRTcar Summer Nationals Statistical Report; Terre Haute Action Track; Terre Haute, Ind.;
July 9, 2014; A-Main (40-laps): 1. 21-Billy Moyer ($5,000), 2. 81-Brian Shirley, 3. 18-Shannon Babb, 4. B5-Brandon Sheppard, 5. 3-Austin Dillon, 6. 77K-Steve Kester, 7. 1M-Jim Moon, 8. 25L-Steve Lance Jr, 9. 24-Ryan Unzicker, 10. 15F-Chris Fetter, 11. 80-Duke Mounce, 12. 42*-Bob Mayer, 13. 7R-Kent Robinson, 14. 81JR-Jason Riggs, 15. 32-Bobby Pierce.
2014 DIRTcar Summer Nationals Schedule
Date Day Track Location Win June 11 Wed Brownstown Speedway Brownstown, Ind. RAIN June 12 Thur Kankakee Co. Speedway Kankakee, Ill. Billy Moyer June 13 Fri Cedar Lake Speedway Somerset, Wis. Rick Eckert June 14 Sat Cedar Lake Speedway Somerset, Wis. RAIN June 15 Sun Wilmot Raceway Wilmot, Wis. Rick Eckert(2) June 16 Mon Off June 17 Tue Farley Speedway Farley, Iowa Shannon Babb June 18 Wed Spoon River Speedway Canton, Ill. Jason Feger June 19 Thur Quincy Raceways Quincy, Ill. RAIN June 20 Fri Tri-City Speedway Pontoon Beach, Ill. Billy Moyer(2) June 21 Sat Fairbury Speedway Fairbury, Ill. RAIN June 22 Sun I-96 Speedway Ionia, Mich. Brian Shirley June 23 Mon Peoria Speedway Peoria, Ill. Brandon Sheppard June 24 Tue Off June 25 Wed Clarksville Speedway Clarksville, Tenn. Shannon Babb(2) June 26 Thur Clayhill Motorsports Atwood, Tenn. Brian Shirley (2) June 27 Fri Paducah Int. Raceway Paducah, Ky. RAIN June 28 Sat Federated Auto Parts Raceway Pevely, Mo. Brian Birkhofer June 29 Sun Lincoln Speedway Lincoln, Ill. Brady Smith June 30 Mon Off July 1 Tue Belle Clair Speedway Belleville, Ill. Bobby Pierce July 2 Wed Jacksonville Speedway Jacksonville, Ill. Jason Feger(2) July 3 Thur LaSalle Speedway LaSalle, Ill. Brian Birkhofer(2) July 4 Fri Fayette Co. Speedway Brownstown, Ill. Brandon Sheppard(2) July 5 Sat Highland Speedway Highland, Ill. Tyler Reddick July 6 Sun Tri-State Speedway Haubstadt, Ind. Billy Moyer(3) July 7 Mon Off July 8 Tue Florence Speedway Union, Ky. Jason Jameson July 9 Wed Terre Haute Action Track Terre Haute, Ind. Billy Moyer(4) July 10 Thur Macon Speedway Macon, Ill. $5,000 July 11 Fri Farmer City Raceway Farmer City, Ill. $10,000 July 12 Sat 34 Raceway Burlington, Iowa $10,000 July 13 Sun Vermilion Co. Speedway Danville, Ill. $5,000 July 14 Mon Off July 15 Tue TBA July 16 Wed Atomic Speedway Chillicothe, Ohio $5,000 July 17 Thur Brushcreek Motorsports Complex Peebles, Ohio $5,000 July 18 Fri Attica Raceway Park Attica, Ohio $5,000 July 19 Sat Oakshade Raceway Wauseon, Ohio $10,000
The DIRTcar Summer Nationals “Hell Tour” is brought to fans across the country by many important partners including: Arizona Sport Shirts (Official Apparel Company), Hoosier Racing Tires (Official Racing Tires), Racing Electronics (Official Communication), Velocita (Official Uniform), VP Racing Fuel (Official Racing Fuel); in addition to these fine Contingency Partners: Beyea Headers, Cometic Gasket, Comp Cams, Dominator Race Products, Edelbrock, Fox Shocks, JE Pistons, JRI Shocks, Mobil 1, MSD, Quartermaster, Superflow Dynos, Summit Racing Equipment and Wrisco Aluminum; Promotional Partners include: Chevy Performance Parts, Indiana Decal, Intercomp and Petroff Towing.
STARKE, Fla. -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday refused to block the state's first execution in 18 months, one that also will mark the first use of the drug etomidate in a U.S. lethal injection.
The court denied without comment the final appeal of Mark Asay, who is set to die after 6 p.m. Asay, who is white, was convicted by a jury of two 1987 Jacksonville murders that prosecutors said were racially motivated. Asay would be the first white man to be executed in Florida for killing a black man.
The planned execution — Florida's first since the U.S. Supreme Court halted the practice in the state after finding its method for sentencing people to death to be unconstitutional — is expected to be carried out using etomidate, an anesthetic that has been approved by the Florida Supreme Court. Two other drugs also are to be used.
Asay, 53, fatally shot Robert Lee Booker, 34, a black man, after making multiple racist comments, prosecutors said. Asay's second victim was Robert McDowell, 26, who was mixed race, white and Hispanic. Prosecutors say Asay had hired McDowell, who was dressed as a woman, for sex and shot him six times after discovering his gender.
At least 20 black men have been executed for killing white victims since the state reinstated the death penalty in 1976, according to data from the Death Penalty Information Center. A total of 92 Florida inmates have been executed in that time period.
Etomidate is the first of three drugs administered in Florida's new execution cocktail. It is replacing midazolam, which has been harder to acquire after many drug companies began refusing to provide it for executions. The etomidate is followed by rocuronium bromide, a paralytic, and finally, potassium acetate, which stops the heart. It is Florida's first time using potassium acetate too, which was used in a 2015 execution in Oklahoma by mistake, but has not been used elsewhere, a death penalty expert said.
While the state's high court has approved the use of etomidate, some experts have criticized the drug as being unproven.
State corrections officials have defended the choice, saying it has been reviewed. The corrections department refused to answer questions from The Associated Press about how it chose etomidate.
Doctors hired by Asay's attorneys raised questions about etomidate in court declarations, saying there are cases where it had caused pain along with involuntary writhing in patients.
But in its opinion allowing the drug to be used, the state's high court said earlier this month that four expert witnesses demonstrated that Asay "is at small risk of mild to moderate pain."
Asay would also be the first Florida inmate executed since a U.S. Supreme Court ruling found the state's method of sentencing people to death to be unconstitutional. The court ruled that the old system was illegal because it gave judges, not juries, the power to decide.
Since then, Florida's Legislature passed a law requiring a unanimous jury for death penalty recommendations.
In Asay's case, jurors recommended death for both murder counts by a 9-3 vote. Even though the new law requires unanimity, Florida's high court ruled that the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling did not apply to older cases.
Asay will be the 24th inmate executed since Gov. Rick Scott has taken office, the most under any governor in Florida history.
Booker's son, Vittorio Robinson, who was 15 when his father was killed, told the Florida Times-Union newspaper in Jacksonville that his father's death helped him realize that racism was still alive.
"I just couldn't believe it," he said, describing when he learned of his father's death. "And then it dawned on me, there are actually still people out there that thought that way."
Ninety countries representing 90% of the global economy are committed to reducing their greenhouse emissions and are taking action to do so.
This is one of the take-home messages from the Climate Commission's report “The Critical Decade: International Action on Climate Change”, released today. The report is based on a comprehensive survey of what is being done in Australia and the rest of the world to reduce carbon emissions.
The report explodes the myth that Australia is going it alone on climate change, or is leading the world in taking action. Not only are the world's wealthy countries taking action, but large developing countries like China and India are moving on emission reductions.
Although China's overall emissions are still growing, they have already come a long way in decoupling their emissions from economic growth. The country is also positioning itself to become a world leader in renewable energy technologies, and by 2011 had more installed renewable energy generation capacity than any other country in the world.
Many of the world's wealthiest countries have been taking effective action on climate change for more than a decade. Over that period 12 of the world's wealthy countries - Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, Japan, Portugal, the Slovak Republic, Sweden and the United States - have all reduced their emissions of carbon dioxide while their economies have continued to grow.
Danish Wind Industry Association
While a variety of low-carbon technologies - including hydropower, biomass and nuclear - are playing a role in emission reductions around the world, the rise of renewable energy technologies like solar and wind has been spectacular over the past few years.
Global investment in renewable power and fuels has increased six-fold since 2004 and totalled $US257 billion in 2011. The uptake of renewable energy is happening faster than most experts had expected, and the costs are also dropping faster. Over the past four years the cost of photovoltaic solar cells dropped by 75%, and by 45% in just the last year.
The United States is making major contributions to the development and implementation of renewable energies. In the second quarter of 2012 wind energy in the US reached 50 gigawatts of electric capacity.
Germany is meeting its emission reduction targets at the same time it is phasing out nuclear energy by making renewable energy the centerpiece of its strategy. It already has 50 gigawatts of installed wind and solar power, and it installed more solar photovoltaic units in 2010 than the entire world did in 2009. Interestingly, Australia's worst region for its solar energy resource (southwest Tasmania) is still better than Germany's best region for solar energy.
Fabian Kurz/Flickr
With the implementation of the carbon pricing scheme and a number of other measures to reduce emissions, Australia is now joining this rapidly growing group of countries that are taking effective action on climate change.
It is certainly appropriate that we do so. Australia is one of the world's carbon heavyweights – the group of 20 countries that contribute 75% of the world's greenhouse has emissions. In fact, we sit 15th on that table, emitting more than 180 other countries do. On a per-person basis, we are the largest emitter in the developed world.
Our action is important globally as it supports those countries that are already taking significant action on climate change and encourages those that are still lagging behind. It also puts us in a stronger and more credible position to help shape a more globally coordinated response to climate change.
Domestically, our moves to reduce carbon emissions put us on the front foot to deal with the global response to the climate change challenge. Rather than being in a reactive position, we can better manage the risks and capitalise on the opportunities that are emerging on the global stage.
The world is entering the clean energy era and the momentum is growing. This is the critical decade to turn the global carbon emissions trend downwards.
We are one of the longest-running, most sought out places for drum & bass! Get involved!
Drum & Bass Mix Show - Archive
677
total plays
recorded live on dnbradio.com
podcast id: 23407 | 2013-06-06 15:06:27 - 106.4 MB
Genre: Drum and Bass Mood: Immoral Label: DNBRADIO
share it
Tracklist:
01 - Chris Octane - Synthetics
02 - Mob Tactics - Outrun
03 - Xtrah - Shock Treatment
04 - Noisia - Crank
05 - Skream & Friction - Kingpin Ft Scrufizzer, P Money & Riko Dan (Calyx & Teebee Remix)
06 - The Upbeats - One Step
07 - BTK - Be Yourself
08 - Audio - Planet Fall
09 - Mefjus - Far Too Close
10 - Dub Phizix ft Skittles - I'm A Creator
11 - Emperor - Radar
12 - Dreadzone - Zion Youth (Bazil remix)
13 - Noisia & Phace - Floating Zero - Icicle Remix
14 - Nymfo - Underfire
15 - Krome and Time - Ganja Man (S.P.Y. and Total Science Remix)
16 - Rido - Exoplanet
17 - Optiv & BTK - Scientist feat. MC Fokus)
18 - Maztek - Odyssey
19 - The Upbeats - Alone feat. Tasha Baxter (Fourward Remix)
20 - Mefjus & InsideInfo - Mythos
21 - DJ Devize - Shock Time
22 - June Miller - From Autumn To Ashes
23 - Phace & Noisia - MPD
24 - Eastcolors - Watch Out (Enei Remix)
25 - Fourward - Steady State (VIP Mix)
26 - Black Sun Empire, Bulletproof & State Of Mind - Roulette (Gridlok Remix)
27 - Break - Kicked To Death
28 - Bladerunner - Back To The Jungle
29 - Future Cut - Obsession (Ulterior Motive Remix)
30 - Enei - Elephants
31 - Wickaman, Hoodlum & Mavrick - Renegade Skank
32 - Calibre - Simple Things
33 - Thing - Economy
34 - Heavy1 - Xiphactinus VIP
35 - Rockwell - Rekohu Sunrise (X Untold)
36 - DRS - Count to Ten (feat. Enei)
37 - N.phect - Mosaic
38 - Calibre - Sick Of It All
39 - Level 2 & Critycal Dub - Watershell
40 - S.P.Y - Roll the Dice
41 - Noisia - Diplodocus
42 - Ed Rush & Optical - Pacman (Upbeats Remix)
43 - Emperor - Tension
44 - Goldstar aka Benny Page - Crazy (Bladerunner Remix)
45 - Joakuim - Esperanza
46 - Villem, Fields, Mako and Linden - Fuse
47 - Octane and DLR and Survival - Transition VIP
48 - The Upbeats - Undertaker
49 - Phace & Misanthrop & Mefjus - Twisted
50 - Alix Perez Ft Foreign Beggars & Jehst - Monolith
51 - Chris Octane - Gaia's Dub
DJ Website:
Additional Info:
facebook.com/jsemusicuk
Get involved. Help DnbRadio grow. click here
Our Fans
Thank you for listening!!!
This article is over 2 years old
The 30 metre hole was all but filled in within 48 hours, although health and safety checks delayed the reopening
A section of road in the centre of the Japanese city of Fukuoka has reopened just days after a sinkhole opened up outside a busy railway station and threatened to topple nearby buildings.
Huge sinkhole opens up in Japanese city: 'I heard a loud boom' Read more
In a typical demonstration of Japanese workmanship and efficiency, workers toiled around the clocks and had practically filled in the section of road in just two days, according to local media.
The road reopened to traffic and pedestrians early on Tuesday after local officials declared the repaired stretch safe.
The weeklong rush to reopen the busy stretch of road included repairs to a sewage pipe and replacing traffic lights and utility poles that were swallowed when the sinkhole opened up shortly after 5am local time on 8 November.
The incident caused power cuts and disrupted phone signals, and gas and water supplies, but there were no reports of injuries.
The biggest city sinkholes around the world – in pictures Read more
The mayor of Fukuoka, Soichiro Takashima, said the affected ground was now 30 times stronger than before, adding that a panel of experts would be set up to establish the cause of the cave-in.
Local media reports said the 30m by 27m sinkhole, which was 15 metres deep, was caused by construction work on an extension to an underground line.
The Fukuoka workers, who filled the hole with 6,200 cubic metres of sand and cement, drew praise on social media. One person tweeted: “I'm surprised the road reopened in a week!” Another said: “Impressive. That was fast.”
The astonishing speed of the repair work brought back memories of the efforts to reopen roads that were badly damaged by the March 2011 triple disaster.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Work went on through the night to repair the huge sinkhole that formed in front of JR Hakata Station. Photograph: The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images
Before-and-after-photos showed how a team of workers took just six days to repair gaping cracks up to 150 metres along a stretch of road north of Tokyo, boosting attempts by emergency and aid workers trying to reach hundreds of thousands of survivors.
After performing his 11th concert this month in Europe as a part of the iTunes Download 2012 festival, Killers lead singer Brandon Flowers appeared on “Skavlan,” a Norwegian TV show, to wrap up a European trip before the Sept. 17 release of the band's new album "Battle Born."
The show started out as a normal celebrity guest appearance, but host Fredrik Skavlan soon began inquiring about Flowers' Mormon faith. Skavlan asked Flowers to describe the "beauty of faith," and the international rock star spoke positively about The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
However, Skavlan later welcomed Richard Dawkins, author of "The God Delusion," onto the stage. The famous atheist immediately was asked his opinion on faith, and began denouncing the Book of Mormon, Joseph Smith and the Mormon faith.
Flowers didn't concede to Dawkins' remarks, although he was obviously surprised the interview had taken this turn.
Talking directly to Flowers, Dawkins called the Book of Mormon "an obvious fake." He also referred to church founder Joseph Smith as a "charlatan."
After several statements by Dawkins, Flowers responded: "The book's been studied and torn apart and looked at — and I am not one of the professors that have done it — but to call this man a charlatan, I take offense to it."
Stephanie Nielson, author of the popular blog "Nie Nie Dialogues," sent out the following tweet in response to the program: "Listening to a Brandon Flowers interview. He's defending the Book of Mormon. Love this guy."
In the October 2009 general conference of the LDS Church, Elder Jeffrey R. Holland, a member of the Quorum of the Twelve, addressed such criticism of the Book of Mormon.
"For 179 years this book has been examined and attacked, denied and deconstructed, targeted and torn apart like perhaps no other book in modern religious history — perhaps like no other book in any religious history," Elder Holland said. "And still it stands."
In describing the scene at Carthage Jail, where Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum were murdered, Elder Holland said, "In their greatest — and last — hour of need, I ask you: would these men blaspheme before God by continuing to fix their lives, their honor, and their own search for eternal salvation on a book (and by implication a church and a ministry) they had fictitiously created out of whole cloth? ...
"Disregard all of that, and tell me whether in this hour of death the two men would enter the presence of their Eternal Judge quoting from and finding solace in a book which, if not the very word of God, would brand them as imposters and charlatans until the end of time? They would not do that! They were willing to die rather than deny the divine origin and the eternal truthfulness of the Book of Mormon."
According to a 2012 Pew Forum poll, 62 percent of Mormons say the American people are uninformed about Mormonism. When asked what the most important problems facing Mormons today are, 56 percent stated either misperceptions about their faith, discrimination or lack of acceptance.
Nirvana is an English pop rock band, formed in London, England in 1965.[1][2] Though the band achieved only limited commercial success, they were acclaimed both by music industry professionals and by critics.[3] In 1985, the band reformed. The members of the original Nirvana took Kurt Cobain to court over the name, eventually reaching a settlement.
History [ edit ]
1965–71: Early years [ edit ]
Nirvana was created as the performing arm of the London-based songwriting partnership of Irish musician Patrick Campbell-Lyons and Greek composer Alex Spyropoulos. On their recordings Campbell-Lyons and Spyropoulos supplied all the vocals. The instrumental work was primarily undertaken by top session musicians and orchestral musicians - with Campbell-Lyons providing a little guitar and Spyropoulos contributing some keyboards.
Musically, Campbell-Lyons and Spyropoulos blended myriad musical styles including rock, pop, folk, jazz, Latin rhythms and classical music, primarily augmented by baroque chamber-style arrangements to create a unique entity.
In October 1967, they released their first album: a concept album produced by Chris Blackwell titled The Story of Simon Simopath.[4] The album was one of the first narrative concept albums ever released, predating story-driven concept albums such as The Pretty Things' S.F. Sorrow (December 1968), The Who's Tommy (April 1969) and The Kinks' Arthur (September 1969), and the Moody Blues album Days of Future Passed (November 1967) by a month.
Island Records launched Nirvana's first album "with a live show at the Saville Theatre, sharing a bill with fellow label acts Traffic, Spooky Tooth, and Jackie Edwards."[3]
Unable to perform their songs live as a duo and with the impending release of their first album, Campbell-Lyons and Spyropoulos decided to create a live performing ensemble, The Nirvana Ensemble, and they recruited four musicians to enable them to undertake concerts and TV appearances.[5] Though hired to be part of the live performance group rather than as band members, these four musicians were also included in the photograph alongside the core duo on the album cover of their first album to assist in projecting an image of a group rather than a duo. However they were not core founding members of the group and within a few months Nirvana had reverted to its original two-person lineup. The four musicians who augmented Campbell-Lyons and Spyropoulos on their live appearances and television shows for those few months were Ray Singer (guitar), Brian Henderson (bass), Sylvia A. Schuster (cello) and Michael Coe (French horn, viola). Sue & Sunny also participated in The Nirvana Ensemble, providing vocals.[6]
The band appeared on French television with Salvador Dalí, who splashed black paint on them during a performance of their second single "Rainbow Chaser." Campbell-Lyons kept the jacket, but regrets that Dalí did not sign any of their paint-splashed clothes. Island Records allegedly sent the artist an invoice for the cleaning of Schuster's cello.
Following the minor chart success of "Rainbow Chaser", "live appearances became increasingly rare" and the songwriting duo at the core of Nirvana "decided to disband the sextet" and to rely on session musicians for future recordings.[3] Spyropoulos cited Schuster's departure due to pregnancy as the instigator for the band returning to its core membership. Campbell-Lyons also cited the high cost of having the additional members as a reason for their departure.[7] Schuster later became principal cellist of the BBC Symphony Orchestra.[8]
In 1968, the duo recorded their second album, All Of Us, which featured a similar broad range of musical styles as their first album.
Their third album, Black Flower, was rejected by Blackwell, comparing it disparagingly to Francis Lai's A Man and a Woman. Under the title, To Markos III (supposedly named for a "rich uncle" of Spyropoulos who helped finance the album), it was released in the UK on the Pye label in May 1970, though reportedly only 250 copies were pressed it was deleted shortly after. One track, "Christopher Lucifer," was a jibe at Blackwell.[9]
In 1971 the duo amicably separated, with Campbell-Lyons the primary contributor to the next two Nirvana albums, Local Anaesthetic 1971, and Songs Of Love And Praise 1972, the latter featuring the return of Sylvia Schuster. Campbell-Lyons subsequently worked as a solo artist and issued further albums: Me And My Friend, 1973, The Electric Plough, 1981, and The Hero I Might Have Been, 1983, though these did not enjoy commercial success.
The duo reunited in 1985, touring Europe and releasing a compilation album Black Flower (Bam-Caruso, 1987) which contained some new material. (Black Flower had been the original planned title of their third album). In the 1990s two further albums were released. Secret Theatre 1994 compiled rare tracks and demos, while Orange and Blue 1996 contained previously unreleased material including a flower-power cover of Kurt Cobain's song "Lithium" originally recorded by Cobain's grunge band of the same name, Nirvana. According to the band's official website, this was intended as part of a tongue-in-cheek album called Nirvana Sings Nirvana that was aborted when Cobain died. When the recording was presented on the Orange and Blue album, Campbell-Lyons's liner notes treated it seriously and with allusion to Heathcliff from Wuthering Heights. Also according to the website, the band still wanted to open for Hole even after Cobain's death.
The original group filed a lawsuit in California against the Seattle grunge band in 1992. The matter was settled out of court on undisclosed terms that apparently allowed both bands to continue using the name and issuing new recordings without any packaging disclaimers or caveats to distinguish one Nirvana from the other. Music writer Everett True has claimed that Cobain's record label paid $100,000 to the original Nirvana to permit Cobain's band continued use of the name.[10]
In 1999, they released a three-disc CD anthology titled Chemistry, including twelve previously unreleased tracks and some new material. Their first three albums were reissued on CD by Universal Records in 2003 and received critical acclaim. In 2005, Universal (Japan) reissued Local Anaesthetic and Songs Of Love And Praise.
In 2018 a new album was released on the Island label "Rainbow Chaser: The 60s Recordings (The Island Years)" which featured the first 2 albums from this UK psychedelic group in a 2CD package, featuring 52 tracks with 27 previously unreleased outtakes, demos and alternative versions. Included in these tracks are some rare gems that clearly show how the group influenced pop at the time.
Musical styles and techniques [ edit ]
The group were in the school of baroque-flavoured, melodic pop-rock music typified by the Beach Boys of Pet Sounds and God Only Knows, the Zombies of Odessey and Oracle and Time Of The Season, the Procol Harum of A Whiter Shade of Pale, the Moody Blues of Days of Future Passed and Nights in White Satin and the Kinks of Waterloo Sunset and the Love of Forever Changes. The majority of the tracks on Nirvana's albums fell into that broad genre of contemporary popular music, not easily categorized but perhaps best described as the baroque or chamber strand of progressive rock, soft rock or orchestral pop and chamber pop.[citation needed]
The Nirvana song "Rainbow Chaser" is thought to be the first-ever British recording to feature the audio effect known as phasing or flanging throughout an entire track, as distinct from occasionally within a song such as the Small Faces in "Itchycoo Park". Phasing was, by 1967, heavily identified with the musical style known as psychedelia, and as "Rainbow Chaser" was the only Nirvana single to achieve commercial success, peaking at number 34 in UK Singles Chart during May 1968,[11] they were invariably tagged as a "psychedelic" band. "Rainbow Chaser" was one of the few Nirvana recordings that had any connection with "psychedelic" music. "Orange and Blue", though, was acknowledged to have been written under the influence of LSD according to the liner notes of the eponymous album.[citation needed]
Notable collaborators [ edit ]
A who's-who of behind-the-scenes craftsmen, who went on to become Britain's top producers, arrangers, engineers and mixers of the 1970s, chose to work with Nirvana in the late 1960s and in essence cut their studio teeth working with Nirvana. Two of these arranger/producers actually worked with Nirvana before working with The Beatles and The Rolling Stones.
Nirvana's producers, arrangers, engineers and mixers included:
Mike Weighell, Nova Studios, beginning of the 1970s.
Others who worked on production with Nirvana include Muff Winwood (formerly of the Spencer Davis Group); arranger/producer Mike Hurst who worked with Jimmy Page, Cat Stevens, Manfred Mann, Spencer Davis Group and Colin Blunstone; arranger Johnny Scott who arranged for the Hollies and subsequently scored films such as The Shooting Party and Greystoke.
Top musicians who played on Nirvana sessions include: Lesley Duncan, Big Jim Sullivan, Herbie Flowers, Billy Bremner (later of Rockpile/Dave Edmunds fame), Luther Grosvenor, Clem Cattini and the full lineup of rock band Spooky Tooth, Pete Kelly (also known as Patrick Joseph Kelly)(Keyboards) who also co-wrote the 'Modus Operandi'track on the 'Local Anaesthetic' album.
Discography [ edit ]
Albums [ edit ]
Singles [ edit ]
"Tiny Goddess" (July 1967)
"Pentecost Hotel" (October 1967)
"Rainbow Chaser" (March 1968) - UK Singles Chart No. 34 [11]
"Girl in the Park" (July 1968)
"All of Us" (November 1968)
"Wings of Love" (January 1969)
"Oh! What a Performance" (May 1969)
"The Picture of Dorian Gray" (September 1981)[12]
Doctrine of the Order
Link to Articles Index
Contents:
Jedi Believe
The Three Tenets
The Code
The Creed
The 16 Teachings
The 21 Maxims
Jediism is a religion based on the observance of the Force, a ubiquitous and metaphysical power that a Jedi (a follower of Jediism) believes to be the underlying, fundamental nature of the universe. Jediism finds its roots in philosophies similar to those presented in an epic space opera called “Star Wars”. It is a religion in and of itself.
The Jedi religion is an inspiration and a way of life for many people throughout the world who take on the mantle of Jedi. Jedi apply the principles, ideals, philosophies and teachings of Jediism in a practical manner within their lives. Real Jedi do not worship George Lucas or Star Wars or anything of the sort. Jediism is not based in fiction, but we accept myth as a sometimes more practical mean of conveying philosophies applicable to real life.
In the Force, and in the inherent worth of all life within it.
In the sanctity of the human person. We oppose the use of torture and cruel or unusual punishment, including the death penalty.
In a society governed by laws grounded in reason and compassion, not in fear or prejudice.
In a society that does not discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation or circumstances of birth such as gender, ethnicity and national origin.
In the ethic of reciprocity, and how moral concepts are not absolute but vary by culture, religion and over time.
In the positive influence of spiritual growth and awareness on society.
In the importance of freedom of conscience and self-determination within religious, political and other structures.
In the separation of religion and government and the freedoms of speech, association and expression.
Contents
When used correctly, the Jedi Tenets allow us to better ourselves and overcome any obstacle. They help us improve the world around us and fulfil our purpose in life as a Jedi.
Focus Knowledge Wisdom Focus is the art of pruning the irrelevant and pouring the best of your mind into what you are doing. Knowledge can be acquired by focusing on the task at hand. Wisdom is the sound application of accrued knowledge and experience through patient, good judgment.
Contents
The Jedi Code comes in two versions which are different ways of understanding the same teaching.
Emotion, yet Peace. There is no Emotion, there is Peace. Ignorance, yet Knowledge. There is no Ignorance, there is Knowledge. Passion, yet Serenity. There is no Passion, there is Serenity. Chaos, yet Harmony. There is no Chaos, there is Harmony. Death, yet the Force. There is no Death, there is the Force.
by Greg Costikyan
I am a Jedi, an instrument of peace;
Where there is hatred I shall bring love;
Where there is injury, pardon;
Where there is doubt, faith;
Where there is despair, hope;
Where there is darkness, light;
And where there is sadness, joy.
I am a Jedi.
I shall never seek so much to be consoled as to console;
To be understood as to understand;
To be loved as to love;
For it is in giving that we receive;
It is in pardoning that we are pardoned;
And it is in dying that we are born to eternal life.
The Force is with me always, for I am a Jedi.
Creed adopted from the Prayer of St. Francis of Assisi, author unknown, 1915.
Contents
1. Jedi are in touch with the Force. We are open to spiritual awareness and keep our minds in tune with the beauty of the world. We are forever learning and open our minds to experiences and knowledge of ourselves and others.
2. Jedi maintain a clear mind; which can be achieved through meditation and contemplation. Our minds can become unduly troubled and concerned with the happenings of the world. We must work on overcoming our individual issues through training and diligence.
3. Jedi are aware of the future impacts of action and inaction and of the influence of the past, but live in and focus on the Now. We let ourselves flow like water through the events around us. We embrace the ever changing and fluid world, adapting and changing as it does.
4. Jedi are wary of attachments, both material and personal. The obsession over possessions and people creates the fear of losing those possessions and relationships which can cause ourselves to be trapped in a state of depression and loss.
5. Jedi understand that well-being consists in the physical, the mental and the spiritual. A Jedi trains each to ensure they remain capable of performing their duties to the best of their ability. All of these are interconnected and essential parts of our training in becoming more harmonious with the Force.
6. Jedi use their skills to the best of their ability. We do not use our knowledge and skill to boast or be prideful. We are mindful of the ego and mindful of our actions, exercising wisdom and humility.
7. Jedi understand their limitations. We recognise, and take responsibility, for our failures and develop a level of modesty about them. We respect the right for others to disagree and understand that they themselves are not perfect.
8. Jedi are patient. We work on training ourselves not to precipitate events around us. We know that becoming a Jedi is long and hard and requires rigorous dedication and commitment. Jedi train to act with a conscientious state of calmness.
9. Jedi have integrity. We are authentic to what we believe and are open, honest and true to our purpose and our minds. We remove all masks to reveal ourselves as courageous and noble of heart. We do not hide from fear of damage to our image because we know that our image cannot be blemished from the words and actions of others.
10. Jedi serve in many ways. Each action performed, no matter the scale, influences the world. With this in mind Jedi perform each action with peace, caring, love, compassion and humility. So it is that each Jedi improves the world with each deed they perform.
11. Jedi are mindful of their thoughts. We recognise the beauty in others and we provide help to those who come seeking it. Through our benevolent actions we strengthen not only ourselves but also our communities. Jedi act without prejudice.
12. Jedi believe that love and compassion are central to their lives. We must love and care for each other as we must love and care for ourselves; by doing this we envelop all life in the positivity of our actions and thoughts. We are providers and beacons of hope.
13. Jedi cultivate empathy. We try to view things from another's perspective making us sensitive listeners. We provide the confidence people need when talking through their difficulties and we share our learning with those who would benefit. We do this to help create a more harmonious society.
14. Jedi are guardians of peace. We believe in helping all those that are in need, in whatever form, to the best of our ability. We recognise that sometimes providing help requires courage in the face of adversity but understand that conflict is resolved through peace, understanding and harmony.
15. Jedi believe in eternal life through the Force. We do not become obsessed in mourning those who pass. We may grieve at their passing but we are content, knowing that they will forever be a part of the Force and so always a part of us.
16. Jedi make a commitment to their cause and to humanity. Our ideals, philosophies, and practices define the belief of Jediism and we take action on this path for self-improvement and to help others. We are both the witnesses and protectors of the Jedi way by the practice of our convictions.
Contents
Prowess: To seek excellence in all endeavors expected of a Jedi.
A Jedi strives to acquire greater skill and expertise in what they do at all times so that it may be used in the service of the greater good, and not for personal profit. This requires discipline, patience and perfect practice.
Justice: To always seek the path of ‘right'.
A Jedi is unencumbered by bias or personal interest. Justice is a double-edged sword, one that protects the weak, yet also passes judgements according to a set of values. A Jedi tolerates that which is not Jedi and does not pass judgement on that which causes no harm for it is just.
Loyalty: To have faith in your Jedi brothers and sisters.
A Jedi remains true to what they have learned and to their own teachings. A Jedi always serves those who wish to learn more of the ways of the Force and in doing so, remain loyal to the way of Jediism and their Order.
Defense: To defend the way of Jediism.
A Jedi is sworn by oath to defend their faith and all it encompasses.
Courage: To have the will.
To be a Jedi sometimes means choosing the more difficult path, the personally expensive one. A Jedi knows they must make the right choice, take the right side and that the weak they have sworn to defend often stand alone. A Jedi puts aside fear, regret, and uncertainty yet knows the difference between courage and sheer stupidity.
Faith: To trust in the ways of the Force.
Although the ways of the Force may seem strange at times, a Jedi always knows their place and their role within it.
Humility: To accept the ego for what it is.
A Jedi does not boast of their accomplishments and knows that their accomplishment is its own reward.
Fearlessness: To have no self-imposed limits.
Fear is that which prevents a Jedi from accomplishing their duty. A Jedi learns to let go of their fears through their faith in the Force and has no shame in admitting their shortfalls when they occur.
Nobility: To act with honour.
A Jedi does not engage in petty, mean or otherwise dubious activities. Acting with stature and distinction influences others, offering a compelling example of what can be achieved by those who follow Jediism.
Honesty: To avoid lies.
A Jedi is honest with themselves and seeks to always go beyond appearances. There can be no honest self without the knowledge and wisdom to see truth.
Pure Motive: To act with motive and purpose.
Without a sound motive and purpose, action has no meaning, no destination and lacks a foundation. A Jedi moves with the Force, trusts in its ways. A Jedi's actions are firmly based upon a deep motivation to be as their path dictates.
Discipline: To let the self be sole master of the self.
A Jedi's mind is structured, peaceful, unencumbered by emotions, physical state or external stimuli.
Focus: To select what matters most.
A Jedi focuses in the task at hand. Although a Jedi is aware of the past, and wary of the present's impact on the future, through discipline they know how to select and concentrate on priorities.
Discretion: To become invisible.
A Jedi knows there is a time and place for all things. They do not actively interfere in worldly affairs and refrain from overtly supporting or opposing other individuals or organizations.
Meditation: To exercise the mind.
Through regular meditation a Jedi examines their motivations, and are certain that they are not allowing emotion, ignorance, or passion to intrude upon them. Meditation can be used by a Jedi to improve their mindfulness, focus, or patience.
Training: To know one's ignorance.
A Jedi knows there is always something more to learn and seeks new lessons every day.
Integrity: To be consistent.
A Jedi lives as a Jedi at all times. Hypocrisy is their worst enemy.
Morality: To know the danger of belief.
A Jedi knows how contradicting beliefs of what is right and wrong can lead to devastating crimes and conflicts. A Jedi takes a step away from the subjectivity of opinion in favour of the peace of objectivity. A Jedi does not force their values upon others.
Conflict: To know when to fight.
A Jedi knows the conflicting nature of the Force but they also know its peace and serenity. A Jedi never blindly enters conflict and always does so for the greater good.
Intervention: To know when not to act.
A Jedi knows how inaction can have as great an impact as action and how some of the greatest lessons are self-taught. To be a victor is also taking that victory from those you protect. A Jedi intervenes only when a Jedi's intervention is required.
Harmony: To be connected to the Force.
A Jedi seeks to live in harmony with the Force, for that is the reason to be a Jedi. To better understand its ways, to better know one's place within it.
Contents
What can be found under the skin of Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button's MP4-31 charger? Nicolas Carpentiers provides you with a series of exclusive images along with the explanations.
PROGRESS DESPITE LIMITED SCOPE FOR DEVELOPMENT
Despite a testing return to Formula One, Honda elected not to change the overall architecture of its V6 turbocharged power unit ahead of the second campaign in its renewed alliance with McLaren.
This means the compressor and turbine still feature within the ‘Vee' of the engine, whereas the potent Mercedes design uses a split-turbo concept with one element at the front and the second one at the back.
However, the size of both elements, which was a weakness on the 2015-spec unit, has been increased as much as possible in a bid to drive the turbine shaft more forcefully where the MGU-H recovers kinetic energy.
“I think the original turbine was developed with size constraints as the first priority, and performance was the second priority; that has changed now,” Honda's head of F1 project Yusuke Hasegawa was quoted as saying by Racecar Engineering. “This year we increased the size of the turbine.”
Already more efficient, the turbocharger was further optimised ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix, with an update that aimed at improving energy recovery.
The extra room needed to house the resized turbocharger was found around the air inlet plenum, which is slightly bigger compared to its 2015-spec predecessor. Inside, the intake manifolds now point upwards instead of bending at an angle of 90 degrees.
Honda's ERS might be more efficient this year but the overall architecture of the RA616H power unit continues to limit the Japanese manufacturer to an undersized turbocharger
While the Honda energy recovery systems (ERS) are more efficient, the turbocharger remains undersized compared to what can be found on the other F1 power units, since the overall architecture of the RA616H engine prevents any further increase.
With the engine development token system set to be scrapped at the end of the current campaign, the Japanese manufacturer has planned a major overhaul of its package. Engineers at its Sakura factory have been busy working on next year's engine spec since January, with the project gradually absorbing resources tabled for 2016.
On the image above, one can spot the boost pipework that channels the compressed and cooled air from the intercooler up to the plenum. One can also notice the peculiar shape of the orange-coloured air filter with its circular deflector sitting atop.
(Health.com) -- Lynda, a 48-year-old mother of three who lives in upstate New York, got a diagnosis of fibromyalgia in 2000. While there are prescription medications for fibromyalgia, she's found one unconventional drug -- marijuana -- that really does the trick.
"I would use [marijuana] when the burning pains started down my spine or my right arm, and shortly after, I found I could continue with housework and actually get more done," says Lynda.
Fibromyalgia is notoriously difficult to treat and only 35 percent - 40 percent of people with the chronic pain condition get relief from the available medications. Although there are strong opinions surrounding its use, some patients are trying marijuana -- legally or illegally -- and finding it can help fibromyalgia pain.
"My patients are asking me all the time about it," says Stuart Silverman, M.D., a rheumatologist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, in Los Angeles. "Historically and anecdotally, marijuana has been used as a painkiller."
Why marijuana sometimes helps
Our bodies naturally make pain relievers called endorphins, but they also make other substances that can trigger pain relief in the so-called endocannabinoid system. This system seems to play a key role in many processes in the body, including modulating how we feel pain. Marijuana contains cannabinoids very similar to those that occur in the body naturally.
Fibromyalgia patients typically experience bodywide pain, but they must often take multiple drugs for other symptoms, which can include difficulty sleeping, restless legs syndrome, depression, and anxiety. However, marijuana may treat multiple symptoms, and some patients are seeing results.
It seems logical -- why shouldn't fibromyalgia sufferers try marijuana for their symptoms, if they live in a state where medical marijuana is legal?
But there are two problems with herbal cannabis, Silverman and other critics say: It's a complex natural substance that contains about 60 different compounds with potentially medicinal effects, some of which may interact with one another. The other problem is that the amount of these various compounds may vary by batch, as marijuana is not synthesized but grown.
While Silverman says he has great hopes that synthetic medicines based on individual compounds in cannabis may one day help fibromyalgia patients (after appropriate randomized controlled clinical trials have been done), he argues that the real thing today is just too inconsistent.
"We think that there's probably a role for that class of compounds, the cannabinoids in general, and it's just a question of working out how that's going to be put into practice," says Mark Ware, M.D., an assistant professor in family medicine and anesthesia at McGill University, in Montreal, and the executive director of the Canadian Consortium for the Investigation of Cannabinoids.
Drugs derived from marijuana
Ware recently published a study showing that one such compound, nabilone (Cesamet), helped fibromyalgia patients sleep better. It was more effective than amitriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant often prescribed to fibromyalgia patients to ease pain and improve sleep. And a study published a couple of years ago found nabilone helped lessen pain and anxiety in fibromyalgia patients.
Health.com: Everyday challenges of Fibromyalgia
Nabilone is a synthetic analog of delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol -- THC for short -- often thought of as the active ingredient of cannabis. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the drug back in 1985 for treating nausea in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
The only other cannabis-based drug now on the market in the U.S. is dronabinol, which is sold as Marinol in the U.S. and is FDA-approved for treating chemo-related nausea and vomiting. It hasn't been tested formally in fibromyalgia patients, although Lynda received a prescription for Marinol in 2006.
"The drug makes me more tired and doesn't last long enough in my system, but I've stuck with it since then for two basic reasons -- I do supplement with marijuana, just not as many times per day," she says. "There are times that I don't use all day or week or month."
Health.com: 10 food rules for pain patients
A third cannabis-based medicine, Sativex, is now in clinical trials in the United States for treating cancer pain.
The drug is sprayed under the tongue or into the cheek, and contains THC and cannabidiol, a non-psychoactive compound found in cannabis that eases inflammation and pain and may also reduce the side effects of THC (like anxiety, hunger production, and some of the intoxicating properties), as well as a number of other compounds (other cannabinoids and terpenoids, which are analgesics in their own rights).
But do they help?
"It is quite possible that cannabis-based medicines could be helpful for sufferers of fibromyalgia based on available science," says Ethan Russo, M.D., who is senior medical advisor to GW Pharmaceuticals, which makes Sativex, and a study physician for the U.S. clinical trials now underway for cancer treatment.
Health.com: Is Chronic Pain Ruining Your Relationship?
Russo says he's hopeful Sativex will get FDA approval for treating cancer pain in 2013. "While a theoretical basis for Sativex potentially helping benefit fibromyalgia symptoms is quite strong, and we know it has been very helpful with neuropathic pain and sleep disturbance in many other conditions," he adds, "it's ultimate utility in fibromyalgia can only be proven in a meaningful, practical fashion through formal randomized clinical trials."
For now, Ware says, patients with fibromyalgia who aren't being helped by their existing treatment might want to discuss nabilone with their physician. "A lot of doctors just don't know that these prescription cannabinoids exist," he says.
However, these drugs have side effects too. "The most typical side effects are what I call the three D's: drowsiness, dizziness, and dry mouth. It's not euphoria as such," he adds.
In Canada, federal law allows patients to use medical marijuana with a doctor's support (they can't prescribe marijuana because it's not approved as a drug in Canada) of the patient's application to possess; the drug is delivered directly to the patient, and grown under controlled conditions by the government.
"I have patients with a range of pain syndromes who have failed all their other treatments and for whom herbal cannabis has been the only reasonable option that they have that controls their symptoms," Ware says. In such cases, he adds, he will help the patient obtain the card they need to authorize them to possess the drug.
But in the U.S., the legality of medical marijuana is determined state-by-state (it's now legal in 14 states), and rules and regulations vary widely.
And while Attorney General Eric Holder said last year that he would no longer go after people who were selling or using medical marijuana legally, many users -- and potential users -- are fearful of the legal risks they may be taking.
Health.com: A state-by-state guide to medical marijuana laws
"Licensed for use or not, it's still a federal crime, says Dee, a 52-year-old medical assistant with fibromyalgia, who lives in Colorado, which passed a law allowing medical marijuana in 2000. While visiting a wellness center for therapeutic massages, staffers suggested she try marijuana for her symptoms.
After getting her doctor's approval, "I tried a little of this and a little of that. I would say that most of the time my pain was not relieved," although she did sleep better and had a better appetite. "I did find one plant that really did help, but it was hard to get, and you only get so much grown per plant for year."
Health.com: 10 gifts that ease the pain
So when the time came for Dee to get her state license to use medical marijuana (Colorado gives people 90 days), at a cost of $90 every year, "I let the ball drop."
While Dee says she has no problem with medical marijuana, she is concerned about the increase of dispensaries across the state. "There are more places to purchase medical marijuana than banks or Mexican restaurants now," she says.
In New York, the state assembly has approved medical marijuana legislation, and Lynda says she is working to support legalization efforts there. For now, legal or not, she is continuing to use marijuana.
"I would suggest to any 'fibromyalgiac' to try marijuana if they are open to it," says Lynda.
"I swore when I became a parent I would not touch weed again (ah, youth), but times have changed, and I was desperate to find something for the burning pain so I could function. I'm glad that I made this decision because it works for me."
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) forecast economic growth for India to dip to 4.25% in the year to 31 March in its World Economic Outlook released on Tuesday, saying the economy would continue to underperform because of regulatory, infrastructural, and financing issues.
IMF also cut its estimate for global economic growth for the year to 31 December to 2.9% from the 3.1% it projected in July, largely because of deterioration of the economic prospects of emerging markets such as India and, to a lesser extent, China.
The two sets of numbers aren't comparable because the Indian numbers are for gross domestic product at factor cost, which is what India's government and economists prefer. The global numbers are at market price, which is what the Fund uses.
The multilateral agency expects the country's growth to improve somewhat to 5% in the next fiscal year if exports strengthen and supply bottlenecks ease.
The 4.25% growth rate will be the lowest the Indian economy has grown at since 2002-03, when it expanded by 4%. Between 2004-05 and 2011-12, the economy expanded at an average of 8.3% every year.
The latest projection is less than the government's estimate of GDP growth of 5-5.5%. IMF said robust farm production will be offset by an anaemic performance by the manufacturing and services sectors, and that the current monetary tightening will crimp domestic demand.
The finance ministry, in a quarterly review of the economy for the April-June period posted on its website, said current macroeconomic trends indicate that a combination of global and domestic developments is likely to result in a “shallow U" shaped recovery in 2013-14.
“Further, various high frequency indicators from the industrial sector such as industrial production, manufacturing PMI (Purchasing Managers' Index) and auto sales suggest that the sluggish trend in the industrial sector is likely to continue for some more time. IIP (Index of Industrial Production) based in-house forecast shows moderation in industrial output till October 2013 and modest recovery thereafter," it added.
India's economy grew by 4.4% in the three months ended 30 June, its slowest quarterly pace in four years. In 2012-13, economic growth at 5% was the slowest in a decade.
At market price, India's economy will expand slower than that of sub-Saharan Africa. IMF shaved its 2013 GDP growth projection for India to 3.8% in terms of market price from 5.6% estimated in July.
The Asian Development Bank on 2 October slashed its growth forecast for India to 4.7% for 2013-14 from 6%. It expects economic growth in India to pick up in 2014-15 to 5.7%, down from the 6.5% projected earlier.
IMF said emerging market and developing economy growth rates are now down some three percentage points from 2010, with Brazil, China and India accounting for about two-thirds of the decline.
“Together with recent forecast disappointments, this growth decline has prompted further downgrades to medium-term output projections for emerging market economies," IMF said.
The Fund said these reductions in potential growth point to some serious structural impediments.
“For example, India's potential has been undermined by supply bottlenecks arising from problems in the regulatory framework for mining, energy, telecommunications and other sectors; a consequent slowdown in permits and project approvals; and overstretched corporate balance sheets," it said. The current pressure on the economy has “put further premium" on fiscal consolidation and implementing structural reforms, the Fund added.
However, IMF reasoned that the current slowdown in India's growth is a result of unwinding of earlier positive cyclical factors and should not be construed as permanent fall in the longer-term, steady-state growth rate.
India's growth in 2018-19 will bounce back to 6.7%, which is the average of the past 15 years' growth (1998-2013), it said.
IMF's projection of growth of 6.7% by 2018-19 also means India's potential growth rate is not 8-9%, according to D.K. Joshi, chief economist at Crisil Ltd, the credit rating agency.
“It is a pessimistic forecast," Joshi said. “It also means the phase of high growth rate from 2003-04 to 2007-08 was a blip."
However, if the government takes the right policy actions, growth could surprise on the upper side in the medium term, Joshi said.
The outlook in emerging Asia, including India, remains robust over the medium term, anchored by the steady rise in domestic demand, according to an economic forecast for southeast Asia, China and India released on Tuesday by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), a grouping of rich nations.
Although emerging Asia has made remarkable economic progress over the past four decades, some of the middle-income developing economies face difficult challenges to sustain their long-term growth and move beyond the middle-income trap, Mario Pezzini, director of the OECD Development Centre, said in a statement. “In the best scenario, if fundamental changes are applied, China and Thailand could become high-income countries within 20 years," Pezzini said. “On the other hand, Vietnam and India will need more than 40 years to reach the high-income group."
IMF said that in a number of economies, including Brazil, India and Indonesia, more monetary tightening may well be needed to address continued inflationary pressure from capacity constraints, which will likely be reinforced by recent currency depreciation. Since January, the rupee has weakened about 11% against the dollar and has lost the second most after Indonesian rupiah in Asia.
BOYISH looks and wide eyes betray his lineage. Jason Carter is running for governor of Georgia, a post his grandfather Jimmy held before he was president. The Carter name is both a boon and a burden. It is unlikely that Jason would have cruised to the Democratic nomination without it. However, the 39th president has a mixed reputation even in his home state. Liberals applaud his Nobel peace prize and his charity work. Conservatives, who are more numerous in Georgia, remember the malaise of the late 1970s, the botched Iranian hostage crisis and the ridiculous episode of the “killer rabbit”.
The younger Mr Carter insists that he is his own man. Christian conservatives, who form a big chunk of the Georgian electorate, tend to be pro-Israel; so whereas Jimmy Carter talks of Israeli “apartheid”, Jason stresses his support for the Jewish state. He distances himself from his grandfather's love of green regulations and hostility to oil pipelines. Unlike his grandpa, he is pro-death penalty and no foe of the gun lobby. The elder Mr Carter obligingly plays a “minimal” role in his campaign.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Will this be enough for Jason to win in a state that is far more Republican than it was in Jimmy's day? It could be close: the RealClearPolitics poll of polls puts Mr Carter's Republican opponent, Nathan Deal, two percentage points ahead. Mr Carter has raised $1m more than Mr Deal so far this year, which is striking, since Mr Deal is the incumbent governor. Mr Deal's supporters dismiss Mr Carter as a “liberal trial lawyer” and a “limousine liberal” (he has accepted donations from Steven Spielberg and George Soros). But the race may turn on issues of more substance.
Mr Deal can boast that unemployment has fallen from 10.1% when he took office in 2011 to 7.8% now. But it is worse than it was in April (6.9%) and better than only one other state, Mississippi. Average hourly wages have increased 3.7% in Georgia under Mr Deal, less than the national average of 4.6%. The governor has offered tax breaks for new factories and cut a few regulations, but this has yet to bear fruit.
The governor has taken a firm stand on health care, albeit mostly to say “no”. His last significant act as a congressman (his previous job) was to vote against Obamacare. As governor, he spurned federal money to expand Medicaid, the public health programme for the hard-up, reasoning that Georgia would eventually get stuck with much of the bill. Mr Carter has not talked much about health care—the word “Obamacare” is toxic in Georgia—but he says he would expand Medicaid. That should help him with blacks, who are 30% of the population and solidly Democratic, but who don't always vote.
Mr Carter knows he needs a good turnout among blacks. “I'd tell you how important it is to get out and vote, but y'all already know,” he told a sea of pink, green and yellow hats at Atlanta's Jackson Memorial Baptist church on August 10th. Ben Jealous, a former head of the NAACP, a civil-rights group, has crunched some numbers. If 60% of Georgia's unregistered black voters get registered and then turn out at levels seen in previous elections, that would be 290,000 extra votes—30,000 more than the average margin of victory in Georgia's recent governor's races.
Mr Carter talks more about education, but his ideas sound somewhat half-baked. He wants a new, separate education budget—Georgia spends less on education than 39 out of the 50 states. Mr Carter says a top-to-bottom review of government spending would uncover needed cash. But when pushed, he cannot pinpoint the wasteful expenditure he would cut. “Everyone knows it's there,” he says, which is not much of an answer.
By contrast, Mr Deal is happy to keep schools much as they are. Besides rewarding the best teachers with more pay, he intends only to tinker with the formula for funding schools. At a festival in Norcross on August 29th he thanked Vietnamese parents, through an interpreter, for educating their children so assiduously. “We appreciate your respect for family and for religion,” he said. A star-struck manicurist in the crowd said he would vote for Mr Deal because “he really cares about the Vietnamese community”. But he will have to try hard to win more minority votes: he received hardly any four years ago.
Mr Deal faces allegations that his aides smothered an investigation into the finances of his 2010 campaign. Charles Bullock of the University of Georgia predicts that he will win anyway, but that Mr Carter's “brand power” will help the Democrats in future elections. Mr Carter has time on his side. His grandfather did not become governor until his second attempt.
BBC Panorama/screenshot Democratic candidates found plenty to agree on during their first debate Tuesday night.
But one topic — and person — produced a clear divide: Edward Snowden and National Security Agency surveillance.
The Democratic front-runner and former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, unequivocally rejected the characterization of Snowden by many as a "whistleblower."
She said Snowden should return to the US and "face the music."
"He broke the laws of the United States. He could have been a whistleblower. He could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower," Clinton said.
"He could have raised all of the issues that he has raised. And I think there would have been a positive response to that. In addition, he stole very important information that has unfortunately fallen into a lot of the wrong hands. So I don't think he should be brought home without facing the music."
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) agreed. He said Snowden put US "lives at risk" and questioned his decision to "run to Russia."
"Snowden put a lot of Americans lives at risk. Snowden broke the law. Whistleblowers do not run to Russia and try to get protection from Putin. If he really believes that, he should be back here," O'Malley said.
But Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont), the race's liberal insurgent, took a more sympathetic view of Snowden and pledged to end the NSA's surveillance programs as they are currently constructed.
I think Snowden played a very important role in educating the American people to the degree in which our civil liberties and our constitutional rights are being undermined. He did break the law and I think there should be a penalty to that. But I think what he did in educating us should be taken into consideration before he is sentenced.
Lincoln Chafee, the former governor and US senator from Rhode Island, agreed and said he would bring Snowden home.
"No, I would bring him home. … The American government was acting illegally, that's what the federal courts have said," Chafee said.
Finally, former Sen. Jim Webb (D-Virginia) said that though he believes there's a "serious problem" with the NSA's programs, the final word on Snowden should rest with the US legal system.
"I would leave his ultimate judgment to the legal system," he said. "Here's what I do believe: We have a serious problem in terms of the collection of personal information in this country."
I recently stopped by The Parkside Lounge, 317 E. Houston at Attorney Street, to talk with co-owner Christopher Lee about the newly renovated back-room lounge and accompanying brand-new bar.Lee started bartending at this Lower East Side mainstay in 2003, and became co-owner (joining Karen Waltermire) in 2009. Originally from Natchitoches, La., Lee says he knew the minute he walked into the long-standing bar it was the place for him.Here, he discusses the new space and what it took to make it happen.We renovated everything back there with the goal of it being a more inviting space to perform in as well as be more comfortable for our patrons.The room no longer smells like old stale beer thanks to the new hardwood floors. Just getting rid of the carpet was a big addition. There's a brand new air-conditioning unit and ducts to better regulate our seasonal climate. I love the aesthetic that it brings as well. What used to be something we tried to hide is front and center, shiny and functional.We took down a non-load-bearing wall to open up the space and make room for our new bar. The room really does feel much bigger now.Between the new floor and the wall coming down, we were concerned about the acoustics of the space. We've had many musicians over the years tell us that the sound in the room was amazing and we didn't want to mess that up. The carpet that was there didn't smell very good but it really kept the sound warm. To that end we brought in some super high-tech soundproofing that was installed underneath the new sheetrock (our neighbors appreciated this step as well). We also invested in an updated PA system for the performances back there.We've got new lights to update that aspect of the space. I'm an actor and love seeing people come in and rethink the room for theater. We've had a few shows in here recently and I really love it when the playing space isn't on the stage. Now refocusing lights will be a button click away rather than something we have to manually do before each performance. Flexibility in what you can do as a business is important. With the neighborhood around us in a constant state of flux staying relevant is what keeps our doors open.We installed a full bar dedicated to the space. This was a big step for us. Between the requirements for the city and the State Liquor Authority (SLA), getting the license alone was a marathon endeavor.Having bartended for years in high-volume environments, being able to serve a packed room was an important part of the design but we didn't want it to take over the space either. The wood is beautiful, tough, and fits in perfectly back there. I love perching on the corner back there watching bands over everyone's heads. It just feels great.Oh dear Lord, I can't fully answer this. Let me just say that coordinating with City Hall, the SLA, contractors, plumbers, snow storms, and all the other wackiness of New York City, there were always balls up in the air. It took a full two years to get the room renovated and the bar licensed.
No one ever succeeds alone. We are all influenced by other people, and the fastest way to get what we want in our career often involves modeling the effective attitudes and actions of others.
We can learn what successful people do and think by reading books, watching inspirational videos and interviews, and listening to podcasts. But having a “real life” mentor, who understands the challenges that you face in going from where you are to where you want to go, can be invaluable.
A mentor, who you can meet with you on a periodic basis, face to face (or at least over the phone) can hold you accountable, help you cut through your own inner resistance, and push you beyond your natural boundaries. The challenge is finding such a person. It's rare (although not unheard of) for a mentor to “advertise” their availability. Also, the people who you'd love to be mentored by are often so busy with their own successful life that they just don't have a lot of time.
You can however find a valuable mentor in your career, and here are five very effective strategies to help you:
1. Don't assume that your mentor needs to be working directly in your field
Some of the best mentoring and advice that I have ever received has been from successful people, who I looked up to and respected, and who had a career that was different from mine. Their detachment from my industry allowed them to ask questions, and look at problems, from a very honest and unique perspective, and many times their advice was refreshing and innovative. Also, don't assume that you should only have a single mentor. Having multiple mentors, across various industries can be very helpful.
2. The relationship has to be of reciprocal value
Before you can ask for something, you must be willing to give something, and you need to act first. This is a challenging one for many people. You have to find a way to add value to your mentor. You are looking for them to give you guidance – what are you willing to give in return? You might be thinking – well, they are already rich and successful – what do they want from me? At a minimum, you must be willing to give a guarantee that you will execute their advice, track your progress and share your findings. You have to be willing to work hard. There may be other ways to add value, so get creative. Perhaps you can be a referral service to them, or you could contribute to their charity, company or community. If you don't know ways you can add value you should simply ask.
3. Ask for a very small amount of time on a pre-determined schedule
A large number of successful people truly want to give back (in fact they may even feel emotionally compelled to do so); however, their challenge is one of finite time. Successful people often have huge demands on their time. As a result, if you are seeking mentorship from someone who is successful you should start with a very small request, on a pre-determined schedule. For example – a single phone call, or coffee meeting, every quarter. As your relationship strengthens your meetings may become more frequent; however don't be a burden from the outset. If you do, it is likely that the mentor relationship won't materialize.
4. Come prepared for your meetings and be serious enough to follow through
If you are fortunate enough to get 15 minutes with your mentor, show how serious you are by coming prepared. Do your homework. Have a list of questions, take notes. Listen. Most importantly, in the event that you get a follow-up meeting (which you aren't “entitled” to by default) show your respect by sharing with your mentor how you executed their advice, and the results that you got. This will build goodwill because it shows how serious you are, and that you value their advice.
5. Share the benefit: be a mentor to someone else
If you secure a worthwhile mentor – share the benefit. Be a mentor to someone else. Reach out to someone who you think might benefit from your mentoring and invest in them. What goes around comes. You never know who the person that you are investing in will turn out to be. Don't do it for the “potential payout” though. Mentor others purely because you were once mentored yourself and it provided a great value in your life.
Want to meet one of Ivy Exec's Mentors? Login or sign up to get started!
To anyone who prefers to revert the packages to the previous version ( *1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1*) and wait until these issues are fixed, one may do the following:
1. Identify which packages were marked for installation together with *libxrender1:i386* and *libxrender1:amd64*. In my case these were: dpkg -l libx11-6 libx11-data libx11-dev libx11-doc libx11-xcb-dev libx11-xcb1 libxrender-dev libxrender1 ||/ Name Version Architecture +++-=======================-===================-============ ii libx11-6:amd64 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 amd64 ii libx11-6:i386 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 i386 iU libx11-data 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 all ii libx11-dev:amd64 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 amd64 ii libx11-dev:i386 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 i386 iU libx11-doc 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 all iU libx11-xcb-dev 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 amd64 ii libx11-xcb1:amd64 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 amd64 ii libx11-xcb1:i386 2:1.5.0-1+deb7u2 i386 iU libxrender-dev:amd64 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1 amd64 ii libxrender1:amd64 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1 amd64 iU libxrender1:i386 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1 i386 2. Downgrade packages to previous version (*1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1* and *2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1*). apt-get install \ libxrender1=1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 \ libxrender1:i386=1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 \ libxrender-dev=1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-xcb1=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-xcb1:i386=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-xcb-dev=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-doc=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-dev:i386=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-dev=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-data=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-6:i386=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-6=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 Eventually this will yield a similar error, e.g.: Preparing to replace libxrender1:i386 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1 (using .../libxrender1_1%3a0.9.7-1+deb7u1_i386.deb) ... Unpacking replacement libxrender1:i386 ... dpkg: error processing /var/cache/apt/archives/libxrender1_1%3a0.9.7-1+deb7u1_i386.deb (--unpack): trying to overwrite shared '/usr/share/doc/libxrender1/changelog.Debian.gz', which is different from other instances of package libxrender1:i386 3. Prevent the installation of file *changelog.Debian.gz* by excluding it. sudo dpkg --path-exclude=/usr/share/doc/libxrender1/changelog.Debian.gz -i /var/cache/apt/archives/libxrender1_1%3a0.9.7-1+deb7u1_i386.deb 4. Repeat the downgrade command (point 2). apt-get install \ libxrender1=1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 \ libxrender1:i386=1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 \ libxrender-dev=1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-xcb1=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-xcb1:i386=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-xcb-dev=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-doc=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-dev:i386=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-dev=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-data=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-6:i386=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 \ libx11-6=2:1.5.0-1+deb7u1 Best regards On Mon, 13 Apr 2015 12:34:32 +0100 Matthew Toseland < matt...@toselandcs.co.uk> wrote: > Package: libxrender1 > Version: 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1 > Severity: important > > Dear Maintainer, > > I attempted to upgrade a (wheezy) system on which both the i386 and amd64 > versions of libxrender1 were installed. It failed, apparently the same shared > file (the changelog) has different contents in *the same version of* the > package on the 2 archs. > > Please fix this, as dist-upgrade should not fail on a stable installation. Really it should have been picked up automatically... > > # apt-get dist-upgrade > Reading package lists... Done > Building dependency tree > Reading state information... Done > Calculating upgrade... Done > The following packages will be upgraded: > libxrender1 libxrender1:i386 > 2 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded. > Need to get 65.4 kB of archives. > After this operation, 31.7 kB disk space will be freed. > Do you want to continue [Y/n]? > Get:1 http://security.debian.org/ wheezy/updates/main libxrender1 i386 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1 [32.6 kB] > Get:2 http://security.debian.org/ wheezy/updates/main libxrender1 amd64 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1 [32.8 kB] > Fetched 65.4 kB in 0s (160 kB/s) > Reading changelogs... Done > (Reading database ... 213397 files and directories currently installed.) > Preparing to replace libxrender1:i386 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 (using .../libxrender1_1%3a0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1_i386.deb) ... > De-configuring libxrender1:amd64 ... > Unpacking replacement libxrender1:i386 ... > Preparing to replace libxrender1:amd64 1:0.9.7-1+deb7u1 (using .../libxrender1_1%3a0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1_amd64.deb) ... > Unpacking replacement libxrender1:amd64 ... > dpkg: error processing /var/cache/apt/archives/libxrender1_1%3a0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1_amd64.deb (--unpack): > trying to overwrite shared '/usr/share/doc/libxrender1/changelog.Debian.gz', which is different from other instances of package libxrender1:amd64 > Errors were encountered while processing: > /var/cache/apt/archives/libxrender1_1%3a0.9.7-1+deb7u1+b1_amd64.deb > E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1) > > -- System Information: > Debian Release: 7.8 > APT prefers stable-updates > APT policy: (500, 'stable-updates'), (500, 'stable') > Architecture: amd64 (x86_64) > Foreign Architectures: i386 > > Kernel: Linux 3.2.0-4-amd64 (SMP w/4 CPU cores) > Locale: LANG=en_GB.UTF-8, LC_CTYPE=en_GB.UTF-8 (charmap=UTF-8) > Shell: /bin/sh linked to /bin/dash > >
LONDON, June 26 (Reuters) - Former U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday that inflation poses a major threat to long-term economic recovery and its threat must be confronted.
“Excess capacity is temporarily suppressing global prices. But I see inflation as the greater future challenge,” he wrote in London's Financial Times.
“If political pressures prevent central banks from reining in their inflated balance sheets in a timely manner, statistical analysis suggests the emergence of inflation by 2012.
“Earlier if markets anticipate a prolonged period of elevated money supply.”
His comments come after the Fed said on Thursday it would stick to its programme of buying government and mortgage debt and that it saw signs that the deep U.S. recession was easing.
It also said it expected inflation to remain subdued for some time.
Greenspan said the need for governments to finance large fiscal deficits over the next few years could lead to political pressure on central banks to print money to buy much of the new debt.
Meanwhile, government spending commitments over the next decade were “staggering.”
“Historically, the U.S., to limit the likelihood of destructive inflation, relied on a large buffer between the level of federal debt and rough measures of total borrowing capacity,” he said.
“Current debt issuance projections will surely place America precariously close to that notional borrowing ceiling.”
He said inflation fears may soon be factored into longer-term U.S. government bond yields or interest rates.
“The U.S. is faced with the choice of either paring back its budget deficits and monetary base as soon as the current risks of deflation dissipate, or setting the stage for a potential upsurge in inflation.”
Apart from the inflation risk, Greenspan said another potential danger in current U.S. fiscal policy was the funding of the economy through public sector debt.
“For the best chance for worldwide economic growth we must continue to rely on private market forces to allocate capital and other resources,” he wrote.
“The alternative of political allocation of resources has been tried; and it failed.” (Reporting by Michael Holden; Editing by Gary Hill)
Britain's biggest trade union will today mount a major push for Labour votes across some of the biggest cities in the north as it unveils a poster campaign to highlight the Tories' shameful neglect of British industry.
Unite will warn that the Tories are “no friends of the north” as it reveals billboards in Leeds, Newcastle, Sunderland and Salford as well as dispatching advertising vans to tour London, the north east and north west.
The union, which is a major Labour donor and gave more than £2m to the party this month, will highlight real terms pay cuts under the Tories as well as its failure over the Redcar steel plant. Sajid Javid, then the business secretary, was widely criticised for being asleep at the wheel when the 98-year-old facility closed in 2015.
Today Len McCluskey, general secretary of Unite, will attack the Tories for presiding over falling pay and a chaotic Brexit while they directed help to the “leafy shires”.
“The Tories are not and never will be the friends of the North,” McCluskey is expected to say.
“When the Tories are in power, our great northern cities and communities endure misery and neglect. Just look at what happened to Redcar recently – a top class industrial facility was allowed to go to the wall by the Tory government with thousands put out of work.
“This is what a Conservative government does. It does not govern for the nation but rewards only the privileged, the leafy shires and the lucky few.
“That is why we are urging voters to think very carefully ahead of the poll on 8 June. Judge the Tories by their record – record debt, falling wages, appalling zero hours work, our children's schools begging for help, police cuts, and our NHS on its knees. These leopards have not changed their spots and are not worthy of your vote.
“A vote for Labour is the only option to give our communities the strong future they deserve.”
McCluskey has been one of the biggest defenders of Jeremy Corbyn over the last 18 months. Earlier in May he appeared to cast doubt on the party's prospects at the general election before saying journalists had taken his words out of context and declaring “there is everything to play for”.
Hundreds call New Mexico newspaper's cartoon 'racist'
The Roswell Daily Record is taking heat on social media after publishing an editorial cartoon that seemingly calls on African-Americans and Latinos to leave the New Mexico city. The Roswell Daily Record is taking heat on social media after publishing an editorial cartoon that seemingly calls on African-Americans and Latinos to leave the New Mexico city. Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Screenshot Via Facebook Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Screenshot Via Facebook Image 1 of / 29 Caption Close Hundreds call New Mexico newspaper's cartoon 'racist' 1 / 29 Back to Gallery
The Roswell Daily Record took heat on social media after publishing an editorial cartoon that seemingly calls on African-Americans and Latinos to leave the New Mexico city.
The cartoon, posted to the newspaper's Facebook page on Feb. 16, depicts a fingerpost with two signs saying "Cesar Chavez Home and National Monument 811 Miles West" and "Martin Luther King Jr. Birth Home and National Historic Site 1,272 Miles East."
The caption reads, "Roswell signage suggestion...to clear up any confusion about where some people should go."
Two birds sit on a nearby branch conversing about the signage.
"What this town really needs is a Larry Bird Boulevard!" one bird opines.
"Yea!" the other agrees.
The cartoon prompted a MoveOn.org petition urging advertisers to drop the newspaper, drawing more than 1,000 signatures as of Monday morning.
"So, the Roswell Daily Record has an official racist editorial position. Good to know," one user said on Facebook.
Another Facebook user commented, "What the hell is wrong with you people?"
The newspaper defended the cartoon in a comment underneath the picture, saying that it concerned a hyperlocal issue of renaming existing streets that was discussed at a recent subcommittee meeting of the Roswell City Council.
"The intent was that just as Larry Bird has no connection to Roswell, neither do MLK nor César Chávez," the newspaper said. "The cartoonist meant that if we are going to have honorary street signs, the individuals named on those signs should have connections to Roswell. The intent of the cartoon was that the idea of renaming streets here in Roswell is mostly considered superfluous."
Cartoonist Keith Bell, who made the drawing, told Albuquerque news channel KRQE that he waasn't trying to tell people of certain ethnic groups to leave town.
"If they had proposed a George W. Bush street, a street being named after him, I would have done the same cartoon," Bell said. "It just so happened the two figures that were mentioned were icons of certain communities."
jfechter@mySA.com
Twitter: @JFreports
Much can be written about Value-based care. I'll focus on imaging risk management from a radiologist's perspective. What it looks like from the Hospital's perspective , the Insurer's perspective, and in general have been discussed previously.
When technology was in shorter supply, radiologists were gatekeepers of limited Ultrasound, CT and MRI resources. Need-based radiologist approval was necessary for ‘advanced imaging'. The exams were expensive and needed to be protocoled correctly to maximize utility. This encouraged clinician-radiologist interaction – thus our reputation as “The Doctor's doctor.”
In the 1990's-2000's , there was an explosion in imaging utilization and installed equipment. Imaging was used to maximize throughput, minimize patient wait times and decrease length of hospital stays. A more laissez-faire attitude prevailed where gatekeeping was frowned upon.
With a transition to value-based care, the gatekeeping role of radiology will return. Instead of assigning access to imaging resources on basis of limited availability, we need to consider ROI (return on investment) in the context of whether the imaging study will be likely to improve outcome vs. cost. (1) Clinical Decision Support (CDS) tools can help to automate imaging appropriateness and value. (2)
The bundle's economics are capitation of a single care episode for a designated ICD-10 encounter. This extends across the inpatient stay and related readmissions up to 30 days after discharge (CMS BPCI Model 4). A review of current Model 4 conditions show mostly joint replacements, spinal fusion, & our example case of CABG (Coronary Artery Bypass Graft).
Post CABG, a daily Chest X-ray (CXR) protocol may be ordered – very reasonable for an intubated & sedated patient. However, an improving non-intubated awake patient may not need a daily CXR. Six Sigma analysis would empirically classify this as waste – and a data analysis of outcomes may confirm it.
Imaging-wise, patients need a CXR preoperatively, & periodically thereafter. A certain percentage of patients will develop complications that require at least one CT scan of the chest. Readmissions will also require re-imaging, usually CT. There will also be additional imaging due to complications or even incidental findings if not contractually excluded (CT/CTA/MRI Brain, CT/CTA neck, CT/CTA/US/MRI abdomen, Thoracic/Lumbar Spine CT/MRI, fluoroscopy for diaphragmatic paralysis or feeding tube placement, etc…). All these need to be accounted for.
In the fee-for-service world, the ordered study is performed and billed. In bundled care, payments for the episode of care are distributed to stakeholders according to a pre-defined allocation.
Practically, one needs to retrospectively evaluate over a multi-year period how many and what type of imaging studies were performed in patients with the bundled procedure code. (3) It is helpful to get sufficient statistical power for the analysis and note trends in both number of studies and reimbursement. Breaking down the total spend into professional and technical components is also useful to understand all stakeholder's viewpoints. Evaluate both the number of studies performed and the charges, which translates into dollars by multiplying by your practice's reimbursement percentage. Forward-thinking members of the Radiology community at Nieman HPI are providing DRG-related tools such as ICE-T to help estimate these costs (used in above image). Ultimately one ends up with a formula similar to this:
CABG imaging spend = CXR's+CT Chest+ CTA chest+ other imaging studies.
Where money will be lost is at the margins – patients who need multiple imaging studies, either due to complications or incidental findings. With between a 2% to 3% death rate for CABG and recognizing 30% of all Medicare expenditures are caused by the 5% of beneficiaries that die, with 1/3 of that cost in the last month of life (Barnato et al), this must be accounted for. An overly simplistic evaluation of the imaging needs of CABG will result in underallocation of funds for the radiologist, resulting in per-study payment dropping – the old trap of running faster to stay in place.
Payment to the radiologist could either be one of two models:
First, fixed payment per RVU. Advantageous to the radiologist, it insulates from risk-sharing. Ordered studies are read for a negotiated rate. The hospital bears the cost of excess imaging. For a radiologist in an independent private practice providing services through an exclusive contract, allowing the hospital to assume the risk on the bundle may be best.
Second, a fixed (capitated) payment per bundled patient for imaging services may be made to the radiologist. This can either be in the form of a fixed dollar amount or a fixed percentage of the bundle. (Frameworks for Radiology Practice Participation, Nieman HPI) This puts the radiologist at-risk, in a potentially harmful way. The disconnect is that the supervising physicians (cardio-thoracic surgeon, intensivist, hospitalist) will be focusing on improving outcome, decreasing length of stay, or reducing readmission rates, not imaging volume. Ordering imaging studies (particularly advanced imaging) may help with diagnostic certitude and fulfill their goals. This has the unpleasant consequence of the radiologist's per study income decreasing when they have no control over the ordering of the studies and, in fact, it may benefit other parties to overuse imaging to meet other quality metrics. The radiology practice manager should proceed with caution if his radiologists are in an employed model but the CT surgeon & intensivists are not. Building in periodic reviews of expected vs. actual imaging use with potential re-allocations of the bundle's payment might help to curb over-ordering. Interestingly, in this model the radiologist profits by doing less!
Where the radiologist can add value is in analysis, deferring imaging unlikely to impact care. Reviewing data and creating predictive analytics designed to predict outcomes adds value while, if correctly designed, avoiding more than the standard baseline of risk. (see John's Hopkins Sepsis prediction model). In patients unlikely to have poor outcomes, additional imaging requests can be gently denied and clinicians reassured. I.e. “This patient has a 98% chance of being discharged without readmission. Why a lumbar spine MRI?” (c.f. AK Moriarty et al) Or, “In this model patients with these parameters only need a CXR every third day. Let's implement this protocol.” The radiologist returns to a gatekeeping role, creating value by managing risk, intelligently.
Let's return to our risk/reward matrix:
For the radiologist in the bundled example receiving fixed payments: Low Risk/Low Reward: Daily CXR's for the bundled patients. High Risk/Low Reward: Excess advanced imaging (more work for no change in pay) High Risk/High Reward: Arbitrarily denying advanced imaging without a data-driven model (bad outcomes = loss of job, lawsuit risk) Low Risk/High Reward: Analysis & Predictive modeling to protocol what studies can be omitted in which patients without compromising care.
I, and others, believe that bundled payments have been put in place not only to decrease healthcare costs, but to facilitate transitioning from the old FFS system to the value-based ‘at risk' payment system, and ultimately capitated care. (Rand Corp, Technical Report TR-562/20) By developing analytics capabilities, radiology providers will be able to adapt to these new ‘at-risk' payment models and drive adjustments to care delivery to improve or maintain the community standard of care at the same or lower cost.
B Ingraham, K Miller et al. Am Coll Radiol 2016 in press AK Moriarty, C Klochko et al J Am Coll Radiol 2015;12:358-363 D Seidenwurm FJ Lexa J Am Coll Radiol 2016 in press
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Reddit
Print
Email
HAMILTON - An off-duty corrections officer fatally shot a man as he walked up to the officer's front door early Saturday morning, according to a statement from the Mercer County Prosecutor's Office.
The victim, Dominic Neal, was found lying next to the front steps of the officer's Vicky Court house around 4 a.m. Saturday, authorities said. He was pronounced dead at the hospital a short time later, officials said.
The officer's girlfriend, who was home at the time, had a domestic violence restraining order against Neal, the statement said.
The corrections officer was identified by police sources and property records as Niam Camp, a senior corrections officer with the Department of Corrections. He told police he was leaving his house to have a cigarette on his front porch when he saw Neal walking up the path to his home. Neal had a black hood up and his head down, the statement said.
Neal walked up the steps to the officer's front door and reached one hand out for the door handle, keeping the other on his waistband, Camp told police. The officer yelled at the man to stop but he didn't listen, prompting Camp to pull out his gun and fire three or four shots through the glass of his front door, the statement said.
Neal's car was found in the area of Buchanan Avenue and McClellan Avenue a short time later, it said.
No charges have been filed, but the investigation is continuing, officials said.
Hamilton shooting whizzes past homeowner
Neighbors said they were on edge after the gunfire prompted a large police presence in the normally quiet neighborhood.
A neighbor said she was awakened before 4 a.m. by the sound of two gunshots coming from the house, which is on a small cul-de-sac in Hamilton. The neighbor, Brandine Allen, said she looked outside her windows and, after she didn't see anything, decided to stay inside. A short time later, police swarmed the area and cordoned off the street with police tape, she said.
"Cops were walking kids out of the cul-de-sac," Allen said.
Another neighbor, Cindy Vanhise, said she didn't hear any shots Saturday morning but that, when she went to walk her dogs around 6 a.m., she was met by a heavy police presence in the small neighborhood.
The front door of the home appeared broken out Saturday morning.
Vanhise said the corrections officer lived in the house with his children. He is divorced and stays quiet most of the time, she said.
"He keeps to himself," Vanhise said.
This story has been updated to include the corrections officer's name.
Anna Merriman may be reached at amerriman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @anna_merriman.
Watch Snoop react to Kanye's onstage rant about Beyonce, Jay-Z and Hillary Clinton
Snoop Dogg has reacted to Kanye West‘s onstage rant at his Sacramento show at the weekend, describing his fellow rapper as a “weird motherfucker… talking weird ass shit”.
West cut his gig short on Saturday night after a lengthy rant in which he took aim at Beyonce, Jay-Z and Hillary Clinton. He also cancelled the following evening's show and proceeded to post photos to Instagram instead.
Uploading a series of videos of himself watching a clip of the rant, Snoop said on Instagram: “I smoke weed. Weed don't make you do that. What the fuck is he on?”
Snoop went on: “He picked the wrong night to vent like that. Them Sacramento n***as ain't feeling that shit. You should've had a bunch of weird motherfuckers like you in there when you were talking that weird ass shit.”
“This n***a's crazy,” he added. “I can't believe he's still talking… I thought he was supposed to be doing a show.”
Watch Snoop's reaction in the video below.
Snoop Dogg's Reaction to Kanye West's Rant on Stage in California Snoop Dogg's Reaction to Kanye West's Rant on Stage about Jay-Z and Beyonce at Sacramento Show in California Contact me for Promotions and Enquiries at: djmerkzz118@gmail.com
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Watch West's full rant below:
Kanye West – RANTS THEN LEAVES AFTER BARELY 3 SONGS [Live @ Golden 1 Center, Sacramento 11/19/16] SAINT PABLO TOUR GOLDEN 1 CENTER, SACRAMENTO – 11/19/16 KANYE ENDS SACRAMENTO SET AFTER BARELY 3 SONGS, GOING ON A SHOW ENDING RANT RECORDED WITH SHURE MV88 – TOLD ANDROID USERS THEY COULDNT JOIN IN ON THE IPHONE FLASHING..
During his rant, the rapper appeared to suggest that Beyoncé had refused to perform at the MTV VMAs earlier this year unless she won the Video of the Year prize ahead of him and Drake.
Kanye told the crowd: “Beyoncé, I was hurt! ‘Cause I heard that you said you wouldn't perform unless you won Video of the Year over me, and over ‘Hotline Bling.'”
“In my opinion — now, don't go tryin' to diss Beyoncé, she is great. Taylor Swift is great,” Kanye continued. “We are all great people, we are all equal. But sometimes, we be playing the politics too much and forgetting who we are — just to win. Fuck winning! Fuck looking cool! Fuck looking cool! Fuck being cool! Fuck all that!”
West also claimed that he hasn't heard from Beyoncé's husband, Jay-Z, for a while. “I've been sent here to give y'all my truth — even at the risk of my own life, even at the risk of my own success, my own career,” he said.
“I've been sent here to give y'all the truth. Jay-Z, call me, bruh! You still ain't call me! Jay-Z, call me! Jay-Z, I know you got killers, please don't send them at my head. Just call me! Talk to me like a man!”
West's rant came two days after he told the audience at a gig in San José that he would have voted for Donald Trump in the US election, if he had voted.
Watch Foals discuss their love for Kanye below:
Rove: Trump Looked Like Pharaoh Whipping Slaves With The Media
Karl Rove talks about President Trump's Thursday press conference where he ripped the media on the FOX News Sunday panel:
CHRIS WALLACE, FOX NEWS SUNDAY: So, Karl, which better describes Donald Trump's first month in office, chaos or a fine tuned machine?
KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I would lean more towards the former than the latter. But let's give him credit, on substance, off to a strong start. A cabinet that's turning out to be impressive. Moving ahead with some regulatory changes to Obamacare. Republicans on The Hill beginning to wrangle over what legislation to repeal it. Tax reform, again, wrangling, moving it forward.
WALLACE: So why chaos?
ROVE: Well, because the process. We saw that in the immigration executive order. They don't have a process in place that is collaborative, that -- that will -- that puts cabinet secretaries with disagreements over White House policy in front of the president to make their arguments. They were rushed. They did it by using congressional staffers who didn't tell their bosses. And as a result, they're going to have a redo. But, you know, that's the -- we've got to give him credit. He's -- he's -- he's moving forward in a lot of ways.
Spectacle, boy, off the charts. I mean early morning tweets, controversies about Meryl Streep's ability to -- to act, and then that blockbuster of a -- of a news conference. I mean he -- that -- the whole purpose of which was to allow him to vent at the media. He looked Pharaoh with a whip in hand, whipping those slaves, getting them to build the pyramids. I mean by -- he was unhappy.
But what I really worry about is the narrative. And Rush touched on this.
I want to hear the video on this one and see if it's edited.
But no, they're not good people. It isn't about ‘hurting them', it's about holding her accountable for breaking the law.
Via Chicago Sun-Times
Trump back-pedaled on his promise to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton over her emails. “I'm going to think about it,” Trump said. “…She did some bad things, I mean she did some bad things,” Trump said, prompting Stahl to ask, “I know, but a special prosecutor? You think you might… To which Trump replied, making a reference to Bill and Hillary Clinton, “I don't want to hurt them, I don't want to hurt them. They're, they're good people. I don't want to hurt them. And I will give you a very, very good and definitive answer the next time we do 60 Minutes together.” Keep reading..
The house at 8 Needham Road, where a person was fatally shot Sunday during a party.
RANDOLPH — Sharon Heath was home alone Sunday at 5 a.m. when Randolph police came to her door. They gave her the name and telephone number of a doctor at a hospital in Lynn and told her to call.
“Your son's been shot,” the doctor told her. “I'm sorry for your loss.”
Two hours earlier, police in Lynnfield had been summoned to a rented mansion on Needham Road, where Heath's 33-year-old son, Keivan Heath, had been fatally shot during a party, investigators have said.
Advertisement
On Wednesday, Boston police said two of their off-duty officers attended the party. The officers, both women, are not suspects and are cooperating with the investigation, said Police Commissioner William B. Evans.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
He said he did not know whether the officers were at the home when gunfire erupted at 3:04 a.m. Sunday. The department's Bureau of Professional Standards is examining whether they broke any rules, Evans said.
“They've been contacted, and they're working with the authorities to find out what happened in Lynnfield,” Evans told reporters before a police promotion ceremony. “It had nothing to do with their official capacity. I'm sure these two young ladies didn't go there thinking that there was going to be a shooting.”
Heath said that she did not know her son had been in Lynnfield until after she learned of his death. She said Keivan was the father of two boys, ages 13 and 1.
“He left out of here like he usually does, ‘Ma, I'll be back,' ” Heath said Wednesday at her home in Randolph. “If my son was there, he apparently felt safe. . . . But he apparently wasn't and now my son is dead.”
Advertisement
The Essex district attorney's office is investigating the homicide, and no arrests had been reported by Wednesday.
In Lynnfield, town officials have ordered Alex Styller, who owns the property where the fatal shooting occurred, to stop making the home available for short-term rentals.
In a cease-and-desist notice dated Tuesday, Building Inspector John Roberto III wrote that zoning rules prohibit Styller from renting the property short-term.
The notice instructs Styller to stop listing his home with Airbnb and other companies that advertise short-term rentals. Styller declined Wednesday to comment.
He has 30 days to appeal the decision, said Phil Crawford, chairman of the Lynnfield Board of Selectmen.
Advertisement
Styller said he rented out the property on the Memorial Day weekend for what he was told would be a college reunion. He declined to say who rented the home, but described one individual involved as a Boston man with a college degree and stable work history.
Styller said he expected five people to stay overnight and up to 20 to attend the reunion. He has said that investigators told him 60 to 100 people attended the party.
According to Styller, the renters arrived Friday at 2 p.m. and he met with them on Saturday afternoon to give instructions for the pool. At that time, Styller said five people were on the property.
“I screen my renters extremely carefully,” he said. “There is nothing that would have raised a red flag.”
The victim's mother, Sharon Heath, is tired of hearing about the home where her son was shot. “Every time I turn on the news I'm hearing about the stupid mansion,” she said. “We're hurting.”
Andy Rosen and John R. Ellement of the Globe staff contributed to this report. Laura Crimaldi can be reached at laura.crimaldi@globe.com
by
Peter Edelman has battled poverty for nearly half a century — first as a top aide to Senator Robert Kennedy, later as a state and federal official, and currently as a key figure at a widely respected law and public policy center in Washington.
Over his years in and out of government, Edelman has probably earned as much respect as anyone in our nation's public policy community. Back in 1996, he did something few high-ranking federal officials ever do. He resigned in protest when President Bill Clinton signed a law that Edelman could not support in good conscience.
Edelman, then an assistant secretary at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, publicly warned that the “welfare reform” that Clinton signed into law would be devastating for the nation's most vulnerable children. He turned out to be right. The number of children living in deep poverty — kids in families making under half the official poverty threshold — rose 70 percent from 1995 to 2005, and 30 percent more by 2010.
America's elected leaders didn't listen to Edelman in 1996. Now they have another chance. Edelman, currently a co-director at the Georgetown University Law Center, has just released a new book — So Rich, So Poor — that aims “to look anew at why it is so hard to end American poverty.”
You get the feeling from this candid new book that Edelman would be astonished if our elected leaders actually paid attention to his poverty-fighting prescriptions. So Rich, So Poor seems to address a different audience: the millions of decent Americans, from across the political spectrum, who share his outrage about our continuing deep poverty.
These Americans have a special reason for paying close attention to Edelman's new book. The author, one of the nation's most committed experts on poverty, has changed his mind — not about poverty and the poor, but about wealth and the rich.
“I used to believe,” Edelman writes in his new book, “that the debate over wealth distribution should be conducted separately from the poverty debate, in order to minimize the attacks on antipoverty advocates for engaging in ‘class warfare.' But now we literally cannot afford to separate the two issues.”
Why? The “economic and political power of those at the top,” Edelman explains, is “making it virtually impossible to find the resources to do more at the bottom.”
Figuring out how we can achieve a more equal distribution of income and wealth has become, Edelman advises, “the 64-gazillion-dollar question.”
“The only way we will improve the lot of the poor, stabilize the middle class, and protect our democracy,” he notes, “is by requiring the rich to pay more of the cost of governing the country that enables their huge accretion of wealth.”
What about those antipoverty activists and analysts who still yearn to keep poverty — the absence of wealth — separate from the concentration of wealth? Many of these folks, Edelman notes, argue that the rich as a group have no reason to oppose efforts to help end poverty.
Edelman's response? “More than anything else,” he observes, the wealthy “want low taxes,” and they know the taxes on their sky-high incomes will rise if government ever starts spending money to really help people in need.
“The wealth and income of the top 1 percent grows at the expense of everyone else,” Edelman sums up in So Rich, So Poor. “Money breeds power, and power breeds more money. It is a truly vicious cycle.”
Only average Americans have the wherewithal to end this cycle. Middle- and low-income Americans need to join in common cause. If they don't, Edelman bluntly adds, “we are cooked.”
Sam Pizzigati is an associate fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington DC, editor of the journal Too Much and author of The Rich Don't Always Win, Seven Stories Press, New York, forthcoming 2012.
This column is distributed by OtherWords.
On the internet, she goes by the name Vanessa Luna, starring in porn videos that highlight her ample rear end.
Police believe she used her real name, Ruth Planas, to help women enlarge their own butts by operating an unlicensed clinic in a West Miami-Dade strip mall.
The clinic, called Cuerpos Health and Aesthetic, was shuttered after a 28-year-old mother, Suyima Torres, died following a botched butt lift performed there. Prosecutors have charged Jose Robusto, a purported medical doctor in Venezuela, who they believe injected Torres with illegal and dangerous liquid silicone at the facility.
But nearly a year after his arrest, authorities have been unable to build a case against clinic owner Planas, who claimed no injections were ever done at the business. Planas insisted she only used the clinic to sell cosmetic products, pitch Herbalife nutritional supplements and, a couple times a week, perform on live X-rated web videos.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Yet, in newly released statements, witnesses say that Planas arranged and helped carry out illegal cosmetic surgeries there. Still, the statements have not carried enough weight for prosecutors to charge Planas with practicing medicine without a license or for arranging the two procedures that led to Torres' death.
Torres' family attorney, Jorge Silva, believes that criminal charges should be filed against Planas and her sister.
“Undoubtedly, I genuinely believe that anyone who played a role to one extent or another in this woman's demise should be held accountable,” he said.
Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle would not talk specifics about the case but said the probe is far from closed. She urged other possible victims or witnesses to come forward.
“We will always keep searching for evidence and developing leads to seek justice for this victim — and victims in similar bad procedures,” Fernandez Rundle said. “We want our community to assist and contact us.”
Planas' attorney, George Pallas, said the fact that no charges have been filed proves her innocence.
“Ruth Planas did not work with or for Jose Robusto. My exhaustive review of the evidence … led me to conclude that she had nothing at all to do with the unfortunate death of Suyima Torres,” Pallas said.
Robusto, who claims to be a doctor in Venezuela, is awaiting trial for manslaughter, one of many high-profile cases involving botched cosmetic surgeries in South Florida — a hub for sham doctors who offer cheap cosmetic procedures performed in homes, warehouses and pseudo clinics.
Just last week, a Miami man was arrested after police said he gave butt injections to a woman who wound up in the hospital because of the procedure. In another case, a judge on Friday is scheduled to sentence a woman after she was nabbed trying to give a Botox injection to an undercover Miami-Dade detective.
Most infamously, a Miami Gardens transgender woman named Oneal Ron Morris made worldwide headlines for injecting cash-strapped women with a concoction of Fix-a-Flat tire sealant, cement, silicone, mineral oil and superglue. She is facing a manslaughter charge after one woman died in Broward County.
As for Planas, her clinic shut down in 2013. Her version of events is laid out in statements to homicide detectives and in a civil deposition as part of a lawsuit filed by Torres' family.
Planas claimed she used to be a technician for a plastic surgery clinic owned by her child's father before opening up Cuerpos Health and Aesthetic, 8410 West Flagler St., in 2011. She also said she was a medical assistant trained to draw blood from patients.
She pursued other professional interests as well. The 37-year-old mother for years has performed under the name of “Vanessa Luna,” making explicit videos either at the clinic, her home or a Doral-area studio used by the infamous porn company BangBros.
In an interview with police and a civil deposition in a wrongful death lawsuit by Torres' family, Planas described her clinic simply as a place to sell beauty products. The state of Florida licensed the business only to perform massages.
The business used fliers and Facebook to advertise plastic surgeries. Planas said she was only a middleman that would “refer” surgeries to reputable doctors — all for cash.
She insisted that Robusto never performed invasive procedures at the clinic and neither did anyone else. Her sister, Olga Fernandez, also worked there as a receptionist; Fernandez could not be reached for comment and it was unclear whether she had an attorney.
“We did not even have a needle in there,” Planas told lawyers in a deposition.
But in statements entered into evidence in the criminal case against Robusto, multiple witnesses identified Planas as the ringleader, with Fernandez assisting him during the actual surgeries.
Planas laid out prices, took photos and inspected clients' rear ends to gauge the amount of filler substance needed “so it can get fuller,” said Banesa Bernal, a former client, adding Planas' role was “to take pictures, she gives you the price, she lets you know how many procedures you need.”
Another former client, Dailen Garcia-Hurtado, had the initial enhancement done. “When I went back, I explained to Ruth, who is the owner of the clinic, that I wanted to have my buttocks like hers and she has 900 CCs,” she told police. “So, when I went for the touch-up, I put more.”
It was Garcia-Hurtado's return trip in March 2013 — much like Torres' later — that proved to be a nightmare.
“When I'm laying on the bed, I begin to tell [Planas] that I wasn't feeling well,” Garcia-Hurtado said. “My heart was racing and I was seeing black or darkness. I was trembling.”
Planas allegedly suggested the problem could be that she had not eaten breakfast. A dizzy Garcia-Hurtado returned to her job downstairs at a nail salon, but soon had to go to the hospital. Troubled doctors found blood in her lungs. “They told me I was going to die,” she said.
Garcia-Hurtado survived — but still has trouble breathing and seeing. “I see gray spots,” she said. “It looks like I'm looking through or at sand.”
Although prosecutors did not charge anyone for her surgery, Garcia-Hurtado's testimony is still key. She identified Robusto, 44, as the one who actually performed the injections, something jurors will likely be allowed to hear at his trial for Torres' death.
Torres was a mother of two who was trying to rebuild her life after having served more than a year in federal prison for Medicare fraud. She was arrested in 2008 along with her former husband and his parents.
Just before her death, she had opened a shoe kiosk, Suyi's Boutique, at the International Mall in Doral, with hopes of expanding it into a chain. After two children, Torres had committed to exercising, lost weight and “wanted to fill in” her rear end, recalled her aunt.
“She wanted to see herself prettier,” said her aunt, Fortunata Amparo Lopez-Camara. “She wanted to be natural … nothing voluminous.”
A friend recommended Torres to the Cuerpos clinic; the name means “bodies” in Spanish. Her first procedure came on April 1, 2013, witnesses told police. That day, Torres paid $1,500 in cash for the butt enhancement, which was given directly to Planas, recalled her aunt, who accompanied her during the initial visit.
As the procedure unfolded, Planas fetched the injections that Torres believed were collagen. Fernandez served as Robusto's assistant. “She would hand him the injections already filled with whatever substance they were using,” Lopez-Camara said.
During the surgery, as she lay on a clinic bed, Torres snapped a selfie that showed a man in a plaid shirt — believed to be Robusto — injecting her buttocks with the filler.
By all accounts, Torres believed the first surgery went well. She even considered going bigger, her aunt recalled.
Five days later, Torres returned to the clinic, but her backside was still too swollen to have the sutures removed.
Then on April 11, 2013, she returned for a second procedure, this time by herself, according to a Miami-Dade police report. Torres collapsed outside the clinic and was rushed to Doctors Hospital in Coral Gables, where she died later that day.
The medical examiner's office ruled Torres died of an embolism; her blood was tainted with silicone. The Torres family has since filed a lawsuit against Doctors Hospital, alleging they failed to treat her properly.
Planas acknowledged that Robusto “had a key” to the clinic, suggesting he rented space there. He left Miami for Venezuela, until May 2016, when he was arrested at Miami International Airport during a layover to Aruba.
For prosecutors, the evidence against Robusto on that second day is not overwhelming — there were no eyewitnesses to the procedure. In an interview with Miami-Dade police, Robusto swore he only went to the clinic occasionally for “training” on cosmetic procedures with a mysterious doctor named Jorge or Rene. Planas, he noted, was present at some of the surgeries and owned the facility.
However, he acknowledged injecting butts on several occasions, including the first surgery on Torres, along with the supposed unidentified doctor.
“He did one side, I did the other side,” Robusto said.
However, Robusto would not acknowledge injecting Torres on the second appointment, although he admitted he ran into her as he was leaving the clinic, which he visited to pick up cosmetic products.
“If I was there, I was there only 20 minutes. Really quick,” Robusto said.
As for Planas and her sister, they both denied any butt implants were done that day.
In fact, Planas said Torres visited that day only for a facial. Soon after Planas performed it, Torres began complaining about feeling ill and an ambulance was called.
“As far as you know she didn't have a cosmetic surgical procedure in your establishment,” a Miami-Dade detective asked her six days after Torres' death.
“No, none,” Planas replied. “Only what I had done to her.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A JAPANESE footballer caused £80,000 of damage after a cheeky kickaround in a Scottish hotel.
The player, a member of the Japanese Olympic team, kicked the ball into a sprinkler and set off the system, flooding rooms.
The rooms had to be evacuated and renovated, racking up a bill that is still unsettled.
The Marriott Hotel in Glasgow has been in talks with Olympics organisers LOCOG and the Japan football authorities after a row broke out over who was liable for the damage.
An insider said: “It was an accident but it caused chaos.
“One sprinkler being activated set off the whole floor and the results were catastrophic.
“Afterwards the hotel was looking to be paid for the damage and LOCOG were in dispute with the Japanese squad about who should pay.
“They still haven't sorted it out.”
The Japanese team spent time in Glasgow before their match at Hampden against world
champions Spain.
The source said: “The Japanese squad booked 25 rooms, with 23 rooms for the players, coaching staff and officials.
“Two rooms were stripped of all furniture, one to be used as a kit storage room, the other as a medical treatment room. During their stay one of the footballers began booting a ball around the medical room.
“He hit the sprinkler unit in the ceiling. All told the water damage came to £80,000.”
Last night, LOCOG said: “Following some accidental damage we are currently in amicable discussions with all the parties involved, including the hotel, and are confident the issue will be resolved shortly.”
A Marriott spokeswoman said: “An issue did arise that we are dealing with but we have no further comment to make.”
I have a new way to save Bonsai videos to your personal computer or mac. The download web site is called “KEEPIVD” and it works pretty good for downloading videos. You have two options to download as a video or music mp3 file. This new method is much easier to use then any of the older methods. Basically you just copy and paste the URL into the search box and hit download button. Please note: This process will not save videos from the Bonsai Mirai website, you must subscribe to their service to view them. You may how ever save Bonsai Mirai YouTube videos.
Lets try downloading a video together. Here is the url to paste into the search box (LARGE RED CIRCLE), then hit (DOWNLOAD – MIDSIZE RED CIRCLE) for KEEPVID, : https:////www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTyuT3WkrEE (NOTE: please remove 2 of the extra “/” from the url after pasting. Click on photo's to open them up a new window so you can see the information better!!!
After hitting the Download button, a new window will appear offering you a couple of different options to choose from:
Option one is downloaded as a Video with different settings on the quality of the video, I would choose the highest quality option, which is indicated by the (Large Red Circle).
Option two is download a MP3 music file which can be used on a disc or other means of playing on some type of music player, which is the indicated by the (Medium Red Circle).
After selecting one of these two options, you will notice that the Blue download arrow (Small Red Circle upper right side of screen) will show type of action on it. This indicates that the video has been downloaded to your Download page on your hard drive. You may now click the Blue download arrow and a new small window will appear. You can then click on the little dark icon to the right of the video and a new file page will open and your just downloaded video will be highlighted for you. You can then move the new file to a different folder.
Some times the KEEPVID program will not be able to download a video as high quality and you will be asked to (Copy and Paste) the name of the video into a new pop up box. The web site will now ask you (Right Click) on the next highest quality button and hit (Save As) which will pop open a new window where you will copy and paste the name of the video. You will then hit save and the video will be saved to your Download page just as the high quality video was.
Page showing where to change/paste the new file name.
If you would like to edit a video or mp3 file to remove excess material, you can download a copy of Apple's “Quicktime” player. You should be able to find a free no frills version of it. It's pretty easy to use once you figure that there is a slide bar on the video after you launch it. Be sure to use the drop down menu at the top to select “Trim” file option. Move bottom bar to where you want to end (trim) the video and then close the video. You will be then prompted to save the “Trimmed” video, save it to a folder and your done. Be sure to change the name just in case you made a mistake and do not want to overwrite the original file.
A new witness may soon be coming forward in the allegations that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's administration withheld hurricane relief money from the hard-hit city of Hoboken over a politically-connected development project.
Up With Steve Kornacki has learned of a resolution on the agenda for Wednesday's Hoboken city council meeting, in which members are slated to consider giving Mayor Dawn Zimmer the authority to waive attorney-client privilege with Joseph Maraziti, the lawyer who represents the city on development matters, so he can be free to reveal new details to investigators.
Close video Hoboken to consider waiving attorney-client privilege for city lawyer UP has learned that an addition has been made to the agenda for Hoboken's upcoming city council meeting for a resolution that would give Mayor Dawn Zimmer the authority to waive attorney-client privilege with Joseph Maraziti, the lawyer who represents… share tweet email save Embed
Zimmer's communications director, Juan Melli, says that Zimmer contemporaneously spoke with Maraziti about the conversation she had with Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno on May 13, in which Zimmer claims the lieutenant governor told her the development was tied to Sandy relief funds and “you need to move forward or we are not going to be able to help you.” Guadagno has firmly denied this allegation as “false” and “illogical.”
Waiving the right to attorney-client privilege would allow Maraziti to respond to questions and subpoenas from New Jersey's U.S. Attorney's office investigating the mayor's allegations. It would also allow him to cooperate with the state legislative investigative committee looking into the matter.
The resolution could be found yesterday evening on the city of Hoboken's website.
In a statement, Zimmer's spokesman said, “The City wants to ensure that Joe Maraziti, special redevelopment counsel for Hoboken, is able to fully cooperate with the U.S. Attorney's investigation so that he can respond to the document subpoena he recently received and so that he can answer all questions when he is interviewed.”
In January, Zimmer alleged that in May 2013, two senior members of Governor Christie's administration warned that her town would be starved of hurricane relief money unless she approved a lucrative redevelopment plan in the city's North end favored by the governor.
Among the documents Zimmer provided to msnbc was an email from Maraziti telling the mayor and other city officials that he was “getting the full court press” from David Samson's law firm, Wolff & Samson, on behalf of the developer, including emails with David Samson copied on them. At the time, Samson was the Christie-appointed Chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Christie announced Samson's resignation at his news conference Friday, and the developer earlier cut ties with Samson's law firm.
Peter Foley/European Pressphoto Agency
HONG KONG — As North Korea enters what appears to be the final countdown to the ominous launch of a long-range missile, South Korea is debating Lady Gaga. Her fans — her “little monsters,” as she calls them — are not happy.
The pop star is due to begin a worldwide tour on April 27 with a concert at Olympic Stadium in Seoul, the first of 110 shows on what is being called the “Born This Way Ball” tour. Tickets, of course, sold out quickly.
About 300 tickets bought by teenagers had to be refunded when the government's Media Rating Board declared that children under 18 would not be allowed to attend, even if accompanied by a parent. Before the restriction, kids as young as 12 would have been admitted.
Fourteen subsequent concerts in Asia, including stops in Hong Kong, Singapore and Jakarta, are under no such age restrictions. (Lady Gaga announced her European tour dates with a Twitter message on Tuesday.)
Thanku to all the adults in Korea who are speaking out for underaged who want to come to the BTW Ball. Maybe the gov. will change their mind — Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) April 2, 2012
Local media in Seoul said the ratings board had a particular objection to the song “Just Dance,” which was on the set list for the highly choreographed concert. The song had earned an over-18 rating from another censoring agency, something called the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family's Commission on Youth Protection.
I can't believe this is happening. Gov of Korea needs to do something. What's their problem? Gaga actually helps ppl w/ her music + message. — Paula † Monster (@Paula_PawsUp) April 8, 2012
“Just Dance,” which is about drinking and dancing at a club, was listed under the commission's “Harmful Content for Youth” category. Some 4,200 songs are reportedly banned by the South Korean government for children under 18. Lady Gaga has 35 songs on the list, including “Poker Face” and “Bad Romance.”
The ratings board placed similar age restrictions on Seoul concerts by Marilyn Manson in 2005 and Jay-Z and 50 Cent in 2006.
“Our Christian community needs concerted action to stop young people from being infected with homosexuality and pornography,” the Korean Association of Church Communications said in a statement about the Lady Gaga show. The association, representing dozens of South Korean churches, had reportedly asked the sponsor, Hyundai Card, to cancel the show.
Hyundai Card/AFP — Getty Images
“We are relieved that at least the show won't be able to influence young people,” said Sim Man-sup of the Christian organization, quoted by The Korea Herald. “Gaga's performance and lyrics are very eccentric in many ways. We are not against her show just for religious reasons. We don't think her musical performance, which involves so many sexual connotations and unusual costumes, is appropriate for youngsters' emotional development.”
Online comments seemed to have opposite opinions on the age restriction.
“It may be disheartening to the artist, but a society's customs must be respected,” Minicki21 said on Soompi, a social media site about Korean pop music and culture. “Have you seen Lady Gaga's The Fame Monster tour @ Madison Square? It was highly sexual! Therefore, based on South Korean society standards, I can understand concern.”
A writer at the music site Seoulbeats made reference to numerous Korean singers who perform in provocative and sexually suggestive ways, especially scantily clad K-pop singers and dancers. “The hypocrisy in this age limit and a good deal of the nonsense that goes on in the world of K-pop is alarming and actually just ridiculous,” said the writer, who used the byline Dana.
“Is there a convincing evidence of Lady Gaga's concert being hazardous and inappropriate for teens?” the South Korean actor Yoo Ah-in, 25, said in a Twitter message. “What is this? Some 80s style sex education based on the idea that the youth doesn't need to know?”
Lee Na-ree, an editorial writer for the South Korean newspaper JoongAng Ilbo, said her son had recently become energized about high school by joining the broadcasting club and was looking to celebrities like Lady Gaga for further inspiration. Ms. Lee acknowledged that “some of Lady Gaga's performances are shocking,” but she praised the singer's newly launched campaign against bullying.
(Our columnist-colleague on the op-ed page, Nicholas Kristof, recently wrote an admiring piece about Lady Gaga's anti-bullying efforts through her Born This Way Foundation. “Lady Gaga is on to something important here,” Nick wrote.)
An excerpt from a commentary by Ms. Lee in the English-language Korea JoongAng Daily, headlined “Rethink Banning Minors from Gaga”:
Senator Scott Ludlam moved an order requiring the release of the 60-day review by noon Monday
The Senate has required Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull to release the government's 60-day review on Monday.
Senator Scott Ludlam successfully moved an order requiring Turnbull to make the report available to the public no later than noon on Monday.
Ludlam invoked Parliament's power to require the production of information, which is available to legislature to enable it to carry out functions of scrutinising legislation and the performance of the executive arm of government.
The review was due to the government yesterday, but had not been expected for release until later this month. The document, which is meant to analyse the progress and cost of the NBN rollout and NBN Co's financial and operational status, may contain some commercially sensitive information that will need to be redacted prior to release.
“It won't be good enough for Minister Turnbull to say everything is commercial in confidence,” Ludlam said on the Senate floor this afternoon. “The government's proposals for the NBN should be put in the public domain.”
The government had always planned to release the 60-day review following its submission, a Turnbull spokesperson told Computerworld Australia. The government is currently reading the draft report—submitted at close of business yesterday—and will determine how and when it will be released, the spokesperson said.
At a hearing last week, NBN Co CEO Ziggy Switkowski said that Turnbull had not told him when the report would be published.
Switkowski indicated that the report was likely to conclude that the NBN should move to a fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) approach that would rely on existing copper networks for the last mile to the home. The existing plan crafted by Labor takes a fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) approach, requiring fibre all the way to the home.
Follow Adam Bender on Twitter: @WatchAdam
Follow Computerworld Australia on Twitter: @ComputerworldAU, or take part in the Computerworld conversation on LinkedIn: Computerworld Australia
This baffles Matthew Carter, a type designer whose work spans everything from metal type's last stand to digital's first, and whose dozens of typefaces, like Verdana and Georgia, are viewed daily by a billion-odd people. “I have no idea why people don't use proper quotes. They are always [included] in the font,” Carter says.
This lack of quote sophistication is odd, because the web's design origins owe a lot to choices Steve Jobs made at Apple and later at his second computer firm, Next. Jobs's attachment to type famously stems from a calligraphy class taken at Reed College, and he ensured that the first Mac had a mix of bespoke and classic typefaces that included curly quotes and all the other punctuation a designer could want. At Next, he went further, and the web's father, Tim Berners-Lee, built the first browser and server on a Next.
But in the early days of the web, different computing platforms—Unix, Mac, and Windows, primarily—didn't always agree with how text was encoded, leading to garbled cross-platform exchanges. The only viable lingua franca was 7-bit ASCII, which included fewer than 100 characters, and omitted letters from alphabets outside English and curly quotes.
Marcin Wichary, the current design lead at Medium responsible for pushing forward on typographic niceties, grew up in Poland, and says in his youth, most computers simply omitted his language's ę, ł, and other diacriticals. He says he felt privately glad that his first and last names lacked a missing Polish letter. It took years before one of his middle names was easy to type.
But ASCII and a few similar small character sets acted as a limitation only early on. With the right effort, even by the late 1990s, a browser could properly show the right curly quotes. But effort is the right word: While browsers could show typographers' quotes, it was hard for users to type them.
* * *
Straight quotes appear as an abomination in a typeface, because their designers rarely love them; they're included by necessity and often lack cohesion with other characters. The non-curly quote comes from the typewriting tradition, and arose from cost. As U. Sherman MacCormack wrote in The Stenographer in 1893: “For some time past the manufacturers of typewriters have adopted straight quotation marks, for the reason that the same character can be used at the beginning and end of the sentence, thus saving one key.”
At the time of the single quote's popularization in the 1870s, the use of paired quotation marks was just over a hundred years old. Keith Houston, the author of The Book, has traced the history of many punctuation marks back hundreds and thousands of years on his blog Shady Characters, and in a book of the same name. “There was no quotation mark for a very long time,” he says. One first appeared in the third century BCE alongside the invention of basic punctuation. It resembled a right angle bracket, >, which was resurrected in the 1970s for quoting email without any apparent connection. (The history of that newer use of > remains undocumented.)
The federal government is expected to ditch one of its most controversial budget measures - the plan to apply real interest rates to student debts - following advice from the architect of the HECS repayment scheme that it is unfair to poor graduates.
Modelling by education economist Bruce Chapman has found poor graduates could pay 30 per cent more for a degree than their high-income counterparts if the government indexes student debts at the government bond rate rather than inflation. Women who take time off work to have children would be among the hardest hit.
Education minister Christopher Pyne has received advice from leading education economist Bruce Chapman that the HECS budget measures are unfair to poor graduates. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen
Professor Chapman's paper, which has been presented to Education Minister Christopher Pyne, presents two alternative interest-rate proposals that would reduce inequity concerns but have only a small impact on the budget.
Share
If you're Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, or any other technology company that provides cloud services, then you spend a tremendous amount of time and energy responding to government requests for information. If you're a global company, that means responding to countries across the political spectrum, from those that respect individual privacy to those that do not. Meanwhile, your users rightly demand to know how much of their information is being provided along with the nature of the requests.
In response, these same companies often provide transparency reports with a variety of detail on those requests and how the company responded. Google published just such a report today, and issued a summary on its blog titled “Building on Surveillance Reform” and written by Richard Salgado, Google's director of law enforcement and information security.
In terms of sheer volume, Google received 44,943 government requests over the first half of 2016, an increase of roughly 10 percent compared to the first half of 2015, for 76,713 Google accounts, down from 81,311 accounts. Google handed over information for 64 percent of the requests, which was unchanged from the previous period. Google reports that a number of countries made requests for the first time, including Algeria, Belarus, the Cayman Islands, El Salvador, Fiji, and Saudi Arabia.
Given recent allegations that Yahoo implemented software to actively scan user email for the United States spy agencies, Google is understandably quick to note that it reviews each request carefully and ensures that it conforms to the requisite legal guidelines. For example, Google will not provide information regarding criminal cases without a search warrant, and the company has its own firm policies to protect user privacy.
Regarding the U.S. specifically, Google reports that more international accounts were included in Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) requests. Reported as a range, the number increased from 16,000-16,499 to 21,000-21,499. According to Google, the U.S. is in the process of reforming its surveillance practices in general, with FISA getting attention from the U.S. Congress.
In spite of such reforms in the U.S. and with more countries making demands, the number of requests for user information continues to grow. Increasingly, users need to consider government along with those with malicious intent when considering how their private information may be accessed and utilized.
Local councillors are being encouraged by government health officials to put fluoride in the water supply. Before doing so, they might remind themselves of the fate of Gordon Simpson. He was the mayor of Andover in the late Fifties when the Hampshire town tried to do just that. At the subsequent municipal elections, Mr Simpson and the rest of the council were swept from power by anti-fluoridation campaigners, led by the former mayor Olive Harvey. She was so appalled by the addition of fluoride to her water that she sank a borehole in the garden of her home in order to bypass the mains supply. Feelings were such that at the election count in the Guildhall there was a punch-up between candidates. Andover has been fluoride-free ever since.
Public health officials continue to produce reassuring data about the efficacy of fluoridation, but it remains just about the most politically poisonous issue there is.
Hampshire was again the testing ground for fluoridation under the last Labour government, when the now-defunct Strategic Health Authority tried to introduce a scheme in the Southampton area, in the face of fierce local objections. This time, the councils were opposed to the project and legal wrangling continues.
In the early Nineties, there was also a major battle over fluoridation in the North East, when health authorities, backed by 70 per cent of the local population, proposed a scheme that would have covered one million people. It was rejected by Northumbria Water – which feared being sued – and the courts.
And so, contrary to popular belief, there are relatively few places in England where fluoride is added to the water. It happens principally around Birmingham and in eastern England, and covers about six million people. Another 500,000 people live in areas where fluoride occurs naturally in the water supply.
Yesterday, Public Health England (PHE) published a report purporting to show that fluoridation not only reduces tooth decay but also appears to have other beneficial effects on health. In fluoridated areas, for instance, 45 per cent fewer children aged one to four were admitted to hospital. “These findings highlight the important contribution that water fluoridation makes,” said PHE. Analysts also looked for signs of harm, but found none – anti-fluoridation campaigners have suggested that water fluoridation can increase the risk of some cancers, hip fractures and Down's syndrome. The report said there was no evidence of these effects being more prevalent in fluoridated areas.
The upshot, said PHE, was that councils – which now have the final say, following the abolition of the Strategic Health Authorities – should consult local people about introducing what would be the first new fluoridation programmes for nearly 30 years.
Calcium fluoride is present naturally in virtually all water supplies, but most levels fall well short of the optimum for dental health, which is one part per million. Proponents maintain that since fluoride appears to reduce the incidence of dental caries and there is no evidence that it is harmful, why should anyone object to its being put in the water? After all, we add chlorine in order to make it drinkable. What's the difference?
Opponents, however, argue that what is added to water is sodium fluoride – which in large doses is highly poisonous. The risks of doing so, they say, are unknown, the science is questionable, and those studies that have been carried out have been equivocal in their conclusions about safety. There is also a libertarian objection that questions whether any form of medication, beneficial or otherwise, should be added to the water supply.
It is on these grounds that most European countries have rejected mass water fluoridation. However, in countries where it is widespread, such as the United States – where 70 per cent of the population drinks fluoridated water – Australia and New Zealand, dental health is far superior to this country's. On average it results in two fewer decayed, missing or filled teeth in every child who drinks it. Yet fluoridation remains controversial even in those countries that have embraced it. In America, it is not just added to the water but to baby foods, infant juices and many other drinks. Campaigners in New York this week claimed that this was leading to a greater incidence of tooth discolouration known as dental fluorosis.
Then again, there seems little doubt that overall dental standards are higher across the Atlantic than here. Moreover, as the PHE report has found, it is also better in those parts of this country where the water is treated compared with those where it is not. Children in Manchester, where water is not fluoridated, are twice as likely to have tooth decay as those in Birmingham, where it is added.
But the science is not as clear-cut as it seems. About 10 years ago, a review of the evidence by researchers at York University found that tooth decay in children across Europe had fallen, irrespective of whether there was fluoride in the water. The countries showing the biggest decrease – Sweden, Netherlands, Finland and Denmark – do not fluoridate their supplies. “This trend has occurred regardless of the concentration of fluoride in water or the use of fluoridated salt, and it probably reflects use of fluoridated toothpastes and other factors, including perhaps nutrition,” said the academics.
Writing in the British Medical Journal, they added: “Evidence on the potential benefits and harms of adding fluoride to water is relatively poor.”
Earlier this month, a paper in the Lancet said fluoride had been newly categorised as a neurotoxin, a type of chemical that has links to brain damage and IQ losses. It suggested that further research should be carried out concerning the possibility of a link between fluoride and neurological development.
In other words, the big problem for those pushing for fluoridation is that while there is a lot of research on this subject, none of it is conclusive – or not conclusive enough to convince those who believe there are harmful side-effects.
A formidable campaigning movement is cranked up and ready to pounce on any attempt to extend fluoridation, in particular the National Pure Water Association (NPWA). Founded in 1960 and funded by members' subscriptions, it opposes fluoridation “because it forces a medical intervention on an entire population, regardless of individual choice”.
Councils emboldened by yesterday's PHE report will have to consult their local populations before proceeding, though there is no absolute legal requirement for them to do so. But even if there is a majority voting in favour, that is not the end of the story. Opponents are far more vociferous and organised than supporters.
Moreover, campaigners can now tie up any authority thinking of introducing fluoridation not just in domestic lawsuits but European ones, too. Although proponents insist that because fluoride is preventative it is not medication, the NPWA argues that any scheme would contravene generally accepted principles of medical ethics and violate the EU Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine.
In evidence to the Commons health committee's investigation into public health, the NPWA argued that fluoride is not an essential nutrient and there is no high-quality scientific evidence to show that it is either effective or safe. The submission added: “The UK population is over-exposed to fluoride from all sources. Fluoridation is now seen to be an unscientific and outdated idea.”
But this is a policy that will not go away. It now seems that a fresh attempt is to be made to fluoridate the whole of England (Scotland decided not to pursue fluoridation 10 years ago and there are no schemes in Wales and Northern Ireland). The battle lines are drawn once more, just as they were in sleepy Andover nearly 60 years ago.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool and loans are not natural bedfellows. Since the turn of the millennium, the Reds have farmed out plenty of players to other clubs, never to see them return.
Alou Diarra was signed in 2002, took a three-year tour of France, before being sold to Lens. Jon Otsemobor spent time at Hull, Bolton and Crewe before his Anfield career was cut short; Godwin Antwi was subject to four loans, as was Adam Hammill, while Krisztian Nemeth was sent to AEK Athens before being shipped off elsehwere.
That is not to say these players should have come back to Anfield – Nemeth now plays for Roda JC, while Otsemobor no longer has a team – but the club's utilisation of loan deals consistently baffled.
There have been exceptions - Danny Murphy, Stephen Warnock and Martin Kelly – but for a long while, being sent on loan was one step closer to the exit door, the point of no return.
Change could be afoot; no surprise with Brendan Rodgers in charge. The Northern Irishman has spoken of how the current crop of loanees are benefiting from their tasks elsewhere.
“The loans have certainly been beneficial,” Rodgers told the ECHO.
“There are different types of loans for different players. In particular for the young players it's very important for them to gain that experience.
“It's good for us to put them into clubs who operate with a similar philosophy. That helps their development and hopefully brings them back ready to play pressurised football at a high level.”
On-loan Liverpool stars have been a hot topic in the past week anyway - largely because of Fabio Borini.
The Italian, arguably the most high-profile temporary departure of the summer, etched himself into Sunderland folklore with a magnificent goal in the League Cup final. In truth, his showings in the competition against Manchester United and Chelsea – as well as a winner against rivals Newcastle – had already put him in Wearside's good graces.
But the experience Rodgers spoke of is not just about time on the pitch, with ball at feet; it is also about emotion and mentality, about having important roles in important games. Shaking off Vincent Kompany and caressing the ball beyond Costel Pantilimon was vital – but just as vital was seeing, hearing and feeling the adulation of the Black Cats supporters.
Borini was one of three loanees mentioned by Rodgers - Suso, on loan to Almeria, and Andre Wisdom, who is currently at Derby County, were also referenced.
Indeed, those three are the three who could potentially improve the squad next season and strength its depth - particularly important with European football looking a certainty.
In the league, Borini has already scored two more than he did for the Reds last season, albeit in 21 games as opposed to 13.
His shot accuracy has also doubled in improvement, from 30% to 62%, while his shots per game (1.5), dribbles per game (0.8) and key passes per game (0.5) have all markedly improved.
This is despite Sunderland boss Gus Poyet often utilising him on the wings – but regardless of where he plays, he looks stronger, quicker and sharper.
For Suso, he has relished the responsibility of being the creative pivot of relegation battlers Almeria. He has already made 10 more league appearances than he did last season, scoring two goals and making seven assists.
He is far more creative, making 0.9 chances a game as opposed to 0.57, while his accuracy with the ball has improved to 73%. He also averages one key pass a game – an impressive effort for a side tipped to go straight back down – while he's doubled his number of dribbles from last season to 1.6 a game.
Wisdom, meanwhile, has profited from the tutelage of Steve McLaren. He's already made 79 clearances, seven blocks and 14 interceptions this season – more than his tallies at Liverpool last season. The defender has also gradually reduced his tendency to dive in, making fewer tackles per game than he did at Anfield.
The futures of these three players are not known for certain, but what is known is how all three have improved at their current clubs, thriving in their new-found responsibility.
Not all loan deals will bring the success of this trio. While Jordon Ibe and Tiago Ilori will hope to emulate them at Birmingham and Granada respectively, the status of others remains unknown.
It has been two decades of getting these deals more wrong than right, but this season looks set to change that in some way. When hoping to compete for honours both domestically and on the European stage, the shift will be most welcome.
More Liverpool FC news:
Suarez happy at Anfield but open to future in Italy
Reds analysis: Liverpool on target for one of their best goalscoring seasons since the war
REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The recession created millions of long-term and shadow unemployed, and the question is whether the recovery will bring them back.
Now, as Fed Chair Janet Yellen testified before Congress, there are still plenty of reasons to think there's plenty of slack left in the labor market. There are the part-time unemployed, who have jobs but can't find the full-time ones they want. Then there are the long-term unemployed, who have been looking for work for six months or longer and have trouble getting companies to even read their resumés anymore. And finally, there are the shadow unemployed, who have given up looking but would take a job if they could find one. This all adds up to a much weaker economy than the headline 6.1 percent unemployment rate suggests. And it's why wage growth has stayed so weak even though things have started to pick up a bit.
The hope, of course, is that a stronger recovery will suck in more of these marginalized workers. But how realistic is that? Well, it's not clear. On the one hand, there is evidence that a better job market does help the long-term unemployed, despite the discrimination they face in the hiring process. You can see that in the chart below from a recent Fed study. It shows each state's short-term and long-term unemployment rates compared to their pre-recession averages. In general, the more a state's short-term unemployment rate has fallen, the more its long-term one has too—and that's mostly because of people finding jobs, not dropping out.
But, on the other hand, there isn't much—or any, really—evidence that a better job market brings back more of the shadow unemployed. As you can see in the chart I made from FRED, there's basically no relationship between the unemployment rate and the percent of people not in the labor force who either get or start looking for a job. And by "basically no relationship," I mean an R-squared of 0.00099.
It doesn't matter if unemployment is 5 or 6 or 7—or even 10 percent. The percent of people entering the labor force doesn't really change: it's always somewhere between 7 and 8 percent. Now, that doesn't mean anything changes. When unemployment is low, more people move from out of the labor force into jobs. And when it's high, more of them move into unemployment—they start looking for work, but can't find it. You can see that in the chart below that former CEA Chair Alan Krueger has highlighted.
What explains this? Well, during the good times, the people entering the labor force are probably students looking for and finding jobs. But during the bad times, kids stay in school as long as they can to hide out from the recession, and the people entering the labor force are ones who didn't expect to work but need to now. Maybe their spouse got laid off, or maybe their 401(k) got vaporized—in either case, they start looking for jobs that aren't there.
You might expect this time to be different—with more discouraged people returning—because this recession was different. But there's no sign of that yet. In fact, people are entering the labor force at a lower rate today than at any other time in the past 25 years. Part of that might be because more of the people not in the labor force are retired, but still, there's been no bounceback.
The depressing lesson might be that there's a high cost to letting the short-term unemployed become long-term unemployed and then shadow unemployed. That cost is careers lost, forever.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Department of Homeland Security head John Kelly sat down Wednesday with Mexico's foreign minister Luis Videgaray in Washington, D.C. The meeting came about two weeks after Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto canceled his own White House visit after tensions escalated between the two when President Donald Trump signed an executive order for the construction of the border-wall and insisted, again, that Mexico pick up the billion-dollar tab. The two presidents later spoke over the phone, but it apparently got a bit weird.
According to a State Department spokesperson, Tillerson and Videgaray had a “constructive conversation on a range of U.S.-Mexico collaboration including law enforcement, migration, and security. ” The Mexican Foreign ministry says more or less the same, adding that they discussed the treatment and due-process protections for Mexican migrants in the United States.
Tillerson will repay the favor in a few weeks, and head down to Mexico City — though the exact date of his visit has not been set. Videgaray, when asked if Nieto would be meet with Trump in person any time soon, he replied succinctly: “Not for now.”
But Nieto may still end up booking a trip to Washington. Members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus have requested House and Senate leaders invite Nieto to speak at a joint session of Congress. “Recent statements and actions by the Trump Administration have damaged our nations' ties,” the letter's signatories wrote. “It is absolutely critical that Congress reiterates the United States' commitment to our important ally Mexico.” The letter does ask that Congress consult with Trump before extending a formal invite — likely to avoid another Boehner-Netanyahu debacle — but say lawmakers would “benefit from engaging directly” with the Mexican president.
The Large Hadron Collider will begin blasting apart atoms starting in October, scientists at CERN confirmed today.
The much-ballyhooed "most complex machine in the world" will officially restart in September, going through a series of tests, before it progresses to actual science experiments that could (all together now) provide new understanding about the nature of dark matter and the first few moments after the Big Bang.
That is, if it doesn't break like it did last September, mere days after it started up and a week before the first collisions were scheduled to take place. Last time around, a helium leak seriously damaged part of the tunnel track on which beams are accelerated. Psyched physicists, who've been waiting for a generation to test the sprawling ideas of theoretical physics, were forced to postpone their experiments for yet another year. Now, they've got a date to repin their hopes on.
"The schedule we have now is without a doubt the best for the LHC and for the physicists waiting for data,” said CERN Director General Rolf
Heuer. “It is cautious, ensuring that all the necessary work is done on the LHC before we start up, yet it allows physics research to begin this year.”
*Image: CERN. An LHC component "in the style of" Leonardo da Vinci. *
See Also:
WiSci 2.0: Alexis Madrigal's Twitter , Google Reader feed, and project site, Inventing Green: the lost history of American clean tech; Wired Science on Facebook.
KCMG will not return to the LMP2 ranks of the FIA World Endurance Championship this year, following a turbulent 2015 season that saw the Hong Kong-backed team miss out on the title.
Motorsport.com reports the Paul Ip-owned squad has pulled the plug on its P2 program for a full-season effort, having sold one of its two Oreca 05 chassis.
A decision on a possible GTE-Am effort with a Porsche 911 RSR, run in cooperation with Proton Competition, has yet to be made.
The team, which claimed class victory in the 24 Hours of Le Mans with Richard Bradley, Matt Howson and Nicolas Lapierre, lost out on the LMP2 World Championship following a controversial incident at Fuji that resulted in a DNF.
A return to Le Mans, however, appears to be on the cards, via its auto-invite for winning last year's French endurance classic.
“Everything is still under review,” Ip told Endurance-Info about 2016. “We'd like to run in the 24 Hours of Le Mans but otherwise nothing is confirmed at present.
“I have already spent a lot of money in FIA WEC and I wish to develop my business. KCMG will be present in ten championships this year.
“We must not forget that only four people make up [the WEC] team full-time.”
An upgrade to Apple's mobile iOS operating system due this fall will enable iPhones to use the technology underlying the Apple Pay wireless payment system for more tasks.
Users of newer iPhone models, for example, may be able to use their phones as mass transit passes, security badges, or to scan products for information about their manufacture.
This is thanks to new support for near field communications (NFC) technology that Apple (aapl) disclosed in June. And that, in turn, should help iPhones do more of the things that phones running Google's (goog) rival Android operating system can already do.
Right now Apple's use of NFC is limited to its three-year old Apple Pay system which lets people make cash-free transactions by holding their phone up to an NFC reader. The new operating system tweaks will open up access to the phone's existing NFC chip to more types of applications, as noted by tech news site Engadget in June.
The thing about this is that Android users already have had many more NFC-enabled options than their iPhone toting buddies. In some regions, Android phones double as bus or train passes, door keys, and for checking whether that $2,400 Maria&Donato purse is authentic or a knock-off.
Apple's addition of what it calls “CoreNFC” to iOS 11 means that iPhones going forward will be able to read more types of NFC tags than those used for payments so developers can build applications that take advantage of secure NFC connectivity. And that could help Apple close the Android app gap.
As an example of existing NFC applications, check out the Khushi Baby project in India, which puts infants' encrypted medical data on a tiny wearable necklaces. Then physicians can access the information by holding a properly authorized smart phone or other NFC device near the necklace to get the medical information they need.
Some luxury goods manufacturers, including Salvatore Ferragamo and the aforementioned Maria&Donato, already use NFC tags to help shoppers validate the authenticity of their goods to thwart counterfeiters.
App developers see more of those kinds of applications coming to the U.S., partly because of Apple adopting the technology.
Igor Faletski, CEO of Mobify, a Vancouver, B.C. company that specializes in mobile apps, is excited about the possibilities. With CoreNFC, developers will be able to create and embed electronic tags in objects and then make iOS applications to use the data in those tags. “This is likely to enable a lot of great local applications—transit passes and productivity apps for scanning merchandise in stores and warehouses,” he said.
Related: Apple Is Now Working With This Key Google-Backed Technology
Thinfilm, an Oslo, Norway-based company, makes smart labels that incorporate NFC chips for businesses including vineyards, cosmetics companies, and luxury goods makers. Products with these embedded tags can be tracked from manufacturer through distribution to store shelves. After the sale, the tag can also confirm that the appropriate taxes have been paid on the purchase.
Don Tait, principal analyst with research firm IHS Markit, agrees that there are many possibilities for the technology. “People are focused on smart phones, but you can add NFC support to watches, ATMs, sports equipment, and medical devices as well,” he said.
It is worth noting that Apple, which usually works in a controlled, walled environment, is showing signs of opening up by incorporating this technology. That may be because it sees a growing threat from the Android camp.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
Just as adding NFC capabilities could help Apple, it would also likely boost NFC adoption in the U.S., where Apple controls a large part of the mobile device market.
“From a technical perspective, this is largely a parity play for Apple to catch up to where various Android phones have been for years,” says Bill Magnuson, CEO of Appboy, a mobile marketing software company. “Despite being late to the party, Apple's endorsement of standards like this can be a catalyst for widespread adoption of new use cases that have been years in waiting.”
This support could also help NFC start to replace QR codes that are sometimes used to encode product and pricing information in products. QR, or quick response codes, are those square black-and-white bar codes that people scan with smart phone cameras to get more information.
To date, NFC adoption in the U.S. beyond payment systems has been slow largely because of Apple's late and limited support for it, says Phil Sealy, principal analyst with ABI Research. As Apple starts to embrace the technology, companies can start tapping a much bigger market in the U.S.
Related: The Ick Factor and Biometrics Limit Demand for Implanted Security Chips
The upcoming NFC compatibility, as described by Apple, just covers “reading” NFC tags. It doesn't look like Apple devices will be able to take the NFC data they have scanned and share it with other devices. In the Android world, users can put their own devices together to share” that data in a “tap and go” model, says Magnuson.
But hey, it's a start.
Along with the reveal trailer for Infinite Warfare we now have official confirmation of Modern Warfare Remastered.
It's being developed by Raven, with Infinity Ward overseeing production and, according to a press release from Activision, promises "vibrant current generation visuals, with fully improved texture resolution and detail, high-dynamic range lighting, lit and shadowing VFX particles, revamped animation and more."
That talk of “revamped animation” sounds like we're getting more than just a basic brush up. Here's the full spiel and some confirmation of what's coming with the 10 map multipayer:
"Fans will relive the full, iconic campaign as they're transported around the globe with Capt. Price, Gaz and Soap across all the missions from the original game, including 'All Ghillied Up,' 'Charlie Don't Surf,' and 'Crew Expendable.' Players will also experience the online multiplayer mode that redefined Call of Duty by introducing killstreaks, XP, Prestige and more, and battle head-to-head in 10 fan-favorite maps from the original multiplayer mode, including classics such as 'Crash,' 'Backlot' and'Crossfire.'”
It's not clear yet if you can buy to remaster separately as the only details so far have it bundled with Infinite Warfare:
The buying options there are as follows
Legacy Edition/Digital Legacy Edition ($80) - Includes both Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered
Digital Deluxe Edition ($100) - Includes Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered and Season Pass
Legacy Pro Edition ($120) - Includes Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered, Season Pass, collectible Steelbook, official game soundtrack, and additional digital items
Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Archaeologists have discovered the site of a long-lost banqueting house belonging to Tudor king Henry VIII. The site was originally uncovered by workmen laying a cable for a children's play area in the grounds near Surrey.
Finds reveal that the decoration of the building was luxuriant as items discovered include gilded lead leaves which were "a similar level of decoration" of the same high level as inside the opulent palace. "This is prime real estate in terms of Henry VIII's Hampton Court," said Dan Jackson, the palace's curator of historic buildings.
The banqueting house was located in one of the king's five Tiltyard Towers that bordered a large six-acre site specially created for jousting and other displays of pageantry. The Towers were built in the 1530s at lavish expense to entertain visiting kings and ambassadors. Documents show they were constructed between 1534-1536 and were among the earliest built-in England.
The original buildings are believed to have been two to three storeys high and were viewing galleries for esteemed guests to watch the jousts and mock battle scenes. "These sporting events were a "Royal Ascot of the day… places to see and be seen," Jackson said in a Sunday Times report.
Over the years the royal tournaments fell out of favour and gardens were built over the foundations, with their precise location lost for three centuries – until now.
Dangers of jousting
The 1530s were tumultuous times in English history as well as in Henry VIII's personal life. On 25 January 1533, the Tudor king married Anne Boleyn his second Queen consort, and he became supreme head of the Church of England. Also in this year, the Buggery Act (applicable from 1534) made sodomy subject to the death penalty – the first time such sexual acts had been legislated against outside ecclesiastical courts.
Henry was a keen participant in jousting, but nearly died during an accident that occurred at a tournament at Greenwich Palace on 24 January 1536. In full armour, the king was thrown from his horse, which then fell on top of him. He was unconscious for two hours.
Although he recovered, his jousting career was over and he suffered from serious leg problems that tormented him for the rest of his life. It may have caused an undetected brain injury which affected his personality, according to a History Channel documentary, Inside the Body of Henry VIII.
Editor's note: The original headline indicated the building discovered was 300 years old. This has now been changed to 480 years. IBTimes UK apologises for the error.
Tevez to Liga MX transfer rumors denied by Shanghai Shenhua
The Chinese Super League club rejected talk of an exit by the Argentine to Mexico, and expect him to report to training in Spain
Shanghai Shenhua has shut down transfer rumors suggesting that Carlos Tevez will leave behind his Chinese club for a Liga MX side in 2018.
Talk circulated that the Argentine striker, 33, was on his way to Liga MX, with multiple Mexican teams reported to have interest.
However, Tevez's club Shanghai Shenhua has released a statement denying the validity of those rumors and expecting him to report to the club's preseason training in .
Article continues below
"We will head for Spain for a month-long preseason training at Marbella on Tuesday morning and all of our foreign players will be there," Shanghai Shenhua team manager Mao Yijun told Shanghai Morning Post.
"We will bring 29 Chinese players [to Marbella] this time. With all the foreign players on board, it will be a 34-man squad."
It is the second time in just over a week Tevez's exit from the club has been denied.
Boca Juniors, Tevez's former club, has been a long-rumored destination for the striker, but released a statement December 18 denying they were in talks to sign him, or that there was any option for Tevez to get out of his contract before it expires in 2018.
Some reports had stated Tevez had a clause which allowed him to return to Boca Juniors.
The latest rumors linked him three Liga MX teams: 2017 Apertura champions Tigres, America and Pumas. With Tigres, Tevez would have linked up with a powerful attack that features Andre-Pierre Gignac, Eduardo Vargas and Enner .
However, Goal understands that Tevez has been granted permission to join Shanghai on Jan. 4, a change from last week when he expected on Dec. 26. He will meet the team in Spain, flying directly from .
Tevez moved to the Chinese club from Boca at the start 2017 as one of the league's high-profile signings, inking a massive two-year deal that was reportedly worth over £30 million per year.
However, he failed to live up to his price tag in year one, playing in just 16 games and scoring four times as Shanghai endured a disappointing campaign.
A calf injury sidelined him for part of the season, but Shanghai coach Wu Jingui also refused to play him late in the year, calling him out of shape after his injury.
Tevez also attracted a huge deal of criticism from Shanghau Shenhua fans after it emerged on social media that he went to Disneyland while injured.
That has spurred talk Tevez would not be around for the second and final year of his contract, but so far the striker remains on the Chinese club's books.
Shanghai's season kicks off on February 14 when they face Japanese side Kashima Antlers in the AFC .
Story highlights 22 demonstrators are arrested
28 are hurt, 2 of them police
Some 6,000 protesters gathered outside Spain's congressional building in Madrid
The demonstrators are against the government and the opposition
Thousands of protesters fed up with the country's austerity measures demonstrated here Tuesday outside the congressional building.
Clashes between police and demonstrators in central Madrid's Neptuno Square resulted in 28 people being hurt, two of them police officers, a police spokesman said.
The spokesman said 22 people among the estimated crowd of 6,000 had been arrested.
Demonstrators said police were shooting into the crowd with rubber bullets; the police would not comment.
"We have you surrounded," some demonstrators sang. "We have no fear."
JUST WATCHED Spaniards protest austerity plans Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Spaniards protest austerity plans 02:49
JUST WATCHED Spain's hairdressers fear tax, not cuts Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Spain's hairdressers fear tax, not cuts 02:42
JUST WATCHED Spain's olive oil crisis Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Spain's olive oil crisis 02:45
At one point, Spanish police charged demonstrators with batons to prevent them from approaching the parliament, which was in session.
Spain is facing an economic crisis with unemployment near 25%, and the protesters accused the government and the opposition alike of trying to solve the country's financial woes on the backs of the people.
Video from the scene showed police charging groups of protesters with their clubs, but such clashes were isolated.
Protesters' demands include a reduction in the size of the government, state-run broadcaster TVE reported.
Some protesters threw bottles and rocks at the police officers, who fought back, TVE reported.
The Phoenix Lander lowers itself onto Mars using a set of powerful thrusters. No airbags for this tricky touch down on the red planet. Image
DENVER, Colorado —Getting the Phoenix Mars Lander down and dirty on the red planet is anengineering saga stretching out over a decade. Its mission "raises fromthe ashes" a spacecraft and instruments from two prior tries to reach thered planet: the Mars Polar Lander that failed to phone home in 1999and a 2001 lander that was mothballed and shelved by NASA.
The builders of those twoearlier spacecraft here at Lockheed Martin Space Systems have taken lessonslearned to send Phoenix on its way.
Fingers are crossed forsure, but confidence is high that, indeed, the flight of the Phoenix will openup a new chapter in Mars exploration.
Shimmy and shake, digdeeper
In putting togetherNASA's next Mars lander, special attention was placed on the spacecraft's gangof a dozen pulse-firing descent thrusters that use rapidly opening and closingvalves. The vibration they create was found to shimmy and shake throughout thespacecraft structure. A similar system was utilized on the failed Mars Polar Lander.
"That was a hugerisk item to get retired very early," said Ed Sedivy, the company's Phoenix program manager. He led the Lockheed Martin engineering team in designing,constructing, and testing the Phoenix spacecraft.
Other problems that were spotlightedin a failure investigation board looking into the loss of the Mars Polar Lander— as well as those identified by company experts — were tackled by testing,testing and more testing.
"If you look back atthe Mars Polar Lander experience, that mission did not have every opportunityto be successful," Sedivy told SPACE.com.
Having another chance towork out those problems was key, said Timothy Priser, the Phoenix entry, decentand landing phase lead at Lockheed Martin Space Systems. "We were given anopportunity to do it again. And engineers when they are given that opportunityare going to dig deeper and they are going to make it better," he added.
Not on the radar screen
An early problem Phoenix designers also wrestled with was the prospect that the lander's radar might lockonto the spacecraft's own discarded heat shield — and not on the rapidlyapproaching Martian landscape.
That issue was not on theradar screen, quite literally, for the Mars Polar Lander mission nor the MarsSurveyor 2001 program, Priser said. Radar behavior improvements through the useof an algorithm in the computer brains of the Phoenix lander have solved thisconcern, he added.
Additionally, in thelanding profile for Phoenix, there is a 70 second delay between heat shieldjettison and the time the space probe starts to use its radar to gauge distanceto ground, speed of descent and horizontal velocity.
"It turned out to bea pretty simple fix ... and the delay in the timeline is what will mitigateit," Priser said.
Big wild card
One of the unknowns thatthe 772 pounds (350 kilogram) Phoenix will encounter happens as the craft setsits three legs onto the arctic terrain. The ground texture shows polygonalcracking — a fractured surface.
"The reconnaissanceof the landing sites has been like nothing we've ever been the beneficiary ofin the past," Sedivy said. He points to the super-powerful camera gearaboard NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO), adding: "It is visualimagery with resolution far better than we've had in the past."
Still, what truly awaits Phoenix in terms of arctic surface geology and cold temperatures is a puzzle.
"It's the thingthat's the big wild card for us. We're going to a place that nobody has everput an asset before," Sedivy explained. "It could be thermally morehostile than we were expecting ... or it could be more benign. We just don'tknow."
With descent thrustersfiring, Phoenix will be speeding at about 5.4 miles per hour (2.4 meters persecond) in vertical velocity just before touchdown. But the horizontal velocitycould be up to 1.4 meters per second, advised Tim Gasparrini, deputy programmanager for the Phoenix entry, descent and landing at Lockheed Martin SpaceSystems.
What will truly greet thelander in terms of slopes, polygons, and rocks is not known. "It'ssomewhat of a complicated analysis to do in terms of touchdown," Gasparrinisaid. "But we've got a reasonably high probability of landing success evengiven all factors."
Phoenix fan dance
Nevertheless, Sedivy saidhe's nervous when trying to second-guess the depth of those polygonal fracturesand what may await Phoenix in terms of any crevasses.
"If they are narrow,the lander won't care. If they are not so narrow, the lander might care,"Sedivy noted.
Phoenix is about exploration, Gasparrini said, "andthis is one of the risks of that exploration." All the MRO imagery anddata gathered about the landing site has been phenomenal, he said, "butit's not the same as being there ... and Phoenix is going to be there."
Once the Phoenix footpads detect contact with the ground, the lander's thrusters will shut down. Theblast effect from those thrusters — from soil liquefaction and gas-soilbursting — is expected to toss light soil and dust up into the air.
Indeed, before thelander's solar arrays are unfurled, there's a 20 minute wait, a period of timethought long enough for churned up dust and dirt to settle.
Then the Phoenix fan dance begins: two nearly circular decagons of energy-generating solar cellsextend from opposite sides of the lander, unfolded in Chinese fan-like fashion.
"It's reallyimportant to get the solar arrays open, to get ourselves power-positive,"Sedivy said. "You don't begin to breathe again until you see your solar arraysdeployed."
Opening day
That crucial opening daydeployment of solar arrays comes down to a wax job.
Electrical power isapplied to a paraffin actuator that, when that wax melts, allows the arrays tospread outward. That process should take some two to five minutes, with thevariability due to temperature in the landing area and how long it takes forthe wax to melt, Sedivy explained.
In the event that onearray fails to fold out, Gasparrini responded: "We can run a mission.It'll be a little different and may not get everything quite done that you wantdone. But you would be able to run a mission ... one that is tailored to meet yourpower constraints."
Sedivy added: "Onpaper, we've got a pretty respectable mission with one solar array."
But the bad news comes ifboth solar arrays are a no-show. Phoenix will be alive on batteries for about31 hours. That trickling down of energy and a ticking countdown clock wouldmean taking risks. A fast-paced, priority-setting scenario would have to bescripted in order to maximize scientific output from the dying lander.
"It's not the sortof activity you'd like to see after spending the last four years designing thevehicle," Sedivy said. "So being diligent engineers, there arecontingency procedures in place. To be ill-prepared for surprises is not inanybody's best interest," he pointed out.
First photos
The first photos from Phoenix are meant to provide engineering data. That is, a footpad picture will conveytechnical information about the surface upon which the lander is resting.Imagery is also to be taken of pie-shaped sections of the solar arrays. Thatshould reveal if they are under full-tension and latched in place or a problemhas occurred during deployment.
The cost of the Phoenixmission breaks out into a U.S. investment of $420 million, includingdevelopment, science instruments, launch and operations; plus the CanadianSpace Agency's investment of $37 million for the weather station carriedby the Mars lander.
In coming to full-stop onMars, the spacecraft will have traveled about 422 million miles (679 million km).
As landing day for Phoenix approaches, the designers, builders and operators of the spacecraft feel thatthey've treated concerns flagged by the Mars Polar Lander loss and learned fromthe shelved Mars Surveyor 2001 mission.
Confidence-building onthe Phoenix project via extensive testing was done. A laundry list of issueshas been addressed that might crop up to hinder the lander from safely reachingthe red planet and operating successfully at the Martian polar north.
Yet, fingers are stillcrossed. Getting to Mars is a balance of risk, hard work and a good dose ofluck.
"I think we've doneeverything that we could have done," Sedivy concluded.
(NaturalNews) More than 20 years after the end of the Gulf War, tens of thousands of US veterans are still complaining of a host of symptoms developed during or after their tour of duty.They suffer from memory and concentration problems, chronic headaches, widespread pain, depression, balance disturbances, gastrointestinal problems, chronic fatigue and more. The latest figures from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs scientific advisory committee on the Gulf War illness show about 25 percent of the 700,000 military personnel deployed to the 1991 Persian Gulf War are affected.The cause of what is often called Gulf War Syndrome (GWS) is still unknown but prime suspects are exposure to depleted uranium weapons, neurotoxic chemicals including pesticides, nerve gas, and multiple vaccines given to the soldiers by the military. Another explanation that has been widely circulated over the decades is that GWS is simply a bogus disease of malingerers and hypochondriacs --- a condition that is "all in their heads."This dismissal of the suffering of veterans who insist they are severely ill with GWS has come from a wide spectrum of so-called experts including doctors, journalists and some government officials. For example, formereditor Marcia Angell sarcastically called it a "will o the wisp" syndrome in a New York Times interview. And self-styled health claims debunker journalist and lawyer Michael Fumento have scoffed that anyone who hasn't had the kind of symptoms GWS sufferers claim to experience would have to be an android.Now there's new and compelling evidence that GWS really is a disease that is, in fact, "in the heads" of veterans suffering with the cluster of health problems that make up the controversial syndrome. Specifically, it is in their brains.A new study just published online in the journaldocuments blood flow abnormalities found in the brains of veterans with Gulf War illness that have persisted 20 years after the war. In some veterans, the blood flow abnormalities have gotten worse over time.principal investigator Robert W. Haley, M.D., chief of epidemiology in the Departments of Internal Medicine and Clinical Sciences at the University of Texas (UT) Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, said in a statement to the media.The hippocampus is the part of the brain responsible for forming long-term memories and helping navigate space. The UT researchers noted that many of the GWS neurological symptoms, including memory loss, confusion, irritability and disorders in motion control, are clues that the hippocampus may be impaired.For the just published study, Dr. Haley's research team used a new technique called arterial spin labeled (ASL) MRI to assess hippocampal regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) in 13 control participants and 35 patients with GWS. The scientists noted that there appears to be predominance of one of three types of symptoms in GWS patients : impaired cognition; confusion and ataxia (lack of voluntary muscle control); and central neuropathic (nerve) pain.Each patient in the study first received intravenous infusions of saline and then, after 48 hours, an infusion of a short-acting cholinesterase inhibitor called physostigmine. Physostigmine is used to test how well the cholinergic system (a neurotransmitter system involved in the regulation of memory and learning) is working in the brain.Richard W. Briggs, Ph.D., professor of radiology at UT Southwestern and co-author of the new research paper, pointed out in the media statement that scanning the brain after giving the cholinesterase inhibitor medication is particularly well suited to diagnosing Gulf War illness because it picks up brain abnormalities too subtle for regular MRIs to detect. "This allows us to make the diagnosis in a single two-hour session without the need for exposure to ionizing radiation," Dr. Briggs said.The findings replicated the results of a previous nuclear imaging test called a SPECT (single-photon emission computerized tomography) scan which was performed by Dr. Haley largely on the same group of veterans over a decade ago. The new study shows that the abnormal brain blood flow detected then had persisted.In fact, the new findings revealed something else very troublesome:
Today we would like to announce that WebKit is the first browser engine to fully pass Acid3. A while back, we posted that we scored 100/100 and matched the reference rendering. Now, thanks to recent speedups in JavaScript, DOM and rendering, we have passed the third condition, smooth animation on reference hardware.
Here is a screenshot of a successful run:
Here is the timing reference dialog you get by clicking on the “A” in Acid3 that confirms we pass the smooth animation condition on a 2.4GHz MacBook Pro:
To try it for yourself, grab a nightly. Keep in mind that on slower machines, the timing may not be perfect, and you need to do a cached run of the test (load it once, close window, open new window, load it again) to avoid delays from the network.
Yesterday, an animated trailer heralded what Stellaris fans have been waiting for: The game's first full-fledged expansion, titled Utopia, will be released on April 6. Similarly to the Leviathans story pack, and other Paradox DLC releases, a major patch will accompany Utopia. Patch 1.5 is named after the late science-fiction writer Iain M. Banks, known for his utopian Culture novels that narrate the interactions of a hyper-advanced civilization (the Culture) in an universe full of aliens on various points of the technological spectrum. In a patch that spices up the game by livening up the game's intra-imperial politics and adds support for ‘tall' empires, Stellaris' developers could have hardly chosen a better name for their patch.
But what exactly comes with the 1.5 patch and the Utopia expansion – and is it worth your time and money? Let's look at what we know so far and its impacts on gameplay. The expansion totally revamps the internal working of space empires, and adds mega-structures: the ability to build and maintain ring worlds, Dyson spheres and space habitats. Those who buy the expansion will also benefit from Ascension paths, different ways in which your civilization can attain transcendence by focusing on technological progress, psionic powers or biological evolution – an idea straight out of the Culture novels.
Building Tall and Ascending
The headline feature of the expansions are orbital habitats and mega-structures. Both features are intended to provide a benefit to those players ‘building tall' – favoring a small number of highly advanced systems over vast star empires – and are exclusive to the Utopia expansion. Habitats are giant space stations that players can construct around non-habitable planets, providing twelve population slots with 100% habitability, the same as a small Gaia world. Habitats will have their own special buildings that cannot be upgraded, but provide a bonus similar to an upgraded planetary facility. They are also technologically expensive to obtain, requiring an Ascension Perk (more on that later) and maximum-level spaceport technology. While habitats are similar to building a new city, mega-structures are unique, multi-stage construction projects that require a significant investment of technology, time and resources to build and are more like world wonders. Currently, we know that players will be able to build Ringworlds, Dyson spheres, a Sentry Array and a Science Nexus. Ringworlds provide the equivalent of four fully-sized Gaia worlds of population space, Dyson Spheres will give you huge amounts of energy credits, while the Science Nexus and the Sentry Array give science points and galaxy-wide sensor strength respectively. Additionally, Dyson spheres and Ringworlds will render the rest of the system barren and lifeless.
Erecting those megastructures will require an investment in their corresponding Ascension traits. Those traits are part of a system called Unity & Traditions that will – with the exception of the Ascension mechanic – be available to all players, regardless of whether they bought Utopia. The system is essentially providing you with traits for your empire, similar to talents in RPGs. The Banks patch introduces a new resource called Unity that you generally obtain by constructing government buildings (thus forgoing resource-creating buildings). There are seven traits each grouped into the seven Tradition trees of Expansion, Domination, Prosperity, Harmony, Supremacy, Diplomacy, and Exploration. Every time a player who has bought Utopia completes one of the trees, they unlock an Ascension perk slot. There's currently well over 20 different perks, so you can expect to be able to customize your star empire to your liking. From those 20+ perks, two each are reserved for the ‘Species Endgame' path of achieving a sort of transcendence through biological (more gene modding), psionic (make all your empire pops psychic, being able to communicate with the otherworldly Shroud) or synthetic means (replacing your pops with synths).
Of those paths, the developers have to date only enlightened us on the psionic ascension path. While all will stay the same for those who have not bought the expansion, for those that did, psionics no longer is a technology to research. Instead, you can choose the ‘Mind over Matter' Ascension Perk to unlock psionic abilities. This is part of the Psionic Ascension Path, thus locking you out of the synthetic and biological options. In exchange, latent Psychic powers are now present in your primary species, giving you access to Psionic Armies and the Psi Corps building. Also, some leaders will have the ‘Psychic' trait, giving them unique bonuses. A second stage, the ‘Transcendance' perk, will make all of your primary species psychic, and all your primary species leaders will have the corresponding trait. Doing this will also make you aware of the Shroud, the otherworldly dimension that is the source of all psionic power. For a large cost of energy, you will then be able to explore this dimension.
While Paradox have not given us a glimpse into the other Ascension paths yet, they did give us a detailed look into their plans for internal politics and government reform. And Hive Minds. Yes, you read right. Ready? Let's dive right in.
In the old system, you would distribute three ethics points on a range of ethics, such as individualistic, materialistic or spiritual, this system has now changed. Under the new system, you choose your empires Civics, the old government ethics, and additionally the way authority changes hands in your empire: democratic (frequent elections), oligarchic (infrequent elections), dictatorial (elections on death of a ruler) and imperial (appointed line of succession). However, civics and authority have become fluid, rather than fixtures of your realm. Owners of the expansion will be able to choose from additional new, and highly specialized Civics and a new Authority form, and also be able to indoctrinate non-spacefaring pops to their ethics. For example, you could start with an empire whose primary species have evolved with a subservient species or robot mining pops, or be fanatic purifiers, a Civic that removes all diplomacy options and forced you to exterminate all xenophobe pops. A rather cool little feature reminiscent of the Borg is the Hive-Mind authority, whose pops are interconnected drones that ignore all happiness and cannot join factions, allowing players to ignore internal politics completely, at the cost of reduced Influence gains – and being forced to eat conquered pops.
All-New Politics
“But”, the veteran Stellaris player might now pipe up, “what internal politics is he talking about”? Internal politics currently consists of either enslaving your pops or spending influence to control factions or to just put enough military on planets to quell yearly revolts. In Banks, factions have gotten, let's say, a bit more intricate.
The old rebel factions are gone from the faction system and have been renamed to ‘Unrest'. Each planet will have an unrest score determined by local conditions, primarily being increased by unhappy pops – and decreased by happy pops and garrisoned armies. Enslaved pops contribute less to the Unrest score. When Unrest is high, political events will fire – pops might produce less, go on (hunger-)strike, destroy buildings or even full-on revolt.
In place of the old rebel faction system, there is now the new political faction system. Factions might represent interest groups, political parties or popular movements. Faction will emerge over time, when their interests become relevant and will consist primarily of groups belonging to a certain ethic. Those factions have certain goals, and – depending on your reaction with regards to those goals – a happiness level. The faction happiness will affect the base happiness of each pop belonging to that faction. This means that if you displease a large faction, it might severely impact the amount of energy and minerals you get from your empire. On the flip side, acting in the interests of a faction will provide an Influence boost to your empire. If a faction grows strong enough, you can embrace their goals and change your governing ethics incrementally. For example, you start out as a xenophobic empire but conquer a large, xenophile empire. This empire's pops might want to change your outlook on galactic life forms, and thus you might decide to embrace their xenophile faction to keep your house in order, and thus lose the xenophobe trait over time. But that is mostly if they are citizens and have a voice in your empire. If you are so inclined you can prevent that by modifying their Species Rights.
At the core of the new Species Rights system is Citizenship. Full Citizens are able to vote in elections, become leaders and you cannot enact population controls on them to prevent them from procreating. Citizens that are organized in Castes will be free when they produce energy credits or scientific output but will be enslaved when they work on farms or in mines. Limited Citizenship means that you tolerate a race in your empire, but have not integrated them. They might not be enslaved, but they don't have a say in your politics either. Slavery, on a species-wide level, is pretty clear and known from the game so far. Undesirables are species that, for whatever reason, you do not want in your empire. You can either drive them off or purge them.
In addition, this system will allow you to set the living standard of each species, determine the military service obligations and put migration and population controls on them. Species rights – mainly citizenship and living standards – will affect the happiness of the pops living in your empire and the migration attraction of your empire to this particular species.
Tightly interlinked with species rights and the idea of living standards are Consumer Goods. Essentially, you will need to (automatically) pay a percentage of your minerals to maintain a happy population to produce consumer goods. Pops with high living standards cost more, so you (finally) have an economic incentive to choose slavery as a viable option.
It's Good to be Bad
But what if you are, in fact, a fanatical purifier or just an all-around evil space emperor? Now, if you bought Utopia, you will have a lot of freedom to create a gloomy dystopia for the species under your sovereignty. You will be able to choose whether your slaves still ought to be Chattel slaves, producing minerals and food with efficiency – or whether you would like to keep them as domestic slaves (no boost to production but a happiness increase to free pops), battle thralls (stronger armies) or – lo and behold – livestock. They will produce a certain amount of food per tile, but will not be able to produce anything else. Empires specializing in genetic manipulation have a few more options.
To get even darker, let's take a look at the different extermination features. Next to the classical purge that is already in the game, expansion owners will be able to displace a population, destroying their home and send them running from the empire in order to prevent the outrage a purge would create. Evil space dictators are also able to work undesirable pops to death, creating large amounts of minerals and food. The slowest method of purging is neutering, which prevents pops from procreating, essentially leading to their natural demise. Or you could send them to ‘processing' for further food.
While it might seem that there is a potential for emperors to create a grim, dark future full of war, Paradox also adds a refugee system that does not require the expansion, where targeted populations might flee your empire in swaths to an empire more welcoming of them. Or, on the flipside, you may profit from a xenophobic exterminator on your borders if you provide shelter to such space refugees. You will get the option to choose which pops are allowed to settle on your core (non-sector) worlds, and which species rights they will enjoy.
The Takeaway
So, what to make of it? It is clear that Stellaris suffered from a replayability issue since it did not give enough unique gameplay options to try beating the game over and over. Utopia and Banks set out to change that. As usual, I consider the main features to be in patch 1.5, allowing players to achieve a variety of playstyles that they have not before. I am particularly excited about the ability to build space-habitats and megastructures since I would love to ‘build tall' and manage a rather peaceful empire in Stellaris. Yet, this is a feature locked to the expansion, together with the Ascension traits.
Personally, I think the new dystopian features of working undesirable species to death in a labour camp, biologically neutering them or processing them as food go a bit too far in the level of detail, though I understand that Paradox wants to bring in more options to design your empire. In a way, it has the potential to be a social experiment like artfully killing off your Sims in the Maxis series of games.
Overall, I think the features give a lot more incentive to play our empire as a space-state surrounded by other states and let the game evolve more like a game of Crusader Kings 2, where you react to different events on the way to eventual domination or demise. Until now, the road to victory was very single-faceted, locking you into rapidly expanding outward until hitting an endgame crisis or a victory condition. Now, you are more able to roleplay your empire depending on the population interests of conquered or evolved pops. The update also is likely to spice things up to a ‘fun' level for those who like to play a peaceful diplomacy-styled Federation game. Especially combined with the xenophile ethic and democratic authority, you stand to experience some interesting shifts in your empire from the influx of species. Personally, this is what I will be playing in the expansion. That, and build a Dyson sphere. They just look cool.
Let us know what you think about the host of features in the biggest patch to date – and what you are going to be playing – in the comments below.
This October, Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World Resort will celebrate its 45th anniversary. Today, I have a first look at artwork created for commemorative merchandise being released this fall. I caught up with Cody Reynolds, Creative Manager with Disney Design Group, to learn more about the inspiration behind this program.
“We wanted the artwork to celebrate Magic Kingdom's entire history since 1971 yet have an overall vintage feeling,” explained Cody. “Artist Jeff Granito provided much of the artwork for this program. The attraction logos became a big focus for us as they each have such unique and iconic designs. We included opening year attractions like ‘it's a small world,' and other more recent additions such as Seven Dwarfs Mine Train.”
Cody mentioned the main merchandise logo shown above features each of the themed lands found in Magic Kingdom Park. There are two different color versions of this logo that can be applied to various products. This is particularly helpful when creating complementary apparel items or other goods like drinkware.
For the pastel color artwork, the team added Tinker Bell to several designs. You'll also spot a vintage-looking Mickey Mouse which adds to the retro vibe.
Artwork was pulled together in a style guide used by all categories at Disney Theme Park Merchandise. The style guide includes logos, character artwork, color callouts, patterns and more that can be applied to various products.
One of my favorite details is seen in the background of the above image – the classic Disney “World” logo from the 1970s.
Stay tuned in the coming weeks for a Disney Parks Blog Unboxed video about this new collection. I'll be sharing a first look at how this artwork was used on actual products.
This is a series of guest posts from New Jersey Guy who is an active member on the LendAcademy Forum. He is located in New Jersey as his name suggests so he is not currently able to invest in notes directly through Lending Club. However, he has decided to share his secrets on investing in FolioFN – the secondary market for Lending Club. There will be 4 posts in this series that will outline 3 of his strategies that can help you break the mold for better returns with Lending Club.
Let's get started:
One of my more outspoken colleagues on the Lendacademy forum just recently summarized the majority of Peer-2-Peer investors with a very straightforward, hard-hitting statement:
“I have never understood why people insist on participating in the 4x daily rat race. Besides psychological issues, the only answer I can come up with is that people's usual filters and tools do not work the same for Folio and they are unwilling to do anything different from what they've always done. They'd rather set their alarm clocks each day for eternity than spend some time learning something new.”
Yes, we were led to believe that we could make 10% to 15% easily, by simply jumping on our computer certain times during the day and gulping up as many fresh issues as we can. The hard truth is, many investors found out they weren't making these returns. Late notes and Charge-offs haunt their portfolio, dropping their returns considerably (or to a more realistic number). “I gotta reduce my risk! I gotta reduce my risk! Risk…risk…risk!” Have you ever noticed that most of the articles you read about P2P lending has to do with risk? Either the article tells you how risky it is, or they go on forever on how you can reduce your risk by some miniscule amount. So what do people do? They spend days, weeks and months sweating over statistics in order to find that magical filter that will reduce their risk.
Don't get me wrong. Filters are very important. I use them. You do get better returns with good filters. But the inevitable truth is that even with the best filters, there is always going to be risk. So all of this work is going to what? Trying to squeeze a tiny bit more out of their portfolio? How much more blood can you get from the same rocks?
I just read an article on building your retirement fund. There was a really interesting point. The author said don't spend all your time looking for a fund that will pay you 1% better than the other ones. Spend your time EARNING MORE DAMN MONEY! It makes sense! If you all got a $20,000 annual raise at work, how much more could you deposit to your retirement funds?
Okay, it is slightly absurd. We would all like to find a job that pays $20K more a year, but I don't think any of us will quit our current jobs tomorrow. Let's face it. You can't fund your P2P account with food stamps or government cheese while waiting for a better job. However, the point I am trying to make is that you can increase your P2P yield if you break out of the standard mold and take the time to try something new.
Everybody knows I am no financial wizard. I have no finance background. Calculators confuse me. I use a flip phone because the smart phones are smarter than I am. The clock on my VCR still isn't correct. Heck, last year I had to Google the terms ROI and IRR just to find out what people were talking about.
Yet, my Return-over-Investment (ROI) for 2013 was over 70%. My IRR on 12/31 was 144%. And I did it without purchasing a single note off the Lending Club Platform. I can't! I live in New Jersey! I'm one of the 24 states that are not allowed to directly invest in notes from Lending Club. I have to turn to Folio in order to participate. Now I will admit, most of my returns were the result of dealing with highly speculative notes. Losses make up part of my daily returns. The difference between most investors and myself is that I don't let losses bother me. Instead, I continually put my effort into searching for notes that are profitable while accepting the risk. Unfortunately, most investors don't have the fortitude for that type of investing, or, are unwilling to put in the time. So I am not going to get into that deep really aspect of Folio. I will, though, go over a few strategies that anybody can use that will either help reduce risk or offer opportunity for higher yields.
The first thing you need to do right this instant is to set a goal for yourself. You must have a goal! A goal will force you to learn and try different things. Now, I don't mean an annual goal like “Gee, Mr. New Jersey Guy, I hope I can make an extra 1% for the year”. I mean a MONTHLY goal that is difficult to pursue. Let me give you an example. Let's assume your account is going to make you $150 in interest this month. Next month put in your head that you are going to increase your account by another $100, or, $250 total. That $250 has to be a combination of interest and Short-Term Capital Gains. It doesn't make a difference how you get it, just get it by hook, crook or steal. My personal plan goes one step further. If I fail to hit my goal, then I make the difference up out of my pocket. You should consider doing the same. For example: If you set your goal at $400 and only finish the month at $310, the remaining $90 needs to be deposited to your account from your bank account. Does this work? In October, I had to raise my goal. The goals I set last winter were getting too easy to hit, and I found myself sending in small amounts or none at all. Now, if you already are making monthly contributions to your account, THAT DOES NOT COUNT, so don't cheat! This money has to be in addition to whatever you are sending. Believe me, the aspect of having to pull extra money out of your pocket will keep you motivated! And watching your account increase faster each month will keep you inspired.
Now let's face a hard fact. $100 in the scheme of life is not a whole lot of money. It costs me $100 per month just for school lunches for my kid. Obviously, you can set your own monetary goal depending on the size your account and income. It could be $100, it could be $500, and it's up to you. Besides quitting your job to find one paying $20K more, here are two other alternatives:
A.) Take on an additional part-time job for 12 hours a week using the phrase “Is that for here or to go?”
B.) Right now, deposit $7,350 into your Lending Club or Prosper account. Why? Because it will take that much in new loans to generate an extra $100 of interest next month.
Let's look at option B a bit closer. Despite the fact $100 is a small amount of money compared to life's expenses, it's no small matter in the P2P market. So, making an extra $100 is the same as having an extra $7350 in your account. Therefore, you can take the easy way out right now, make your $7,350 deposit, and be done with this whole thing until next year. Or, take a few of those 12 hours you'd need flipping McBurgers and find a way to generate the income without making a big deposit. But if you decide to take this route, it's not going to be done through Lending Club or Prosper. You are going to need to turn to Folio, and you're going to need to put in some time.
Posts in this series:
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Enjoy this post? If so, join our email list to get all of our great content sent right to your inbox. Plus, receive a FREE COPY of our Lending Club eBook
Name:
Email:
Related
The once-promising prospect of four-star cornerback Parrish Cobb signing with Texas following his release from his Letter of Intent with Baylor now seems unlikely, at best. After reportedly having cut TCU out of consideration, making Cobb's final recruitment a two-horse race between the Texas and Oklahoma, the latest report from 247Sports' EJ Holland doesn't suggest there's much optimism left for the Longhorns.
According to Holland, “Cobb did have a meeting set with Strong and the staff this morning that he did not show up to. The staff waited for Cobb, but he left Austin early.”
Cobb was reportedly in Austin for his cousin, Texas cornerback signee Eric Cuffee's birthday.
Following that news, it seems Oklahoma will land the La Vega product, and after reportedly failing to show up to a meeting with Texas coaches, it's quite possible Texas quits pursuing Cobb entirely.
A version of this post originally appeared on Tedium, a twice-weekly newsletter that hunts for the end of the long tail.
Obviously, knives, with their sharp blades for cutting through things, have been around forever—they're a key ingredient of any horror film, slasher flick, or murder mystery that's ever been created.
But here's a question that I don't think a lot of people have pondered, mainly because they aren't expected to, like I am: Why do steaks get their own dedicated knives, and why do we shove them into giant blocks of wood for storage? And what about butter knives? What's up with them?
It turns out that it's a story with a lot of edges—some sharp, some dull.
Cardinals and Kings
Before there was the steak knife, there was the table knife, or the butter knife. As blade designs go, it's pretty weak-sauce, and intentionally so.
The reason for this goes back nearly 400 years, and involves an annoyed French clergyman. Cardinal Armand Jean du Plessis, the Duke of Richelieu and Fronsac—or Cardinal Richelieu for short—became annoyed by table manners of those eating with pointed knives, which were used as a way of picking teeth.
He had his knife edges rounded, the legend goes, in an effort to discourage bad behavior by his guests.
This broke tradition around knife use. See, knife blades were long the primary way that people ate food—unlike napkins, which weren't always a given, they were always a key element of the meal. Often, medieval cultures would eat meals using a single knife—their own, which they brought with them to dinner—and their hands. The introduction of the fork into European culture changed the way we interacted with knives, just as it did with napkins.
Cardinal Richelieu was a powerful, influential man, and his knife-dulling approach gained enough currency that in 1669, 27 years after he died, King Louis XIV issued a decree making pointed knives illegal in France, whether inside the home or out in public. Suddenly, a lot of sharp knives got pretty dull.
Getty Images
That decision, notes Henry Petroski's The Evolution of Useful Things, had a long-term effect on the knife's evolution from the pocket to the table:
Such actions, coupled with the growing widespread use of forks, gave the table knife its now familiar blunt-tipped blade. Toward the end of the seventeenth century, the blade curved into a scimitar shape, but this contour was to be modified over the next century to become less weaponlike. The blunt end became more prominent, not merely to emphasize its bluntness but, since the paired fork was likely to be two-tined and so not an efficient scoop, to serve as a surface onto which food might be heaped for conveying to the mouth.
The pocket knife, of course, never disappeared, and honestly, nor did the need to have a sharp blade at the table.
But it would take until the middle of the 20th century for the proper tool to truly gain popularity.
The Modern Knife
Carvel Hall's famous steak knives—with the blades covered and the handles cracked. (They're old!) Vintage Sailor/Flickr
Obviously, sharp knives never really went away—people in the kitchen needed blades with an edge to them if they were going to prepare food.
But what might be surprising to an observer is that steak knives, at least in terms of how we consider them in the modern day, aren't old innovations with centuries of history. In fact, the modern steak knife didn't truly make itself known until after World War II.
A device of simple design and surprising sharpness, the turning point for the steak knife came in the form of a reconstituted letter opener. That letter opener, designed by a Maryland machinist named Paul C. Culver in 1946, was originally a gift for businessman Charles D. Briddell Jr.
Briddell's father, Charles Sr. was a man who chose blacksmithing over farming as a teenager, eventually turning his preferred career path into a namesake company. It was already a quickly growing company by the mid-1940s, with the company's Crisfield, Maryland factory building equipment during World War II.
The company was also involved in manufacturing cutlery at the time, which is perhaps why the gift from Culver proved particularly fruitful for the Briddell family, especially after Charles Jr.'s brother, Tom, saw the delicate craftsmanship of the knife and realized it made more sense on the dinner table than as a tool for opening letters.
According to a 1953 article from the The Salisbury Times, Tom Briddell asked Culver for both a set of six steak knives and a case to put them in, then did a nationwide survey of the potential market. The findings were clear: People wanted an elegant, sharp knife to cook their meat, and they wanted it at home, rather than a restaurant. The resulting knife, the Carvel Hall, soon went on sale nationally—and became the first common kind of steak knife you could buy.
One early ad put the benefits of the $16.50 steak knife set as such:
Now you can do what famous chop houses do when they serve meat: Put a lovely steak knife at each place. The new Carvel Hall, worthy companion to the finest table silver, is a knife of sheer utility. Slimly graceful though it is, its long, tapering bald of the finest steel cuts through the thickest steak with ease. Every home needs this smart steak knife set.
By the time of the 1953 article, Culver's handmade letter opener had become a $3 million business.
Carvel Hall crab knives. Dave Woodward/Flickr
Eventually, the company, once named for the elder Briddell, would gain the Carvel Hall name, and (because it was a Maryland company) it would become known regionally for an ornate crab knife design.
Also helping matters on the steak knife front was a guy named Thomas Lamb, an industrial designer whose research into handle design became a key element of modern knives. His wedge-lock handle eventually became so well-known that the Museum of Modern Art displayed his work.
"Every time I design a handle, I go through the same door. How the door was found, I do not know," he told the magazine Industrial Design.
Soon, he licensed the design to a company called Alcas, which released a line of knives called Cutco in 1952—the same Cutco that people sell door-to-door today.
Later on, the rise of in kitchen knives led to a need for storage, and that came in the form of the slotted knife rack, which was first discussed in newspapers around 1975.
"Knives that have the quality of steel but can maintain a sharp edge are prized by most good cooks. And when they can be handsomely and conveniently displayed, they take on even more importance," Los Angeles Times Home magazine columnist Joan Dektar wrote of the slotted knife rack.
Such racks, while fairly common kitchen mainstays these days (thanks to the fact that it's a naturally good place to store knives), don't appear to have caught on in its current form until the late 1970s, meaning that for decades, people were storing their knives in very awkward ways. While many of the examples highlighted by Dektar, produced by Chicago Cutlery, were for larger knives, the company did also produce a set for steak knives with a built-in sharpener. These days, the peak of knife-block technology is the bamboo organizer, which replaces set slots with hundreds of bamboo rods, allowing you to put your knives in any way you want.
The growth of kitchen knives and knife accessories over the past 50 years or so reflects a mainstream acceptance of mass-produced kitchen knives, including steak knives.
But even as the idea took over, the company that invented the steak knife struggled to keep up with shifting economic trends—particularly as the Briddell family aged out of the firm. The company, based on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, shuttered its doors in 1989 after its corporate parent filed for bankruptcy, but came back to life in 1990 after another company purchased the brand and reopened the factory. In an area with a low population and without a lot of manufacturing jobs, the reopening was a bit of a godsend.
"Carvel Hall will by itself represent a potential decrease of one percent in unemployment," Somerset County Director of Economic Development Tom Laidlaw told The Washington Post that year.
Ultimately, it was not to last. In 2000, the factory closed entirely, getting sold to an aerospace firm in 2004 but ultimately failing to keep its doors open.
The closed factory is giving the nearby community a lot of headaches as local leaders try to figure out what they can do with this massive building, with one suggestion gaining attention being the idea of using the factory to convert chicken manure into energy.
Admittedly, it's weird and depressing to think about the fact that a company so fundamental to the way we eat food has faded so severely with the passage of time.
Hopefully, this quick mention will give it a fresh cut in the history books.
Bread and Butter
Now, some might point out (pun intended) that steak knives and regular butter knives don't have all that many differences when you break them down, and you'd probably be right to some degree.
One is sharper than the other, but when it comes down to eating your food, they both cut to varying degrees and they both spread to varying degrees.
In fact, the food and technology company ChefSteps actually suggested, as part of its knife-sharpening lessons, that you can actually turn butter knives into steak knives with a set of Japanese waterstones or a grinder.
This sounds like a quick-and-dirty DIY project in the best way possible. In fact, the first half of the video just shows a guy walking through Goodwill, buying old sets of butter knives.
Considering the roots of the modern steak knife come from a knife put to use in an entirely different context, this is basically the perfect second life for cheap cutlery.
A version of this post originally appeared on Tedium, a twice-weekly newsletter that hunts for the end of the long tail.
New clues about diseases like inflammatory bowel disorder may be found thanks to a new genomic interactions catalogue by a group of researchers in Japan and the United Kingdom. This research was published on May 5, 2015 in Nature Genetics.
Biologists have compiled the most comprehensive catalogue of promoter interactions to date. Promoters are key sections of DNA that turn genes on or off; every gene has one and when they do not function correctly they may cause diseases. Scientists are interested in understanding what influences these promoters, including interactions with each other and other sections of DNA.
“Any genetic disease is related to gene regulation,” said Prof. Nick Luscombe, who heads the Genomics and Regulatory Systems Unit at the Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan. “The more we understand about gene regulation, the more we understand what can go wrong.”
The new catalogue documents more than 1 million interactions involving promoters. Scientists knew these interactions were happening, but they did not know what DNA sections each promoter interacts with on a genome-wide scale at high resolution.
“We had the phonebook and we knew people listed in it were making calls, but we didn't know who was calling who – now we do,” said co-lead paper author Filipe Tavares-Cadete, a post-doctoral researcher at OIST who analyzed the data with colleagues while at the Francis Crick Institute.
The genome is making a lot of long-distance calls. More than half of the interactions were between promoters and sections of DNA that are very far away in the linear sequence, at least 150,000 base pairs. This is because inside the cell, DNA is tightly bundled up in loops, which brings bits of DNA close together that appear extremely far apart when all the letters are printed out in a line.
The new catalogue captured more than 22,000 interactions between promoters and other parts of DNA that are millions of base pairs apart – as compared to just 90 such interactions observed by previous methods.
To build the catalogue, a large team of collaborators, including Cameron Osborne at King's College London and Peter Fraser at the Babraham Institute in England, developed a new technique called Capture Hi-C. It builds off existing methods, but the researchers modified it to capture targeted sections of DNA, maximizing sequencing power. By targeting promoters, they captured hundreds of thousands of promoter interactions – up to 67 times more than other techniques.
“This method will really help us delve into how networks of interactions cooperate to regulate genes,” said Dr. Cameron Osborne, a geneticist at King's College London. “It's really just the beginning since every type of cell will have its own unique set of interactions.”
Long-range promoter interactions are particularly interesting for disease studies. Often DNA mutations, known as single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), are located in what appears in the linear sequence as the middle of nowhere – outside, and often quite far from, genes. This makes it difficult for scientists to determine which genes the mutations affect, and thus which genes are associated with a particular disease.
By looking at which promoters interact with known SNPs, the researchers successfully identified genes known to be involved in inflammatory bowel disorders, including Crohn's disease. Other researchers can now mine the freely-available catalogue for potential disease-related interactions and genes.
“Seeing which promoter a SNP interacts with is much closer to real biology, than assuming a SNP influences the gene the closest on the linear genome,” said Tavares-Cadete.
While analyzing the catalogue, the team also discovered new elements for turning genes off. Scientists knew there were long-distance “on” switches, which are known as enhancers. Now, they have found long-distance “off” switches – silencers.
They found the long-range silencers while looking at promoters interacting with repressive histones – the proteins that DNA wraps around, much like beads on a string.
“We suspect more of these long-range silencers are contacting promoters and turning off gene expression,” Tavares-Cadete said. “This underscores the major impact promoter interactions can have on the proper functioning of the genome.”
Download the press release (PDF).
2016 became "year one" of virtual reality in China, due to the fact that the sector finally truly started to grow. My company Niko Partners estimates China's VR hardware 2016 market size will hit $300 million by the end of this month with mobile VR being the unequivocal leader in terms of hardware unit sales. Virtual reality overall has been embraced in China more than the West and Chinese consumers have shown a willingness to go out and purchase VR devices or experiences, whereas consumer interest in the West has been somewhat muted.
Consumer demand is driven by what is available to purchase however, and in China one can engage in “experience spots” such as VR pods or VR cafés, whereas consumers in the United States do not have that as an option quite yet. A survey done by Niko Partners earlier this year showed that more than half of Chinese gamers are interested in VR and almost 30% are willing to spend up to $200 USD on a device, which is significant considering the average income in China hovers around $12,000 per year.
In early 2016 Niko Partners counted 200 VR and augmented reality (AR) startups, and nearly 200 established companies expanding into VR/AR, in China alone, with more companies emerging monthly. Hardware investments accounted for 78% of the total investments made in all VR related products in 2015 and 2016. That investment has led to a surge in VR hardware sales this year whilst software sales growth hasn't been as high. Development and sales of VR software has been slow, but should take off in the coming two years.
Mobile VR hardware has proved to be considerably more popular than high-end PC/Console VR hardware due to a number of factors. Mobile platform companies, such as Xiaomi & Huawei, and startups like Pico VR, Baofeng Mojing and Deepoon, have made mobile VR hardware readily available across both offline and online retail stores. The price of mobile headsets is affordable. T-Mall reported that the overwhelming majority of the 300,000 mobile VR headsets sold during the 11.11 shopping holiday cost less than 30 yuan, similar pricing to that of Google Cardboard in the West. These mobile VR headsets are easy to use and work with many existing smartphones, which is appealing when compared to expensive high-end VR hardware.
High-end PC VR is being marketed to businesses, as it is too expensive for consumers. For example, the HTC Vive costs $1,000 USD in China and requires a high-end PC that can also cost an additional $1,000 USD. The Chinese business solution has been to open VR Internet café's and VR experience zones.
There are now more than 3,000 VR Internet cafés and experience zones in China that provide a high-end dedicated VR experience for as little as $8 USD for 30 minutes of gameplay. HTC has recently opened a new experience arcade store in Shenzhen and plans to open many more in the future (some accounts say 50 are planned, others say 1,000). Shunwang, the leading provider of Internet café management software, has released a VR-ready version of the software for VR Internet café owners. VR gaming content represents another opportunity for VR Internet café operators to diversify and grow their revenue streams.
Smaller VR experience spots, which typically are in the form of a motorized pod that a person sits inside, provide the user with a one-off experience that utilizes VR to transport the user to another world. An example of one such is experience is a user seeing himself on a rollercoaster. Experience zones have proved extremely popular with the public and this has led to a number of companies investing in the next step up. Shanda, a major Chinese digital entertainment company, have invested $350 million into VR, and part of that will be to bring U.S.-based ‘The Void' VR theme park to China. The Void is similar to laser tag but with a full sense of immersion thanks to the VR headset and ability to move around in the real world.
My observation is that China already is actively investing in the promising mobile and high-end segments of VR for gaming, and beyond. Alibaba, Xiaomi, HTC, Chukong, Shanda, and Tencent are some of the leading Chinese tech companies to be embracing it in earnest. Next year is poised to be exciting for VR/AR in the Chinese (and global) digital games industry and I anticipate strong growth to continue during the next few years.
I made this unique key wall art from an old portrait. I added my favorite paint colors and Mod Podged the background with fabric – I love it!
My friend LollyChops is going to love this DIY wall art project – it uses shades of her most favorite color, TEAL! I found this sad little piece of key art, broken and golden, at Hobby Lobby.
I'm sure it wasn't supposed to be broken, and what likely happened is someone said “Do these keys come off?” and then tried it. Not that I've done that myself.
I'm not really a gold person, so I decided to brighten up this key art with some paint and Mod Podge. Here's how I made my key portrait.
Colorful Keys Wall Art
Gather These Supplies
Start with a fun piece of wall art. It can be broken. Or not.
Take the goods off. I had to pry slowly so as not to break my keys. Patience is a virtue, my friends. Remove the back of the portrait from the frame.
Sand down the background (if you need to) and then paint it Titanium White. My background was dark, so it was necessary to paint a lighter color so that the background doesn't show through. It will definitely show through if the background is dark and the fabric isn't thick. Allow to dry.
Make sure your fabric is washed, dried and ironed. Prepare the fabric with Mod Podge Fabric – this means putting the fabric down on a non-stick surface and applying a medium layer of Mod Podge.
Allow to dry. You can now cut the fabric without it fraying, and it's easier to apply to a finished surface because it won't wrinkle.
Here I'm applying Mod Podge to the back piece. Apply a medium layer and then lay your fabric down – smooth, smooth and smooth!
Push all of the air bubbles out and wipe away any excess Mod Podge that comes out the sides. Allow to dry. Once the fabric has dried to the back piece, give the top another coat of Mod Podge. Allow to dry.
Paint your frame with Jamaican Sea. I used the tiny brush and gave it several coats. It went on surprisingly well, and I really enjoyed the painting. Very cathartic.
TIP ALERT: So what am I doing in the photo above? It's a technique I'd like to share with you. I've laid the frame over the background, put the keys back in and then put some color chips down to figure out what colors I wanted to paint my keys and in what order.
MAKE COLOR CHIPS for your paint colors now if you don't have them – even if you simply paint strokes in a notebook.
It will help you immensely when you put color palettes together or are trying to match something, because colors in the bottle DO NOT look the same when dry. I'm done preaching now.
Paint your keys with your paint colors. It's going to take several coats, but it's fun.
Don't forget to use your small brush to paint inside the little grooves and holes.
Glue the keys down with your craft glue. Allow your DIY wall art to dry and then give the key portrait several coats of Mod Podge Gloss sealer. It shines and then it's chip proof.
I'm so excited about my easy key wall art that I can barely stand it. Do you like it on my wall?
If you like this DIY wall art, check out more in our archives here!
At one level, the Aussie authorities screwed up the way the Canadian and US authorities screwed up: These jihadists are less "lone wolves" than, as Patrick Poole says, "known wolves". The Ottawa shooter, the St Jean killer, the Marathon bombers, the Fort Hood major, the pantybomber, all were known to the authorities. So was "Sheikh Haron": Aside from various earlier charges and convictions, he had been charged as an accessory to the murder of his wife, who died in a particularly brutal way, stabbed and set alight in the stairwell of her apartment building. And yet he was out on bail. And so Katrina Dawson and Tori Johnson died. The price of incubating, nurturing and growing Islam in the west is too high. Ms Dawson and Mr Johnson did not deserve to die for going to a coffee shop. And, beyond the folly of Sheikh Haron's bail eligibility, the two Sydney victims were sacrificed on the altar of multiculturalist delusion. [I Wish That Bird Would Fly Away, MarkSteyn, December 15, 2014]
Mark Steyn writes,"Sheikh Haron" was particularly infuriated that the media was refusing to report his claim that he was acting in the name of the Islamic State. Just like politicians who have never read the Koran confidently assure us that "Islam means peace," reporters can ignore the stated motivations of a terrorist if it contradicts the Narrative of evil whites oppressing helpless minorities.
And of course, the real victim in this case are Australian Muslims, because even though there has been no "backlash" (there never is), there might have been one.
Therefore,
Usually the Muslims-fear-backlash crowd at least waits till the terrorist atrocity is over. In this case the desiccated multiculti saps launched the #I'llRideWithYou campaign even as the siege was still ongoing - while Katrina Dawson and Tori Johnson were still alive. Muslims are not the victims here. Ms Dawson and Mr Johnson are the victims. And yet the urge to usher Muslims into the victim chair and massage their tender sensibilities is now so reflexive the narcissists on Twitter don't even have the good taste to wait till the siege is over and the corpse count is known. Far from a restoration of faith in humanity, it's a glimpse of how advanced the sickness is. For good measure, Bill Shorten, Leader of the Opposition, threw in the usual smug moral preening: Australians tonight doing what we do best - uniting to overcome intolerance and hate#illridewithyou Laura Rosen Cohen again: It's ALWAYS ABOUT THEM. Muslim terrorist holds people hostage in cafe,entire world worries about imaginary "backlash" against Muslims. I'm sorry, I'm a little more concerned about the hostages. Screw the imaginary backlash and all its pedlars.
Just so.
Spread the love
New York, NY — For the first time in history, families of victims of the 9/11 terror attacks are using a new law and are going after Saudi Arabia in a lawsuit for their role in the attacks. In this landmark lawsuit, the families of 800 victims are suing Saudi Arabia for aiding the hijackers.
For more than a decade and a half, Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush kept secret the alleged role Saudi Arabia played in the September 11 attacks on America. Becuase of the cozy relationship the US has with the terrorist nation, special interests within the government have chosen to protect their Saudi friends instead of telling Americans the truth about what happened that fateful day.
Only because of the vigilance of those seeking the truth is this lawsuit now a reality.
This lawsuit is possible because last year, the U.S. House of Representatives, following the lead of the Senate, passed a bill, the “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act” (JASTA), allowing Americans to sue Saudi Arabia over 9/11. When the bill made it to the President's desk, however, Obama quickly showed his loyalty to Saudi Arabia and vetoed it. However, that was only the beginning of the rollercoaster.
Days after his despicable veto, the Senate stepped up and overwhelmingly voted to override it.
Aside from US curtseying to the Saudi regime, another reason for the veto was obvious as this bill opens up a venue and allow lawsuits against the U.S. for alleged sponsorship of terrorist activities in their own countries – a Pandora's Box that then-President Obama, and the CIA most certainly did not want to open with the world watching. However, it appears for now, that Pandora's Box is open.
According to the exclusive report by PIX 11:
The document details how officials from Saudi embassies supported hijackers Salem al-Hazmi and Khalid Al-Mihdhar 18 months before 9/11. The officials allegedly helped them find apartments, learn English and obtain credit cards and cash. The documents state that the officials helped them learn how to blend into the American landscape. The suit also produces evidence that officials in the Saudi embassy in Germany supported lead hijacker Mohamed Atta. It claims that a Saudi official was in the same hotel in Virginia with several hijackers the night before the attacks…. The lawsuit asserts that the Saudi royals, who for years had been trying to curry favor with fundamentalists to avoid losing power, were aware that funds from Saudi charities were being funneled to al-Qaida.
Aviation attorney Jim Kreindler told PIX11 News: “The charities were alter egos of the Saudi government.”
“The Saudis were so duplicitous,” Kreindler said. “They claim to be allies fighting with U.S. against Iran, while at the same time working with the terrorists. There's no question they had a hand in the 9/11 attacks.”
As most Americans know, 15 of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 were from Saudi Arabia and three of them were actual government employs of the kingdom. In spite of this fact, the United States invaded Iraq — not Saudi Arabia.
To illustrate just how well connected the Saudi regime is in the US, they are also absent from President Donald Trump's travel ban — in spite of being responsible for the overwhelming majority of terrorist activity carried out in the US.
Although the US government knew about the role of Saudi Arabia on 9/11, they kept this information secret until last year when the once classified 28-pages were released. Sen. Bob Graham, a co-chairman of the investigation committee was a strong advocate of declassifying the information and his campaign was successful on July 15, 2016.
“There is information, primarily from FBI sources, that at least two of those individuals were alleged by some to be Saudi intelligence officers,” reads the first of 28 pages. “The Joint Inquiry's review confirmed that the Intelligence Community also has information, much of which has yet to be independently verified, indicating that individuals associated with the Saudi Government in the United States may have other ties to al-Qa'ida and other terrorist groups.”
While JASTA will allow these families of victims of 9/11 to overcome the current restrictions barring them from suing foreign governments, a new section of the bill, added at the last minute, essentially allows the heads of the Justice and State departments to stay any lawsuits indefinitely. The inserted provisions allow for organizational heads to simply “inform the judge hearing the case that the US government has engaged with Riyadh in diplomatic talks to resolve the issue.” Additionally, the attorney general can petition the court for an extension of the stay for “additional 180-day periods,” effectively delaying lawsuits against the Saudis indefinitely.
Whether or not the Trump regime will use this provision to protect the terrorist state of Saudi Arabia is unknown for the time being. However, his posture toward the kingdom, thus far, indicates that blocking the lawsuits is not off the table.
“This lawsuit is a demonstration of the unwavering commitment of the 9/11 families to hold Saudi Arabia accountable for its critical role in the 9/11 attacks,” Kreindler said. The Free Thought Project would like to express our support for these families and if and when this lawsuit is blocked, we will do our best to expose those behind it.
Please share this article with your friends and family to let them know that in spite of the federal government's best intentions at protecting this terrorist regime, the power of the people is winning.
Imagine you're a detective working on a murder case. You have a body, but you believe it was moved from another location. Now what? There's one unexpected tool you might use to follow up on this suspicion: forensic palynology. That's the application of palynology – the study of pollen – to crime investigation.
But how does pollen have any bearing on forensics? While usually unseen, pollen is essentially ubiquitous in terrestrial habitats, and it is extremely tough. In fact, pollen is so durable that paleontologists can examine fossilized pollen grains in ancient sediments to see what plants grew during prehistoric times. And the “signature” of which pollen grains are present is specific to a particular place (because different plant species occur in different areas) and time (because different plant species flower at different times).
All of that makes pollen an ideal biomarker for linking people and objects to particular places and times, a central need in forensic investigations. Despite this potential utility, forensic palynology has been underutilized, because of its reliance on specialized experts to meticulously identify pollen visually under the microscope.
But researchers have recently developed a new technique for identifying pollen, using genetics. Since it makes identification much easier and faster for large numbers of pollen samples, we believe this development has the potential to transform forensic palynology, allowing us to harness the power of pollen to solve crimes.
Forensic palynology has been particularly useful in cases where there is suspected movement of evidence, or where a crime has occurred in a location with distinct plant species. For example, following the Bosnian war, investigators uncovered mass graves where bodies had been moved from different locations. Pollen was one of the lines of evidence used to trace bodies to their original burial sites. In a case in New Zealand, a burglar was tracked to the scene of the crime when pollen grains on his clothing were matched to an uncommon plant species growing in front of the victim's house.
There are many other types of cases where forensic palynology could be applied. Objects under examination in missing person cases could be traced to their origin. Analysts could tie individual criminals' travel histories together based on finding a similar pollen species composition on seized evidence, possibly linking their crimes and providing direction for further investigation. Officials could determine illegal imports' country of origin.
Traditionally, forensic palynology is done by examining pollen grains under a microscope and comparing them to known pollen morphology. This is a highly specialized skill, and there are few experts able to identify plant species based on the size, shape and color of the pollen grains. After all, researchers estimate almost 400,000 species of plants live on our planet today. There is currently only one person employed full-time as a forensic palynologist in the U.S.
Forensic palynology is further limited by the labor intensiveness of morphological identification. Frequently it's impossible to determine the exact species present; identification is typically to a genus or family of plants – a group of species, in other words. This limits the technique's utility, because while many plant species occur in a small geographic range, the genus or family in which they belong may cover a much broader area.
In a recently published article in Forensic Science International Genetics, we revealed how identifying pollen through DNA barcoding, on its own or with traditional palynology, could be a practical alternative.
DNA barcoding is a way to identify species via their species-specific genetic signatures. To do this for pollen, scientists sequence the DNA from a genetic region known to occur in all plants, but which varies from species to species.
There are two parts to the standardized sequence we use for plant DNA barcoding. One is a section of the large subunit of a gene called ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase (rbcL for short). The other is a gene called maturase-K (matK). These genes are both essential for a plant to survive, and are thus present in all plants. Once an investigator sequences these gene regions from a sample, they can be compared to a database containing all the known DNA sequences of rbcL and matK to identify the species.
To DNA-barcode pollen, the first step is to extract the DNA. Pollen grains produce the male reproductive cells (sperm) of the plant. Each pollen grain has a tough outer layer called the exine, made of a protein called sporopollenin. We need to break the exine in order to release the DNA that's protected inside. We do this by putting the pollen grains in a tube filled with small silica beads and shaking vigorously for several minutes. Once the cells release their DNA, it can be purified and then sequenced.
High-throughput DNA sequencing is a methodological advance that has made pollen DNA barcoding feasible. This new method allows researchers to sequence multiple pieces of DNA at the same time, without separating them first. It's a key innovation because forensic pollen samples typically contain a mixture of species. Without high-throughput sequencing, these species would first need to be painstakingly separated – and then we'd be back to the same efficiency problems of traditional morphological analysis. With high-throughput sequencing, the whole mixture of pollen grains can be ground up in one sample, the DNA isolated and sequenced, and matched to a database. This technique is known as DNA metabarcoding.
Although pollen DNA barcoding has not yet been applied to forensic palynology, similar techniques have been used to quality-test honey, determining the plant species on which bees have been foraging. Pollen DNA barcoding has also contributed to air quality monitoring, when it's useful to know what allergens are present in the environment.
Optimizing these methods for forensics may require some small modifications, such as dealing with very few pollen grains in a sample. Ideally a standardized method should be developed for forensics, to enable comparisons between different cases, studied by different scientists. It will also be necessary to expand the reference databases, to include more species that might be of interest to forensics specialists.
But while there are still a few hurdles to overcome, eventually pollen DNA barcoding could become a common and scientifically rigorous technique in law enforcement and national security.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
• Karen L. Bell is a Postdoctoral Fellow in Environmental Sciences, Emory University. Berry Brosi is an Associate Professor of Environmental Sciences, Emory University. Kevin Burgess is an Associate Professor of Biology, Columbus State University.
• This article was originally published on The Conversation.
Twin spirits: Old Saybrook author's teen identity book comes from heart
Elizabeth (Betsy) O'Brien-Dietz of Old Saybrook is the author of a new book. Elizabeth (Betsy) O'Brien-Dietz of Old Saybrook is the author of a new book. Photo: Submitted Photo Photo: Submitted Photo Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Twin spirits: Old Saybrook author's teen identity book comes from heart 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
OLD SAYBROOK >> If you like predictable books written by formula, designed for mass market consumption and disposal, this is not the book for you.
But, if you like pure stories, imperfectly told from the heart in the hope of touching just one soul, then this might be worth a read.
Elizabeth (Betsy) O'Brien-Dietz of Old Saybrook writes under the name Ocean O'Brien, and knows firsthand the struggle for identity teens face, especially twins — because she is one.
The unimaginative twin questions such as, “So, which one of you is older, which less shy, more outgoing, taller, shorter etc.?” She terms these interactions as reducing twins to “greater-than” and “less-than signs” and not looking at each as his or her own individual.
“The Pixie and the Siren,” O'Brien's recently published first novel, features teenage twins who travel to Australia as exchange students and to leave the shackles of bullying behind them. Shortly after arriving, they are magically transformed into Mother Nature's makeup artists embodied as a siren (mermaid) and a pixie (fairy).
Part pixie, part siren herself, with flowing tresses, O'Brien chose the name “Ocean” because of her affinity with the sea. She also chose a fitting place to sign her book: the legendary clam shack, Johnny Ad's on Boston Post Road last week.
A Semester at Sea voyage took O'Brien around the world. “That experience changed my life,” she said. It was the first time she had been away from her twin sister for that long. “People will ask me, ‘Are you the Pixie or the Siren?' and my answer is ‘I'm both.' I'm all of my characters rolled up into one. When you write, you weave your own experiences into your work. Anything that really touches you ends up in the story.”
She added, “I can look back through the story and I can remember exactly where something came from, what I was thinking when I wrote it.”
The story opens with Father Time and Mother Nature, written as a pretty typical married couple. “Father Time is of Japanese descent. He's from one of the ‘blue zones,' where people live the longest, they have a core wellness and vitality,” O'Brien explained.
“The book has so many positive messages: It's about twins being their own individuals, and not being afraid to show their differences, and basically it's about being creative, having an imagination and finding your own light.”
Her many characters illustrate that point.
“Each magical creature that comes to life has something missing. The snow leopard is endangered and doesn't know how to be free,” O'Brien said. Through following his passion for the guitar, he learns how to set himself free.
O'Brien seeks to “teach and inspire people to be better people, to find the light within, to let go of having to be perfect, and to show them that the power is in their own hands.”
Nature is in the forefront of the story through endangered characters, the beauty of the earth, the sea and the changing skies. As Mother Nature's makeup artists, the twins color the sky each morning and evening.
“I've always loved watching sunrises and sunsets. One of the twins comes from the sun, and one from the moon.”
Her target reader? “Anyone with a heart and a soul. Everyone can get something from it,” O'Brien said.
“If you have a dream, you have to go after it — you just have to chase it.” She talks of having a “fire inside” to provide the drive to not give up. “This book was two years in the making. I knew I had to get it done.”
The physical book itself is also a message. O'Brien self-published the novel through Amazon. “I wanted 100-percent creative freedom. If I tried to find an agent, I might have had to change my story. Maybe my cover's not perfect, but I can point to it and say, ‘I did that myself.' Don't let the fear of not being perfect stand in your way. I would rather have someone be inspired than to feel it wasn't approachable.” If the book was clean and perfectly edited, she said, “it wouldn't be real.”
She relied on her husband, twin sister, three brothers, her parents, a host of friends and her trusty cancer-surviving Labrador for support and feedback as she wrote.
Amazon offers a few days of free downloads for e-books. “It reached the top 10,” she said. “You never know how far you will reach. I would wake up and have downloads from all different countries.” But she adds, “it's not about the numbers, I just want to make a difference, even if it just makes a difference for one person.”
O'Brien was even featured on WFSB's Better Connecticut television talk show and spoke about being a twin.
“The Pixie and the Siren” is available at the signing, on amazon.com in e-book and paperback and locally at the Old Saybrook Laundromat and Branford Book and Card Shoppe. You can check out the book's Facebook page, which includes a photograph of O'Brien and her twin sister.
Little Rock police say 20-year-old Antonio Hampton was determined to be the suspect and was arrested for second-degree domestic battery after being treated at the hospital. (Photo courtesy: Pulaski County Jail)
Little Rock police say a man injured in a Monday afternoon shooting on W. 19th Street is facing charges after a pregnant woman was also injured in the incident.
Officers tell Channel 7 the shooting occurred at a home in the 4200 block of W. 19th at 2:56 p.m.
According to a police report, 20-year-old Antonio Hampton was shot in the wrist and hand and 21-year-old Aaliyah Castillo, who is seven weeks pregnant, was shot in the head.
Hampton was determined to be the suspect and was arrested for second-degree domestic battery after being treated at the hospital. Police say he also faces charges of theft by receiving and a warrant out of Little Rock.
At the scene, authorities say Hampton continuously stated that "the gun just went off" and "that it was an accident."
Castillo was transported to UAMS, but authorities say she was listed in stable condition.
Former jungler of Team Liquid Kim “Reignover” Yeu-jin is said to have signed a contract with Counter Logic Gaming.
Reignover played in Incredible Miracle from 2013-14, moved to Fnatic of EU and played with Huni of SKT T1 in 2015. In 2016, he played in the Immortals of NA and was known for his performance as one of the best junglers and in the next year, he played for Team Liquid.
Recently, Team Liquid signed former Immortals members and Impact, Doublelift etc. which made people think that Reignover will leave the team. Sources say that Reignover was looking for other teams. Now, he has signed a contract with CLG and is ready for the next season with them.
CLG currently renewed their contracts with Darshan, Huhi and stixxaay. With a more steady performing team, people are expecting Reignover to return to his old form; a top-class jungler like himself back when he was playing for the Immortals.
Declassified British government documents reveal the existence of a secret interrogation centre in Ballykelly, Co Derry in the early 1970s.
Twelve internees were subjected to violent ill-treatment, which led the then government to take a case to the European Commission of Human Rights on behalf of the men.
It is claimed London misled two official inquiries and the European Court of Human Rights about the existence of the centre and its operations.
On 9 August 1971, nearly 350 people were arrested and interned in Northern Ireland.
Twelve men were subjected to deep interrogation known as the five techniques, which the European Commission of Human Rights described as torture.
The Pat Finucane Centre has uncovered the declassified documents showing that the location of the interrogation centre at Ballykelly was a closely kept secret.
In the case brought to the European Court of Human Rights by the government against London in the 1970s, there was no mention of an interrogation centre at Ballykelly.
The Pat Finucane Centre claims London misled two official inquiries and the European Court of Human Rights.
Speaking on RTÉ's Morning Ireland, Sara Duddy of the Pat Finucane Centre said the documents had uncovered the use of techniques such as hooding, sleep deprivation, diet restrictions, white noise and other methods on detainees at the Derry centre.
She said the Centre had cross-referenced this new information with the contents of previous inquiries, such as the 1971 Compton Report and the Parker Report one year later.
The Compton Report looked into alleged use of brutality by security forces in Northern Ireland, while the Parker Report investigated interrogation methods against terror suspects.
Based on that study, she questioned whether either of these inquiries had been informed of the existence of the centre at Ballykelly.
Ms Duddy also said that an ECHR probe into similar treatment of detainees also seemed to be unaware of the use of these methods at the Ballykelly centre.
The Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin is examining the matter.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. President Barack Obama says he will be much tougher with China to make sure it opens its markets to trade with the US. Mr Obama told Democratic Party senators that he would put "constant pressure" on China and other countries to stick to their side of trade agreements. But he said he did not intend to take a protectionist stance towards China, warning that "to close ourselves off from that market would be a mistake". Tension between the US and China has increased over arms sales to Taiwan. Relations have also been strained by reports of Chinese cyberattacks on US-run websites and a planned visit to the US by the Dalai Lama. Earlier, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman warned Mr Obama that meeting the Tibetan spiritual leader would further erode ties. "We urge the US to fully grasp the high sensitivity of the Tibetan issues, to prudently and appropriately deal with related matters, and avoid bringing further damage to China-US relations," Ma Zhaoxu said. Exchange rates At a meeting with Senate Democrats, Mr Obama was asked whether the US would cut ties with Beijing over ongoing trade disputes. The president said he would continue to make sure that China and other countries abided by trade agreements, but warned it would be a mistake for the US to become protectionist. US-CHINA TENSIONS Google - China denies being behind an alleged cyberattack on the US search engine Taiwan - a US sale of $6.4bn (£4bn) of defensive arms to Taiwan has angered Beijing Tibet - China says a US meeting with the Dalai Lama would "undermine relations" Trade - rows over imports and exports of meat, media, car tyres and raw materials Iran - the US fears China will not back tougher sanctions against Tehran over its nuclear programme Climate - the US is disappointed at China's tough position at the Copenhagen Summit
Relations hit a bad patch The US-China power balance "The approach that we're taking is to try to get much tougher about the enforcement of existing rules, putting constant pressure on China and other countries to open up their markets in reciprocal ways," he said. "But what I don't want to do is for us as a country or as a party, to shy away from the prospects of international competition. "Our future is going to be tied up with our ability to sell products all around the world, and China is going to be one of our biggest markets," he added. Mr Obama also said foreign exchange rates would be checked to ensure countries were not giving themselves an unfair advantage against the dollar. "One of the challenges that we've got to address internationally is currency rates and how they match up to make sure that our goods are not artificially inflated in price and their goods are artificially deflated in price," he explained. Zuo Chuanchang, a researcher with the Academy of Macroeconomic Research, a Chinese think-tank, said a row over the Chinese yuan would not lead to a trade war. "It is very normal to see some disputes between China and the United States, but this doesn't mean there will be a bust-up," he said, quoted by Reuters news agency. "It's a political show, and it does really mean too much." The BBC's Imtiaz Tyab in Washington says the president did not specifically mention the yuan, but the US has long pushed for Beijing to let its currency appreciate in value.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iranian President Hassan Rohani at a joint press conference with the South Korean president at the Saadabad Palace, Tehran, Iran, May 2, 2016.
An Iranian cartoonist imprisoned over portraying lawmakers as animals to criticize a draft law restricting contraception and criminalizing voluntary sterilization was released from prison Tuesday, her lawyer said.
Iran's President Hassan Rohani meanwhile called for more freedom of expression and said government critics should not be jailed.
Cartoonist Atena Farghadani's lawyer, Mohammad Moghimi, said she was released after an appeals court last month reduced her initial 12-year prison sentence to 18 months.
"I am very happy that she and her parents reunited," Moghimi told The Associated Press.
Farghadani was imprisoned amid a wider crackdown by hard-liners targeting free expression in Iran. Poets, filmmakers and journalists have been charged and imprisoned.
Rohani called for expanded freedoms in a speech at the annual Tehran International Book Fair, underscoring his 2013 election promises of reform.
"Critics should not be detained, critics should not be sent to jail," he said. But he also warned against "lying, blaming and weakening the power of the nation."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
This past weekend's parliamentary runoff elections saw the moderate-reformist bloc supporting Rohani secure the most seats in the 290-seat chamber. However, they don't have an absolute majority, a potential challenge to Rohani trying to push through any reforms that hard-liners oppose.
I've seen a lot of bad Photoshop work in my day. And while it's good for a laugh, it's no fun if you're the one whose work is being laughed at. Whether you are a graphic designer making website, or just a lay-person using Photoshop for the first time, the tips below will help you avoid the most common disasters.
When it comes to Photoshop disasters, we may have seen it all, or have we. From missing fingers to extra legs, elongated necks to misplaced shoulders, no belly buttons to a plethora of vanishing fixtures, there are more Photoshop disasters than masterpieces. It is not easy to go horribly wrong while editing a picture. How can someone possibly erase parts of a subject or an object in an image? How can an editor knowingly or unknowingly tweak the laws of nature? How can anyone not see what is obviously wrong in an edited picture before publishing it?
According to The Blog Starter, the answer is simple. The editor is too engrossed in the touchups and fixes to be focused on anything else. When you work hours on one image and edit hundreds of elements, many of which may have to be done manually and one subtle layer after another or one tiny pixel after another, you would almost certainly have fatigued eyes and an exhausted mind. Photoshop disasters are at times unpardonable but it is necessary to think from the perspective of the editor. Many companies and individuals come up with pictures that are a world apart from the images they eventually want to publish or share. It is often a daunting task to meet every requirement and even professional editors know how demanding the objectives can be.
Preventing a Photoshop Disaster
It is easy to say that an editor must conduct a final assessment and if the last minute check does throw up something odd then the image should be discarded or redone. This can prevent a Photoshop disaster but it effectively means all the hours spent on the image have been wasted. Hence, you ought to be proactive. You must take the right steps to prevent a Photoshop disaster. The objective is prevention and not damage control. Many editors, including professionals, get into a damage control mode, which is a natural self defense mechanism whenever there is something horribly wrong with an edited picture. As a result, they come up with fixes that either ruin the picture or simply saves the day but eliminates all possibility of the picture having the intended impact.
Save Frequently, Have Many Saved Versions
Rarely does an editor get a picture that can be deemed publishable without any edit or barely enough edit. How many steps of edits do you undertake on an average for a typical photograph? The answer could be dozens, scores and in some cases hundreds. Professional editors routinely undertake thousands of steps of edits. This may be surprising for many but you have to understand that every layer to be edited is one step, every enhancement of the color saturation is a step and every tiny stroke of brushing or smudging is also one step. When you have so many steps, it is humanly impossible to remember all the steps you have already undertaken. Even if you have a video of yourself editing the picture, it is not practical to review what you have done to find the exact point where you may want to go back to and alter the edit.
The solution is in frequent saves. You must save every time you make substantial progress. The immediate phase of progress does not have to be perfect. It may be lacking in a myriad of ways but you should still save it so you can go back to it if needed. To simplify things, you should have many versions of the image. Do not keep saving the changes to the same photo you have been editing for an hour. Every time you make a worthwhile change, make it a new version of the image. This will allow you to have multiple distinct versions of the same image and you can choose the best edit of them all. Saving frequently will also protect you from losing the progress.
If it isn't Right, it isn't Right
There will be many stages during an edit when you would not like something. It could be an organic element in the picture, depending on how it was taken, when, with what and by whom. It could be one of your edit effects. No matter what it is, if it doesn't look right and if you don't feel right about it, then don't let it be. Change it, undo it or get rid of it unless the element is integral to your subjects and objects. Do not get rid of an arm or a leg, an eyebrow or a part of someone's head, the crown of a skyscraper or one of the three pyramids because you don't like how they have been captured. Try to salvage the scenario without giving in to a recipe for Photoshop disaster.
Master Photoshop, for instance History States
Nothing will empower you as much as practice. You can read as much as you want, you may be fascinatingly creative or imaginative and you may be an excellent photographer. None of these attributes will help if you don't know every facet of Photoshop. For instance, there is a feature in Photoshop under the Edit section wherein you can set your Preferences pertaining to how many steps back you can undo your progress. Under Preferences, there is an option called Performance and therein you would find History States. This feature is set at a default twenty steps. This means you can undo your progress to twenty steps back, no further. Choose how many steps you want to retrace and which exact state you want the image to be reverted to. This will not happen retroactively. You would need the feature to be set according to your need before you start editing a picture.
Allowing yourself to undo as many steps as you want will give you the freedom to resume from wherever you want without losing the progress up to that point. It is painful to repeat the same edits that you know were fine but you had to lose due to undoing to a point preceding such progress. There are many such truly helpful, cool and smart features that you can know about as you master the software. Editing anything, a picture or video, an article or a book, is as much about creativity as it is about technicality. Both need to be honed. More often than not, honing one improves the other.
Edit with Élan
You must master a plethora of skills to edit with élan. There are many practical and smarter ways to circumvent when the going gets tough. The more you know of such strategies or tricks, the easier it would be for you to edit a perfect piece and to avoid a Photoshop disaster. Here are a few tips that will help you to edit with élan.
• You can use a bokeh to hide anomalies and to enhance the picture without paving the way for a disaster. Professional photographers can achieve the bokeh effect with the right lens, focal length and lighting without any edit effect. If you don't have a natural bokeh, you can achieve it within Photoshop. This will enhance the aesthetics of your image without making it a disaster. When you opt for a bokeh, you don't have to worry about the background or surrounding negative space. There may have been a building that is now hazy, there may be a part of a bridge that is now a blur and there could have been many things that are not lucid any more. The bokeh would take care of it all, unless you have actually removed any object or subject during your edit.
• There are some photos that simply don't have the right light, the subjects may not be captured at their best or most flattering and there can be a number of issues with the picture, from the angle to the resolution to the shutter speed among others. If you absolutely must use such photos, then go for pop art elements. You can save a photo from horrible lighting. You can save an otherwise great photo but taken from a bad angle or a scene that looks amazing but with not the finest subjects. There is no definitive rule to create impressive pop art. Practice, conduct trial & error and assess the progress and the impacts in every scenario. Like Photoshop as a whole, you will master pop art edit effects in time.
• Bad light, conflicting colors, wildly varying saturation and plenty of other realities can ruin an otherwise perfect image. The minor but consequential issues in a picture don't have to be completely wiped off or redrawn. You don't need artificial measures every time when you have something as simple as black and white conversion. You can turn a colored photo to black and white, a step that can conceal many unsightly or jerky elements in the original. Be sure to check if those elements are really taken care of but if a simple black and white conversion is acceptable, given the ulterior objective, then there is no need to take the risk of vanishing buses or smudging the wrinkles.
How much you know about Photoshop, how much time you spend using the software and on every image, how smart and imaginative you are along with your perceptivity and objective reasoning will save you from a disaster.
Looking for a great font for your website? Google fonts are great choice for any website. These fonts are compatible with WordPress, or for those using web design software like Wix, voted the best website builder, or SquareSpace.
March 10 marks the 20th anniversary of the premiere of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and if you're a fan whose heart has never left Sunnydale, you're about to be very happy.
Yahoo TV has the exclusive announcement of how 20th Century Fox Consumer Products is celebrating the milestone. There will be new merchandise debuting throughout 2017, some of which we'll preview below and which fans will find March 10 at BoxLunch, a pop culture gift and novelty store with a cause. (For every $10 spent in-store and online, BoxLunch will help provide a meal to a person in need via their philanthropic partner Feeding America.)
Fans can also visit BoxLunch.com on March 10 for the “Sunnydale High Yearbook Contest,” which has the prize of a trip to this year's San Diego Comic-Con. (You'll upload your high school class photo with your best Buffy caption in the form of a “senior quote.”)
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is currently streaming on Netflix. Pop will air the two-part series premiere March 10 at 9 a.m. ET.
Now, on to the merch!
YERINGTON, NV - The National Transportation Safety Board is still investigating the crash of a single-engine Cessna 170 and an unidentified experimental aircraft in midair above a dry lake bed.
Sunday, October 12, 2014 about 8AM, the Lyon County Sheriff's Office dispatch center received a call of a plane crash 11 miles northwest of Yerington. Another caller who saw the crash advised it was near Wabuska.
Sheriff's deputies and fire personnel from the Mason Valley Fire Protection District responded and located an informal “fly-in” at a remote dry lake bed, northwest of Wabuska. A fly-in is an arranged gathering of pilots and planes for social interaction.
Several airplanes had been flying to and from the dry lake bed over the weekend. Deputies met with witnesses who stated two airplanes collided north of the dry lake bed and crashed into the side of a hill.
Deputies located the crash site and discovered two airplanes which were badly damaged. Both pilots were pronounced dead at the scene. One has been identified as 28-year-old Tyler Adams from Corvallis, Oregon. According to the Associated Press, the Winston-Dillard Fire District in Oregon has confirmed Capt. Thomas R. Weiss of Roseburg, Oregon was the other pilot.
The NTSB is conducting the accident investigation, with the Lyon County Sheriff's Office conducting the death investigation.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. – For a long time researchers have tracked high rates of obesity among black and Hispanic kids, but a closer look at communities shows family income matters more than race in predicting which kids are overweight.
Using a model created from data on 111,799 Massachusetts students, the University of Michigan Health System showed that as poverty rises, so does the rate of obesity among children in 68 of its public school districts.
Although obesity rates were higher among African-American and Hispanic kids, the relationship disappeared when factoring in family income, according to the study published in the journal Childhood Obesity.
Authors concluded that fewer resources like recreational programs and parks and access to full service grocery stores appear to have a greater impact on the nation's childhood obesity rate than race.
“The findings reveal differences in the inequalities in the physical and social environment in which children are raised,” says senior author Kim A. Eagle, M.D., a cardiologist and director at the University of Michigan Frankel Cardiovascular Center. “It illustrates that race and ethnicity in communities may not have a significant connection to obesity status once the community's income is considered.”
In low-income communities where places to play and supermarkets may be scared, it can promote consumption of low nutrition and fast food and little to no physical activity, authors say.
Among the school districts for every 1 percent increase in low-income status there was a 1.17 percent increase in rates of overweight/obese students.
Eagle and colleagues from the Michigan Clinical Outcomes Research and Reporting Program used data collected from mandated student body mass index screenings that began in Massachusetts schools in 2011.
To correlate community rates of childhood obesity with lower-income status, the percentage of students who were overweight or obese was compared with the percentage of students in each district who was eligible for free and reduced price lunch, transitional aid or food stamps.
The resulting model presented a strong argument that low-income children and adolescents are more likely to be obese than their higher income peers.
“The battle to curb childhood obesity is critically tied to understanding its causes and focusing on the modifiable factors that can lead to positive health changes for each and every child,” Eagle says.
Obesity rates among adults and children in the United States have steadily risen in the past few decades. About 18.4 percent of 12-19-year-olds are overweight or obese and childhood obesity often continues into adulthood.
There's a 70 percent chance that an overweight adolescent will remain overweight or obese as an adult, and in the short run, obesity can lead to cardiovascular risk factors such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and abnormal glucose tolerance or diabetes.
Grass roots efforts are changing the tide in children's health status. Project Healthy Schools, which was founded by Eagle 10 years ago in collaboration with public and private partners, teaches sixth grade students the importance of making healthy food choices and reducing time spent watching TV and video games.
Following the program students had lower levels of cholesterol and other blood fats.
“Ultimately, bottom-up neighborhood, school, and community engagement and education, and top-down legislative actions that will support healthier choices for adults and children, are needed to battle this health crisis,” Eagle says.
###
Reference: “The relationship between childhood obesity, low socioeconomic status, and race/ethnicity: Lessons from Massachusetts,” Childhood Obesity, December 2015, Vol. 11, No. 6.
Additional authors: Robert Rogers; Taylor F. Eagle; Anne Sheetz, M.P.H.; Alan Woodward, M.D.; Robert Leibowitz, Ph.D.; MinKyoung Song, Ph.D.; Rachel Sylvester; Nicole Corriveau; Eva Kline-Rogers; Qingmei Jiang and Elizabeth Jackson, M.D., M.P.H.
HYDERABAD: A 'beef festival' planned by students in Osmania University here on December 10 has taken a communal hue with a BJP MLA threatening to "kill" anyone to protect cows and stop the festival, putting the police and administration on tenterhooks.Both sides are on collision course with supporters of the festival planning a five-km run on December 7 to muster support for the festival while the BJP MLA Raja Singh and his supporters announcing a counter rally to Osmania University on the day of "beef festival" to take on the organizers."Granting permission for any run depends on the subject or the purpose. If any event may lead to law and order issues, we will not allow such a programme," DCP Limba Reddy told TOI when asked about the event. However, the organizers are determined to hold the festival saying the "we will not seek permission as it is our right to eat whatever we want".Singh queered the pitch on Tuesday by declaring that he was "ready to kill or get killed to protect cows". The Telangana BJP leadership has distanced itself from the MLA's strident posture but has not taken any action against him.Warning the organizers and stressing that a Dadri kind of incident should not be repeated in Telangana, Singh, 37, a first-time MLA from Goshamal seat, said: "I am categorically warning those who want to hold the beef festival that they must drop the programme. We are committed to take life or give life in order to protect the 'gou mata'."Telangana BJP chief G Kishan Reddy reacted by accusing Singh of indulging in anti-party activities and said: "Of late, he stopped taking part in party activities. He is acting as if he is an independent." On the December 10 event, Reddy said, "We won't oppose or support the so-called beef festival. We heard that cow meat is not being used in the festival. They say it is buffalo and ox meat. So long as it is not cow meat, the BJP has no issue."He said the BJP had not permitted Singh to protest against the beef festival and the latter had also not informed the party about his visit on Monday to the university campus where he had reportedly brandished a sword. On his part, Singh remained defiant and said: "I don't bother if the BJP supports me or not. Even Narendra Modi cannot stop me from going ahead with my crusade to protect 'gou maata'." He added he would lead a rally to the university on December 10.A clutch of Leftist student organizations, along with other student groups and some from the university faculty, have planned the event on the occasion of Human Rights Day. The idea is to uphold right to food as one among the human rights as well as to protest against the ban on cow slaughter. K Shankar of All India Students Federation said 10,000 people were expected at the festival. Before the event, student organizations plan to hold a five-km run on December 7 in support of the beef festival.When asked whether the beef festival will be allowed, deputy commissioner of police (East Zone) A Ravinder told TOI: "We will go as per the law. As of now, we are hearing from various sources like the media about the beef festival and there is not direct communication from organizers."Singh, a former Bajrang Dal member, has a tainted past and was arrested in 2008 on charges of murdering two Christian pastors. Prior to that, he was held for murdering a businessman. He was, however, acquitted in all these cases. He was also accused of inciting communal violence and has been named in many cases relating to communal clashes. He entered politics as a TDP councillor from the Old City and joined the BJP just before 2014 elections.
Welcome Home!
As we are putting the finishing touches to the stadium this week, we wanted to let you know some of the new amenities that will be available to you.
An additional gate ( Gate 4 ) located at the south west side of the stadium
) located at the south west side of the stadium East and west concourses on the 200 level are now connected through the top of south end.
New Scoreboard
A Brand New Budweiser King Club on the 200 level concourse with all your favourite beers on tap and the classic view of the Toronto skyline. (The Bud King Club Patio continues to be in the north)
Supporters End
With the expansion of BMO Field we have brought all supporter groups to the south end to cheer on The Reds and generate the electric atmosphere at BMO. Supporter groups include The Red Patch Boys, U-Sector, Kings in the North, Inebriatti, Original 109 and Tribal Rhythm Nation.
Fan Services
Our Fan Services stations will remain at Gate 1 and Gate 3. There will be an additional location added on the east 500 level across from section 207. You may also text Guest Assist 647 933 5354 if you are requiring assistance from a staff member.
Washrooms
Over 15 new washrooms for both men, women and family have been added on both the new concourse level, and 500 level.
Concessions
With the addition of 8400 new seats on the east side of BMO Field, we have expanded on our concourse levels. We have added over 10 new concessions to BMO Field, located on the new course level and 500 level. But don't worry! Your favourites such as Smoke's Poutinerie are still there.
Clubs & Suites
Tunnel Club
Steps away from the Toronto FC locker room, The Tunnel Club provides an unique experience, unmatched across MLS to watch the player's take the pitch. With high-end finishing's and all-inclusive premium food options included, the Tunnel Club is the premier place for hosting at BMO Field. To watch The Reds, you will take your seat in our new race car style seating field side.
East Club
Located field level with access pre- and post-match, the East Club provides all-inclusive “Chef's Table” food stations with premium amenities. You will be able to take your seat in the new race car style seating field side.
Rogers Club
Our new remodelled Rogers Club accommodates approximately 700 members. Private concessions, washrooms and lounge are available to members. Access to the Rogers Club is will be allowed before and after the match.
Director's Lounge West
Located at the north west corner of BMO Field, you will have access to a private suite behind your field side seats with all-inclusive food stations. You will also have access to the our premier space for hosting, the Tunnel Club, where you can watch the players take the pitch while enjoying the premium amenities in the club.
Director's Lounge East
Located at the north east corner of BMO Field, you will have access to a private suite behind your field side seats with all-inclusive food stations. You will also have access to the East club, one of our new premium clubs.
East Side Suites
Our 13 new executive suites on the East side with stadium seating in the front are great for hosting and entertaining while watching the match.
Loge Boxes
With the new Loge suite you will be able to host a smaller number at a match while having access to a suite on the east side of the stadium. Within the Loge suite you will be able to enjoy an all-inclusive food stations.
Much ink has been spilled amount United States v. Hammond, the federal criminal prosecution cited by militia members as one of the motivations for taking over a federal facility in Oregon. The increased sentence imposed on the Hammonds has been cited as a sign of government abuse. But the sentencing itself is not remarkable.
In 2001 Steven and Dwight Hammond set a fire on their property that spread to public land. In August of 2006 they set a back burn near the boundary of their land to respond to a lightning-kindled fire; that fire burned a small amount of public land. The federal government charged the Hammonds with various crimes, including Title 18, United States Code, section 844(f)(1):
(f)
(1) Whoever maliciously damages or destroys, or attempts to damage or destroy, by means of fire or an explosive, any building, vehicle, or other personal or real property in whole or in part owned or possessed by, or leased to, the United States, or any department or agency thereof, or any institution or organization receiving Federal financial assistance, shall be imprisoned for not less than 5 years and not more than 20 years, fined under this title, or both.
The Ninth Circuit summarized part of the trial evidence as follows:
Although the Hammonds claimed that the fire was designed to burn off invasive species on their property, a teenage relative of theirs testified that Steven had instructed him to drop lit matches on the ground so as to “light up the whole country on fire.” And the teenager did just that.
A jury convicted the Hammonds of the Section 844 charge, acquitted them on other charges, and failed to reach a verdict on additional charges. While the jury continued to deliberate on the remaining charges, the Hammonds and the government reached a deal: the Hammonds would not appeal the verdict and the government would recommend that the Hammonds could stay out on bail pending sentencing and that the government would recommend that their Section 844 sentences be served concurrently — that is, that though the Hammonds were convicted of multiple counts of Section 844, each carrying a mandatory minimum five-year sentence, the government would recommend that those five-year terms not "stack," but result in just one five-year sentence.
At sentencing, the United States District Judge on the case refused to impose the five-year mandatory-minimum sentences required by Section 844, ruling that to do so would violate the Eighth Amendment's prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment. The court instead imposed sentences of twelve months and a day on the father1 and three months on the son.
The government appealed the sentence, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed and sent the case back, instructing the trial court to impose the statutory mandatory minimum sentence. The Court found — rather convincingly, given the precedent — that a five-year sentence for arson does not violate the Eighth Amendment:
Given the seriousness of arson, a five-year sentence is not grossly disproportionate to the offense. The Supreme Court has upheld far tougher sentences for less serious or, at the very least, comparable offenses. See Lockyer v. Andrade,
538 U.S. 63 (2003) (upholding a sentence of fifty years to life under California's three-strikes law for stealing nine
videotapes); Ewing v. California, 538 U.S. 11 (2003) (upholding a sentence of twenty-five years to life under California's three-strikes law for the theft of three golf clubs); Hutto v. Davis, 454 U.S. 370 (1982) (per curiam) (upholding a forty-year sentence for possession of nine ounces of marijuana with the intent to distribute); Rummel v. Estelle, 445 U.S. 263 (1980) (upholding a life sentence under Texas's recidivist statute for obtaining $120.75 by false pretenses). And we and other courts have done the same. See, e.g., United States v. Tolliver, 730 F.3d 1216, 1230–32 (10th Cir. 2013) (upholding a 430-month sentence for using arson in the commission of a felony); United States v. Major, 676 F.3d 803, 812 (9th Cir. 2012) (upholding a 750-year sentence for offenses under 18 U.S.C. § 924(c)), cert. denied, 133 S. Ct. 280; United States v. Meiners, 485 F.3d 1211, 1212–13 (9th Cir. 2007) (per curiam) (upholding a fifteen-year sentence for advertising child pornography); United States v. Uphoff, 232 F.3d 624, 625–26 (8th Cir. 2000) (upholding a five-year sentence for arson of a building).
So the district court resentenced the Hammonds. The government asked for the five-year mandatory minimum but kept its deal to recommend concurrent sentences (rather than stacking two counts of Section 844 to form a ten-year sentence), and the court agreed and imposed that sentence. The Hammonds will necessarily serve 85% of that sentence, less the time they've already served.
Was the five-year sentence cruel and unusual?
It's arguable whether the five-year sentence is colloquially cruel and unusual, or whether the law should treat it as a violation of the Eighth Amendment. But there's no serious argument that the sentence is cruel and unusual under existing Eighth Amendment precedent. The Supreme Court and lower courts have upheld far harsher sentences for far less serious conduct. The Eighth Amendment still has vigor when applied to the death penalty and some conditions of imprisonment, but under modern jurisprudence it does not place any significant limit on the length of imprisonment that may be imposed for convictions. That may not be what the law should be, but it's what the law is, and has been for some time.
Was the mandatory minimum sentence unusual, or unusually imposed?
The Hammond case provided a straightforward application of a statutory mandatory minimum sentence. If you accept the premise of the jury's verdict — that the jury found that the Hammonds maliciously burned government land — then the case does not stand out. Longer mandatory minimums are routinely imposed for less culpable conduct. That doesn't make it right; it just makes it banal.
Was it unusual for the government to appeal the sentence, or for the Hammonds to be returned to jail after serving the original sentence?
Absent a waiver, both the government and the defense have the right to appeal a sentence. Federal prosecutors generally must seek approval from "main Justice" — the Department of Justice in Washington D.C. — before appealing a ruling. That's so the feds don't make what they see as "bad law" by appealing "bad cases," and so the feds' legal stance remains relatively consistent across circuits.
Back in the 1980s and 1990s, before the Supreme Court ruled that the United States Sentencing Guidelines must be treated as recommendations and not as mandates, the government routinely appealed sentences when they concluded that the judge had mis-applied the Guidelines in the defendant's favor. Now that the appellate standard is "reasonableness" of the sentence, the government appeals on that basis less often, but still does so. The United States has always routinely appealed sentences when a district judge has refused to impose a mandatory minimum sentence. Traditionally the Department of Justice has jealously guarded the mandatory nature of mandatory minimum sentences, appealing judicial defiance of them even in otherwise unappealing cases.
It's therefore not unusual at all that the government appealed the Hammonds' sentence.
Nor is the Hammonds' return to prison unprecedented. If the trial court imposes a short sentence and the appellate court overturns that ruling and requires a longer sentence, that's the result. The alternative would be that trial judges could avoid appellate review of sentences by making them short enough that defendants would be done with them by the time the appellate court could review them. That might be appealing to defense lawyers, defendants, and judges who believe in the primacy of trial court discretion, but it's not the law.
The U.S. v. Hammond appeal, reversal, and resentencing are not remarkable in the context of federal criminal law. Maybe they should be, but they aren't. Any suggestion that the proceedings represent a departure from the norm are incorrect.
That's not meant as an endorsement of the result. It's meant to question why this particular exercise of federal criminal authority strikes people as so outrageous, when in fact (as we often discuss here) it's routine.
Last 5 posts by Ken White
The 23-year-old niece of two-time Grammy Award-winning rapper T-pain was fatally stabbed Tuesday morning at a Walgreens in Tallahassee, Florida.
Javona Glover, the mother of a two-year-old daughter, was an employee at the drug store, WCTV reports.
T-Pain, whose real name is Faheem Rashad Najm, used social media to encourage local residents to assist Tallahassee law enforcement in their hunt for his niece's killer.
“The police are still lookin for the coward ass n*gga that just killed my niece at Walgreens in Tallahassee. If you got info pls help us out!” T-Pain tweeted Tuesday, adding, “if anybody in 850 got any info on this then step up pls.”
The police are still lookin for the coward ass nigga that just killed my niece at Walgreens in Tallahassee. If you got info pls help us out! — T-Pain (@TPAIN) August 30, 2016
https://t.co/z5cykNUmOn if anybody in 850 got any info on this then step up pls. — T-Pain (@TPAIN) August 30, 2016
On Tuesday afternoon, the Tallahassee Police Department named 25-year-old Tavon Q. Jackson a suspect in the murder investigation and secured a warrant for his arrest.
Investigators also released surveillance video which, according to TPD, shows images of Jackson at the scene of the crime during the time of the homicide.
T-Pain continued to use social media to assist in the search for the suspect connected to his niece's death, urging his nearly 700,000 Instagram followers to contact law enforcement if they “know the whereabouts of Tavon Jackson.”
https://www.instagram.com/p/BJwCG6uj3Y5/
So far, no arrests have been made.
Walgreens issued the following statement on Tuesday:
“We extend our deepest condolences to the family and loved ones of our team member. The store is temporarily closed while police conduct their investigation and we refer you to police for any additional information. Pharmacy patients who normally use this location can have their medications filled at our nearby stores located at 313 N. Monroe St. and 140 Capital Circle.”
T-Pain, a native of Tallahassee, Florida, launched his music carrier in 2004 and quickly became a hit-maker.
From 2006 to 2010, the Stoicville: The Phoenix singer was featured on or produced over 50 chart-topping singles.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson
Secret documents reveal MI5 agents betrayed Libyan dissidents to Gaddafi spies in London rendezvous just 700 yards from Harrods
British spies supplied the Libyan dictator's secret agents with intelligence, mobile phones and an upmarket London safe house
Experts say the explosive documents suggest breaches of the Geneva Conventions, the Human Rights Act and criminal law
MI5 betrayed enemies of Colonel Gaddafi given refuge in Britain in a covert joint operation with Libyan spies working on UK soil, documents obtained by The Mail on Sunday reveal.
Gaddafi's secret agents were supplied by MI5 with intelligence, secure mobile phones and a luxurious safe house in the heart of London's Knightsbridge.
The extraordinary revelations emerge from hundreds of secret documents unearthed from Libyan spymasters' archives after the Gaddafi regime was toppled – with British military help – last year.
Shockingly, they reveal tactics of intimidation and coercion – and expose the British agents' specific fears that their actions might be reported by the press in the UK.
Under pressure: Tony Blair with Jack Straw in 2005, and some of the documents seen by the MoS, below
The documents disclose that MI5 betrayed the confidentiality that all refugees are promised when they apply for asylum, and told the Libyans that the targets could be threatened with deportation to Libya if they refused to co-operate.
The revelations will cause a political storm. David Davis, the senior Tory MP, said they made clear that the 2004 operation to arrange the ‘rendition' of former Gaddafi opponent Abdel Hakim Belhadj from Bangkok to Tripoli was ‘merely the start of a continuing intelligence saga'.
He added: ‘The documents seem to say that British agencies exposed people who had been given refuge here to the very people they had fled. This is an appalling betrayal of Britain's obligations and traditions, apparently for reasons of realpolitik, not national security. What the documents reveal is coercion at best, and at worst blackmail.'
He said it was ‘essential' that the Scotland Yard investigation into the case of Mr Belhadj – who is suing former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw for allegedly authorising his kidnap and rendition – is extended to include the joint MI5-Libya operations.
Experts in refugee law say the documents imply flagrant breaches of the Geneva Conventions on refugees, the Human Rights Act and the ordinary criminal law.
Lord Carlile, QC, the former reviewer of UK anti-terror laws, said the allegations were ‘serious' and called for an inquiry.
Revelations: The documents were unearthed from Libyan spymasters' archives after Colonel Gaddafi was toppled with the help of British forces
A senior former intelligence officer said it was ‘difficult to imagine' that the joint operations were not sanctioned by Ministers and it was likely that the Home and Foreign Secretaries were involved, as well as the Prime Minister – at the time, Tony Blair.
But the then Foreign Secretary, Margaret Beckett, said: ‘I don't think I knew anything about this. I certainly have no recollection of it.' She thought that as an ‘operational matter' it would not have needed ministerial authorisation.
Lord Reid, who was Home Secretary, failed to return phone calls asking for comment. A spokesman for Mr Blair said he had ‘no recollection' of the operations.
The documents reveal meetings between the British and Libyan services in both Tripoli and London, and visits by the Libyan agents to make ‘approaches' to their targets in London and Manchester in August and October 2006.
They make clear that the Libyans had at least some success, and that some of the refugees they approached did agree to co-operate.
MI5, the documents say, wanted then to turn the refugees into sources of their own, in the belief that the body to which they belonged – the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group – was linked to Al Qaeda, and a threat to UK national security.
But, according to the minutes of one meeting, MI5 also knew that its decision to do business with a regime that, despite having abandoned its WMD programme, was still torturing and murdering its opponents, was controversial and had to be kept secret.
Last night a security source defended co-operation with Libya, saying: ‘Many of Jihadist fighters picked up in Afghanistan after 2001 were Libyans. They posed a threat and had to be closely monitored.'
Just 700 yeards from Harrods, a covert rendezvous between Libyan spies and MI5 agent Caroline sparks demand for criminal inquiry
Special Investigation by Robert Verkaik, Barbara Jones and David Rose
As MI5 had promised, it had left nothing to chance. Waiting for the two Libyan intelligence officers as they got off the plane at Heathrow was Caroline, the charming Security Service operative they knew from her recent visit to Tripoli.
No need for the agents to wait in line at immigration: Caroline – whose full name, together with that of other UK officers, The Mail on Sunday has chosen not to publish – met them ‘airside', and they bypassed the usual formalities.
She was carrying two, prepaid, secure mobile phones, one for each of the Libyans, Colonel Najmuddin Ajeli and Ahmed Abdanabi.
Upmarket: MI5 accommodated the Libyan intelligence officers in a luxury serviced flat near Harrods in Knightsbridge, London
Naturally, Caroline had organised transport: an MI5 car in which she escorted them to MI5's safe house – a luxury service flat at one of the best addresses in London, in the heart of Knightsbridge.
This was almost certainly in Egerton Place, a brief stroll from Harrods, and less than a mile from St James's Square, where WPC Yvonne Fletcher was shot by a Libyan diplomat in 1984.
Next day, August 10, 2006, the joint operation between MI5 and the Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's External Security Organisation would begin. Meanwhile, Ajeli and Abdanabi were free to enjoy a night on the town.
Details of the two Libyans' visit are contained in a new and extraordinary cache of documents, classified UK/Libya Secret, unearthed in Gaddafi's archives after his regime was toppled – thanks in large part to RAF airstrikes – last year.
The documents reveal that collusion between the dictator's security agency, a byword for torture, brutality and murder throughout the Middle East, and its British counterparts was far greater than hitherto realised.
The case of Abdel Hakim Belhadj, who is suing the former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw for allegedly authorising his illegal ‘rendition' from Thailand to prolonged torture in Libya in 2004, has already become notorious.
Serious as the Belhadj case is, however, in that instance the British supplied intelligence only about his whereabouts: the actual rendition was done from a distant foreign country by the American CIA.
But the new documents disclose that for at least two years after that, MI5 and MI6 developed a close and active working relationship with the Libyans.
It extended to flagrant breaches of the law that is supposed to protect political refugees, and ‘joint operations' in which such people – whose families and friends were vulnerable to savage reprisals in Libya – were cold-bloodedly ‘targeted' on British soil, where they thought they were safe, by the Libyan service, with direct assistance from MI5.
This breaks every convention of acceptable behaviour between governments.
‘When you ask for asylum in Britain, the form you fill in promises that the mere fact of applying will be treated by the British Government as strictly confidential, since if it became known, your friends and family would be exposed to persecution,' a top QC and refugee law expert said yesterday.
‘But these documents suggest that not only was this rule ignored, but refugees were threatened with deportation if they refused to co-operate with the very regime they had fled – a core breach of both the 1951 Geneva Convention, and the Human Rights Act. It also appears they were coerced. Any Britons involved could also have committed the offence of misconduct in a public office.'
The documents contain a detailed narrative of the 2006 operation mounted by Caroline, Ajeli, Abdanabi and their colleagues. It began with a meeting in Tripoli on May 17, attended by X, an MI6 officer stationed in Libya (whom The Mail on Sunday has agreed not to name), Caroline from MI5, and the two Libyans who came to London in August, along with others whose names are not recorded in the meeting's minutes – which were taken in Arabic by a member of the Libyan service.
‘We are here with you to share some co-operation and suggestions to work with your secret department,' Caroline explained. Right from the outset, she abandoned any pretence that asylum seekers should be protected.
According to the minutes, she said: ‘Target 2 could become a very good source and we can pressure him to work for us because he's not a British citizen.' Another individual is identified as a possible target because he is ‘very emotional' and would be deeply affected if any of his friends were to be arrested. The document records: ‘He could be a good source because he works in a library inside a mosque and he has close links to Libyan Islamic Fighting Group [then a banned group which operated as a political party opposing Gaddafi, and from whose ranks many of last year's revolutionary fighters were drawn].'
After Caroline left Tripoli, plans were made for the August visit by the two Libyans. MI6's officer X sent the details of its logistics in a memo to General Sadegh Krema, the head of the Libyan service's external relations section, on August 8, the day before they left. As well as the safe house and the phones, MI5 would be providing lunch, and a series of meetings to formulate ‘operational plans' for approaching their main target.
The Mail on Sunday is aware of the identity of this person, who was a member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) based in Didsbury, in Manchester, and an habitué of the Didsbury mosque, one of the main centres of anti-Gaddafi activity in Britain. We also have the minutes of the meeting held between the Libyans, Caroline, her colleague Tony and other MI5 staff at MI5 headquarters on August 11.
MI5 justified its participation in these operations by asserting that the LIFG was a jihadist group with links to Al Qaeda, and hence a threat to UK security – although it is a matter of record that the only Libyan ever arrested or charged with any terrorist offence committed in Britain was not from the opposition at all: the sole example is Abdelbaset Al Megrahi, the Lockerbie bomber freed on compassionate grounds nearly three years ago when he was said to have three months to live. In 2004, the Special Immigration Appeals Commission ruled that the LIFG was only interested in opposing Gaddafi – not mounting terrorist attacks in Britain.
Be that as it may, MI5 knew that by working so closely with Gaddafi's agents it was taking a risk. According to the minutes, one of the MI5 staff said: ‘The target person has the right to make a complaint or seek police protection. British intelligence must be careful how they approach a target because this individual could call on human rights or the press and cause a security scandal that exposes the co-operation between British and Libyan secret services.'
The minutes suggest that MI5 preferred to use the carrot, rather than the stick, in inducing the target to start giving up information about his associates: ‘We might allow him to visit his family in Libya, then return to Britain. We could offer to help clear his name with Libyan authorities. We could offer to help with citizenship or residency. This could open the door to his co-operation. We could enter his office frequently, do business with him and open the door to further conversations.'
But if that didn't work, then they could resort to coercion: ‘Libyan operatives could ask him [the target asylum seeker] about problems at home in Libya or in Britain.
‘They offer to help in return for giving information we want about other targets. If he refuses, British police will arrest him and accuse him of associating with Libyan secret agents. He will be told that as a non-resident of Britain he could be deported if found guilty.'
A memo dated September 27 from officer X to General Krema makes clear that the August operation had gone well, and suggests further activity against other targets in Didsbury. The Libyan agent Najmuddin Ajeli had ‘established contact' with members of the Didsbury mosque, and the next step would be ‘joint casework between our services'.
On October 14, Ajeli and Abdanabi flew back to Britain. Another unnamed MI5 officer, says a further memo, was due to meet them, though if there were any problems, they could call Caroline.
This time, the plan was to set up further meetings with the target in Didsbury, with the hope of introducing him to MI5. The Libyans were not to stay at the safe house, however, but at the five-star City Inn Hotel, which conveniently is next to MI5's headquarters on the Thames.
There the documentary record ends. But former Libyan dissidents who are now supporters of the revolution say they know of several individuals who were approached by Libyan intelligence and MI5 while refugees in Britain, and threatened in the ways the documents suggest.
Gareth Peirce, the solicitor who acted for several Libyan refugees, said yesterday: ‘This has been a common methodology. If you think someone is vulnerable, facing deportation, you exploit that. It is a common currency I have come across again and again.'
London On Da Track is one of the hardest working producers in the game and that isn't stopping anytime soon. In a new interview with London, we talked to the super-producer about his constant work with Young Thug, his background in music, and much more. London touched on more than just working with Young Thug and revealed that he actually was just in the studio with Nicki Minaj working on new songs. He described the sessions as more on the pop side as opposed to Nicki rapping.
As of right now, Nicki has not announced plans for a new project, but she did tease a new mixtape back in December, though nothing more has come of it. In addition to the work with Nicki, London revealed that he's been talking to Drake about hitting the studio in the near future. London also teased a full project with Metro Boomin titled LondonBoomin​. Perhaps the wildest part of the conversation, which you can watch in full above, was when London said that he really, really wants to work with Taylor Swift at some point during his career. Will it happen? Who knows, but it's clear that London has his eyes set on another big year.
While the attention is often on the marathon efforts of Great Victorian Bike Ride participants, a volunteer earned the limelight with a brave animal rescue yesterday.
Muzammil Patel had just arrived at the Apollo Bay campsite next to the Barham River when a woman alerted him to a koala struggling in the river.
“There was no other option, I had to jump in and save the koala. It looked like it was going to drown,” Mr Patel said.
“It felt beautiful. The lady who spotted him was crying after she saw the koala had been saved.”
More than 4000 cyclists are in Apollo Bay for the ride, which is held over nine days and stretches 527 kilometres from Halls Gap to Geelong.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
In your ideal relationship, do you hope you'll tell each other everything?
Chances are, yes. We've begun to believe that intimacy means we should be able to tell our partners anything and that we have a right to know everything about their behaviors, thoughts, and feelings. "Where did you go? Who did you see? What are you thinking right now?" We feel entitled to know all these things immediately and constantly. The result is that a lot of us confuse being close to someone with something more dangerous to relationships: surveillance.
In fact, our desire to know every detail about our partner's life provides us with a false sense of security. We think, If we were truly close, then he'd tell me everything. What actually happens is that you have all this data about your partner, but the facts don't necessarily give you true insight into him or her. Small gestures — liking someone's post, friending, responding or not responding — can take on a much bigger, unintended meaning. We are bombarded with this surveillance data through social media, and we don't know what is important or not important anymore. That has made many of us afraid of letting our partner have any privacy — we think privacy will cloak infidelity. Even worse, demanding to know all these little details invites a sort of parental mode — "What did you talk about with your friends? What did you eat for lunch?" — these are things we ask of children. Instead of fueling desire and closeness, they turn our relationships into scavenger hunts. (A better tactic is to ask your partner, "What was great about your day?" or "Did anything happen that made you feel down?" That's different from tracking their daily data.)
When we're afraid of letting things be personal to our partner, we get the urge to snoop, usually on their phones. When you get that itch, first consider how you would feel if he or she read your texts or diary or rifled through your bag. It's remarkable how well we can justify doing it to others. If I do it to you, it's because you acted weird today. If you do it to me, you're a creep.
Ask yourself: What am I looking to find, and if I find it, what happens? Whenever you go looking, you're going to find something that you're not happy with, whether it is a serious offense or not. The bottom line is that snooping doesn't work. It doesn't give you what you really want and deserve to have: the feeling that your partner is loyal, that he isn't going to hurt you, that he values you. Snooping doesn't give you the trust and security you're looking for. It only fuels your fears.
You deserve to have your needs met, but I'll give you a better way to do it. Say you get the urge to snoop because your partner is being distant or you think he's emailing with an ex or he's liking other women's pictures on Instagram. If you say to him, "I know you've been doing such and such," he's going to be pissed off about the snooping, and your conversation is going to be about that and not about your worries and his misdemeanors — the thing you really wanted to talk about. Also key: Is your suspicion coming from what you know about his behavior or what you know about yourself? Could it have to do with your background (your ex cheated on you or your father cheated on your mother, for instance)? Or is it truly based on his behavior? So many of us would rather find our partner guilty than talk about our concerns and anxieties. It's easier for us to say, "You can't be trusted," than, "I struggle with trusting you."
Ask yourself: What am I looking to find, and if I find it, what happens?
So let's say you bring up your fears in a nonaccusatory way. The worst that can happen is that your partner gets defensive. Then you have a bigger issue and a conversation where you have to say, "We're not able to communicate here — this is not mature. We can't build a relationship where I bring things up and you just deflect them so you don't have to deal with stuff." In a better scenario, he says, "I care about you and I don't want you to feel this way, and I'm going to do what I need to do for that not to be the case."
These shouldn't be baiting conversations. If I said to you, "I told you I don't like it when you talk to an ex, so obviously you're going to stop seeing her now," I'm basically telling you what you should be secretive about. Instead, I could lead with "This is how it would make me feel if you talked to your ex." That gives your partner a chance to say, "I can understand how it would make you feel this way, but honestly, for me, it's just a nice way to stay in touch." And then you hear each other out.
The thing is, conversations like this are happening only when the shit hits the fan — and that's a problem. Talking about boundaries within your relationship should be normal from the very start … and throughout. It's important to discuss things like, "What are we going to do with our online-dating accounts now that we're dating? Who are the friends we see together and the friends we see alone? What are the boundaries around our exes?" You are not problematizing the issues, and you're not solving them. You're just exploring them together. The more you have these talks, the less compelled you'll feel to find out answers by snooping.
Many people wrongly think that if you need to discuss this stuff, it means that there is a problem, because the assumption is that we picked a partner and we shouldn't have any interest in anybody else anymore. I call it the convent of monogamy — this idea that all your desires, thoughts, and fantasies are going to be geared only to your partner for the next umpteen years. Thoughts about other people are normal. We choose out of love and loyalty not to act on them. Fire needs air … so does a relationship for it to breathe and thrive. We all need experiences of our own, unique to ourselves. It would help so many couples to accept that there are things about our partner that we don't know and that, in fact, not knowing your partner like the inside of your pocket is what will preserve the mystery, curiosity, and interest that truly keeps a bond alive.
Esther Perel is a sex and relationships therapist, the best-selling author of Mating in Captivity, and a consultant for the hit Showtime series The Affair. Her TED talks on desire and infidelity have been viewed more than 14 million times.
This article was originally published as "Close Encounters: The Case Against Snooping" in the July 2016 issue of Cosmopolitan.
There is no disputing a troubling trend in the Rapid City area; more guns are being stolen from unlocked vehicles.
Editor's Note: This is a trend KOTA Territory News noticed last year: Gun thefts on the rise.
The recent rash of gun thefts prompted the Rapid City Police Department to crunch some numbers, with alarming results.
“We've noticed a few of these firearm thefts pop up as we made the transition into summer,” Brendyn Medina, RCPD community relations specialist, said. “The fact that we had several of them was alarming enough. When we sat down and started really looking at the numbers, it became shocking how many guns have been stolen from unsecured vehicles in just the past three months.”
In the last three months, 20 guns were snagged from 14 vehicles in Rapid City; 18 of those burglaries also included ammunition.
In the vast majority of these burglaries – 12 out of the 14 – the vehicles were reported to have been unlocked or didn't show signs of forced entry.
“We want to shine the spotlight on the problem and reinforce that these easily-preventable thefts have now put 20 guns into the hands of criminals,” Medina stressed.
Police traced three guns stolen in Rapid City to a murder and police-involved shooting in Denver. While those guns were stolen from a firearms dealer, guns stolen from vehicles in Sioux Falls have turned up in Chicago, where 332 people have been reported murdered in the first sixth months of the year, most in shootings.
Bottom line, it is simple to thwart gun thefts from vehicles … lock the vehicles; make sure the guns are hidden from view or don't leave them in the vehicle.
“We need folks to take an extra moment to secure their firearms and lock their vehicles before leaving them unattended,” Medina said. By performing these simple actions, we can significantly reduce the number of guns getting stolen in our community.”
Cloudchaser and Flitter Spoil: Marks in Time
Of course I'm impatient! I love showing off spoilers!
Especially this time. I don't mean to brag, but my card? Absolutely the best card we've ever gotten to spoil.
Oh? I bet it's not nearly as amazing as my card is.
I dunno. It'll be real tough to beat my card. It's going to see a lot of play, I guarantee it.
Well, stop bragging about it and show everypony!
Don't have to tell me twice!
…Well that was a awful lot of buildups for a pretty boring card.
B-boring?
Well, it's not like we don't have a whole bunch of TM Busters already…
Yeah, but…
Okay, I guess I can see where you're coming from. At first glance some ponies might just dismiss this.
But Cracking the Case has a lot of things that make it stand out!
First off, it's immediate. The very first immediate event TM Buster in the game. Which is really important, since you can use it when the opponent's about to beat a Troublemaker to deny them the points.
Secondly, it banishes the troublemaker. For good! The only other card that banishes a troublemaker is Fluttershy: Monster Tamer , and she costs 4 and only banishes it temporarily.
Third, it's got an amazing 5 flip average. Most TM busters cap out at 4. I can only think of 3 others at 5, two of which are situational and one is Repulsor Blast from the next set.
Fourth, you can choose an opponent's Troublemaker or your own, so you can even use this when your own Epic TM is giving you trouble. Or, again, just to deny your opponent points.
And lasty, it does all of this for 1 AT and 2 req. That's the same as Damsel in Distress , which was already good, but is so, so much better!
This is an insanely good card!
Sorry, Cici. But that's just not very interesting to me. I won't deny it's good, but it's just not exciting.
I think it's plenty exciting…
Awww, I didn't mean to rain on your parade.
It's good that you're excited for it! That means other ponies like you will be too. It's perfectly okay for a card to appeal to you and not to me. We don't need to like the same things.
I mean, I'm the one who likes building silly hat decks, or decks to flip dozens of cards, or even decks built for the sole purpose of trying to flip The card with no name when you're at 14 points!
Yeah, why do you try and do that anyway? You'd win if you'd just not intentionally put that on your deck and flip literally anything else.
Because it's fun!
Weirdo.
There's the Cici we all know and love.
Anyway, I guess that's it for my card. And even if it's not for you, I like it a lot.
Now let's see whether yours can out awesome mine.
Oh, it's not even a contest, Cici. Mine is trillions of times better. Maybe even zillions!
Zillion isn't a number.
That's just how much more awesome it is. Wanna guess why?
Oh, oh, I know.
It's me!
You egotist!
But nope, guess again. You're close, though.
Um… you?
Still close! One more guess!
Uhhh, Rumble? Bulk? Thunderlane? I have no idea.
No, silly. It's both of us!
Weren't we just adorable at that age?
Augh! Where'd they get that picture?
Beats me. They manage to get some really crazy ones.
Like I'm pretty sure some of these pictures are from alternate timelines. How do you even begin to take a picture of that?
Take it away! I don't want everypony to see me as a filly!
But just look at how cute you are! You're smiling and dancing and having a great time. What's not to love?
Besides, it's official card art now. It'll be in everyone's hooves in a month or two anyway, regardless of whether I cover it up now or not.
The other cadets are going to tease me about this for days…
Oh, you big baby. You're tough enough to withstand a little teasing.
Besides, you haven't noticed the best part yet. Check out the flavour text.
“Everything changed the day that Flitter borrowed Cloudchaser's bo—”
It's a lie! Slander! No one can prove anything!
Who do these ponies think they are, sharing private information like that? I'll show them!
Maybe I could bribe them not to release this card? I've got the cash… though I guess everypony already saw it… maybe I could bribe them too?
Augh! How did they even find out about that in the first place? This is just awful!
Sigh, I guess there's really nothing I can do now, is there?
Wow, you just blazed through those five stages.
Anyway, yes, it's totally true. Cloudchaser was the one who originally wore a bow, not me. In fact, it's how we met!
Don't tell them that!
She looked totally awesome in it, and I just had to go up to her and talk about it. Then I asked if I could wear it and, well, I liked it so much I may have decided to keep it.
She was bawling her eyes out when at the end of the day I told her I wouldn't return it, hehe.
It was mine and you stole it, hmph.
But somehow we wound up friends anyway. And we've been besties ever since!
Dunno why I'm best friends with somepony who just goes around blurting secrets to everypony. Hmph.
Awww, I didn't mean to get you so upset, Cici. I was just teasing.
I know what'll cheer you up! Soon as we're done here, I'll tell Pinkie to whip up a huge lemon pudding cake. Just for you!
L-lemon pudding?
No, I'm mad at you.
Aww, Cici…
Hey, no, don't hug me! Gah!
I'm sorry, Cici. I really didn't think you'd get this upset.
…
Still besties?
Yeah…
But that cake better be amazing.
Does Pinkie ever make non-amazing cakes?
So, feel like analyzing the actual card now?
Oh yeah. Probably a good idea.
Hrm. I'm actually not sure we're all that good. Card draw is nice and all, but it's pretty expensive in our case.
I guess as a side benefit if you're going to be Cutie Marking lots of friends, it's not that bad. Not sure it's going to be terribly relevant to cutiemark us, though, at least not without other reasons to do so. Paying 2 for 1 power and 1 card is exactly why Berry Dreams ' card isn't terribly great after all.
You get more maximum handsize too!
Yeah, not sure that's going to matter much.
Well…
Heh, okay, I suppose that's cute. Not great, but cute.
I dunno. Seems like a fairly average card, really. Depends a lot on whether or not Cutie Marking is a part of your strategy or not. And I'm not certain we'll be seeing loads of Cutie Marking decks, you know?
Are you kidding? I'm totally going to make one! Maybe three or ten!
That's not how counting works.
But the most important part? Now I can foalsit myself, hehe.
I…
Why would you even…
Aww, c'mon. That's amazing and you know it.
Goofball.
Though I totally lied before. Know what the actual best part of the card is?
You and I get to be on the same card together!
You know…
That is kind of awesome.
Just wish they didn't decide to do it when we were foals.
Also, you're finally in a colour besides Blue now.
Wait, what?
Did you seriously not notice this was a Pink card?
But I liked always being Blue…
Guess you'll just have to get used to change. Besides, Pink is pretty awesome.
Anyway, that's both our spoilers, so I guess we're done. Ready for that cake now?
Absolutely! Let's go!
Haha, slow down, Cici!
Well, she certainly took off, hehe. I'd better catch up.
Bye, everypony! Hope you liked the spoilers!
Dimitrov to Stalin, 1 July 1934. Original in Russian. Type-written, with handwritten comments by Stalin.
1.7.34
From C. Dimitrov
Dear Com. Stalin!
The enclosed draft outline of [my] speech shows how I see the essence of the speech regarding the 2nd point of the agenda of the congress. In addition, I would like to raise in our forthcoming conversation the following questions:
I. On Social Democracy [1]
1. Whether it is correct to refer to social democracy indiscriminately as social-fascism. By taking such a position, we have frequently blocked our way to social democratic workers. [2]
2. Whether it is correct to consider social democracy everywhere and at all times the main social base of the bourgeoisie. [3]
3. Whether it is correct to consider all leftist s[ocial] d[emocratic] groups as a major threat under any conditions. [4]
4. Whether it is correct to treat all the leading cadres of s[ocial] d[emocratic] parties and of the reformist trade unions indiscriminately [5] as conscious traitors of the working class. One can expect, after all, that in the course of struggle quite a few [6] of today's leading functionaries of the s[ocial] d[emocratic] parties and of the reformist trade unions will choose the path of revolution along with the s[ocial] d[emocratic] workers. It is in our interest to facilitate this transition for them and thus accelerate the transition of the s[ocial] d[emocratic] workers to our side.
5. Whether it is time to abandon useless discussion about the possibility or the impossibility of winning over the reformist trade unions instead of clearly formulating the task for its members to transform these trade unions into an instrument of the proletarian class struggle. [7]
6. The question of unifying the revolutionary and reformist trade unions without making the recognition of the hegemony of the Communist Party a necessary condition. [8]
II. On the United Front
1. The necessity to modify our united-front tactics in response to the changed conditions. Rather than using them exclusively [9] as a maneuver to expose social democracy without seriously attempting to forge a real workers' unity through struggle, we must turn them into an effective factor in developing the mass struggle against the offensive of fascism. [10]
2. The necessity to reject the idea that the united front can only be built from below, and to stop regarding any simultaneous appeal to the leadership of a s[ocial] d[emocratic] party as opportunism. [11]
3. The necessity to launch the active initiative by the masses without petty tutelage of the Communist parties in their relations with the organs of the united front. Not to declare the hegemony of the Communist Party but to assure the actual leadership by the Communist Party. [12]
4. The necessity to radically alter our attitude toward s[ocial] d[emocracy] and non-party workers in all our mass work, agitation, and propaganda. It is essential to go beyond the general statements about the treason of social democracy, and to explain to the workers, concretely and patiently, what the social democratic policy of cooperation with the bourgeoisie is leading to and has already led to. [13] [It is essential] not to dump everything on the s[ocial] d[emocratic] leaders but to point out the responsibility of the s[ocial] d[emocratic] workers themselves, to make then think about their own responsibility and to look for the right way of struggle, etc. [14]
III. Regarding the Comintern Leadership
It is essential to change the methods of work and leadership in the Comintern, taking into account that it is impossible effectively to oversee from Moscow every detail of life of all 65 sections of the Comintern, which find themselves in very different conditions (parties in the metropolis and parties in the colonies, parties in highly developed industrial countries and in the predominantly peasant countries, legal and illegal parties, etc).
It is necessary to concentrate on the general political guidance of the Communist movement, on assistance to the parties in basic political and tactical questions, on creating a solid Bolshevik leadership in the local Communist parties, and on strengthening the Communist parties with workers while reducing the heavy bureaucratic apparatus of the ECCI.
It is essential to further promote Bolshevik self-criticism. Fear of this [self-criticism] has at times led to failure to clarify important political problems (questions of the current stage of the crisis and of the so-called military-inflationary juncture, the assessment and lessons of the Austrian events, etc.).
It is impossible to change the methods of leadership and work in the Comintern without partially renewing the cadres of the Comintern workers.
It is especially essential to secure close ties between the Comintern leadership and the Politburo of the VKP(b).
Footnotes
[1] This subhead is also underlined by hand.
[2] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “As to the leadership – yes; but not ‘indiscriminate.'”
[3] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “Of course not, in Persia.”
[4] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “in the major cap[italist] countries – yes.”
[5] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “Objectively – yes; consciously – some [of them].”
[6] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “‘Quite a few' – not; some – yes.”
[7] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “It is time.”
[8] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “Conditions are necessary.”
[9] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “Against whom is this thesis [directed]?”
[10] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “[We] must.”
[11] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “Nevertheless, the United Front from below is the foundation.”
[12] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “No doubt, but against whom is this thesis [directed]?”
[13] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “Correct.”
[14] In the margin, handwritten by Stalin: “Yes!”
From “Dimitrov and Stalin, 1934-1943: Letters from the Soviet Archives” by Alexander Dallin and F.I. Firsov, pp. 13-16.
Advertisements
https://medium.com/media/dfaf4c1ef3774eeaf838ef20d8b117a7/href
Cute, right? Baby otters! Doesn't it tug on your heart strings to see them behind that fence? Set them free! Animals should be free!
No! They should be locked in cages forever. Those baby otters will grow into adult otters. Some of them probably male. And while the otters in the video happen to be river otters, if adult male river otters are anything at all like adult male sea otters, they should be kept away from all other animals at any cost. Adult male sea otters, it turns out, are horrible, terrible, despicable monsters.
A warning: what you are about to read, should you choose to continue, is much worse than the accounts of otter-on-human attacks that got so much press last year. It comes from a report that Heather Harris of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration recently wrote in the zoology journal Aquatic Mammals about otter behavior she and a team of colleagues observed during a two year study of animals in Monterey Bay in California. You will wish this account was of an isolated incident. It is not. Similar events were observed and logged on 19 separate occasions.
A weaned harbor seal pup was resting onshore when an untagged male sea otter approached it, grasped it with its teeth and forepaws, bit it on the nose, and flipped it over. The harbor seal moved toward the water with the sea otter following closely. Once in the water, the sea otter gripped the harbor seal's head with its forepaws and repeatedly bit it on the nose, causing a deep laceration. The sea otter and pup rolled violently in the water for approximately 15 min, while the pup struggled to free itself from the sea otter's grasp. Finally, the sea otter positioned itself dorsal to the pup's smaller body while grasping it by the head and holding it underwater in a position typical of mating sea otters. As the sea otter thrust his pelvis, his penis was extruded and intromission was observed. At 105 min into the encounter, the sea otter released the pup, now dead, and began grooming.
Grooming! Like some kind of psychopathic serial-murderer human. Like Dexter! Or Christian Bale in American Psycho!
And sometimes, the otters stick around, using the lifeless corpse of their baby-seal victims as sex dolls. Sometimes for as long as seven days! I mean! It's like something out of a Dolcett Girls fantasy post.
Scientists think the behavior might have something to do with a mysterious increase in otter mortality rates, one that seems to be disproportionately claiming females, leaving many males with no one to have sex with. Like some frat house in a Saw movie or something. It probably has to do with global warming. So this is somehow our fault. It sounds like something that would be our fault.
Sea otters! A favorite of animal lovers everywhere! I really don't know what to do. I'll never be able to watch one these of these fascinating, playful animals slide down a muddy embankment or frolic in a bed of kelp or lie on its back, cracking open a clamshell with a rock the same way again. I'm out of exclamation points. I'm just sick about this.
The candidate who raises the most money wins an overwhelming percentage of the time in national U.S. politics. This means that true progressive (and as I've written previously, mainstream, too!) candidate Bernie Sanders has an uphill battle to climb in his 2016 Presidential primary race. As a result, I was particularly trouble when I came across data showing that Bernie Sanders is not doing nearly as well as Hillary Clinton among minority voters. I discussed some possibilities about why this might be on The David Pakman Show:
I received a deluge of feedback with hypotheses about what might be causing this disconnected. Certainly, it's not logical. Bernie Sanders has a rating of over 90 percent on civil rights issues from the American Civil Liberties Union, and is the candidate most feverently (sic) campaigning around issues of wealth inequality, single payer healthcare, climate change as a result of big corporations, education and many other issues that disproportionately affect minority voters. The reality is that Bernie Sanders should have the strongest minority following, based on his policy platforms and positions.
In the midst of the feedback I was receiving, I woke up one day this week to a voicemail from an African-American woman hoping to explain to me why minority communities aren't strongly rallying behind Bernie Sanders, and I admit that her voicemail was disturbing. It wasn't disturbing because she made invalid points about the priorities of minority voting groups, nor because she had any naive misunderstandings about the sad reality of campaign finance or other issues. I was disturbed because the caller seemed to think Bernie Sanders was a Republican. Take a listen:
If voters don't even realize that Bernie Sanders is running as a Democrat, this is real problem, and one that the Sanders campaign should be aware of. A longtime viewer of ours, Jason, wrote in with one idea about this call. As the female caller mentioned, she's from South Carolina. Jason suggested that there is a strong tradition in the south of conservative politicians running as "independents," like Sanders, when there was a strong "Dixiecrat" contingency of voters who would reflexively vote against any candidate running as a Republican. Could the caller have been falling prey to some level of confusion around Bernie Sanders being an "independent" who happens to caucus with Democrats in the Senate?
Conservatives best party to deliver trustworthy government: election poll Monday, March 21, 2011
By Mark Kennedy, Postmedia News
OTTAWA — Canadians believe political honesty should trump economic recovery as the main issue in the next election but — in a major blow to the Liberals — voters rank the Tories as the best party to deliver a government they can trust.
Moreover, while the Liberals are hoping to make political ethics a main theme of the election, they are the last of the three main parties — ranking behind the NDP — that are trusted by Canadians in this area.
These are the findings of an Ipsos Reid poll conducted March 11-15 exclusively for Postmedia News and Global National.
The results are a political bombshell, as MPs begin a historic week of intrigue on Parliament Hill that will be marked by major developments including a budget, an unprecedented vote on whether the government is in contempt of Parliament and a vote late in the week that could lead to the defeat of the government and a spring campaign that ends with a May 2 election.
In the poll, Canadians were given two choices for what they think is the most important issue in the election.
Sixty-three per cent said that “electing a party and leader that will provide honest, open and trustworthy government” is more important.
By comparison, 37 per cent believe that “electing a party and leader that will make sure that our economic recovery continues” is more important.
Those findings, on their surface, should be good news for the Liberals. But in an ironic twist, the very issue the Liberals are trumpeting could backfire on them in a campaign.
Here's why:
• 28 per cent of Canadians believe the Conservatives, if re-elected, would do the best job of “providing honest, open and trustworthy government.”
• 22 per cent believe the NDP would do the best job of this.
• Just 15 per cent say the Liberals would be best at providing honest, open and trustworthy government.
• Seven per cent say the Bloc would be best.
• 29 per cent don't endorse any of the major parties as best to deliver this type of government.
Ipsos Reid president Darrell Bricker said the poll shows the Liberals were right to identify the correct issue for the campaign, but apparently neglected to ensure it would be a political winner for them.
“You can see people want to have ethical government. They're not wrong about that. What they (the Liberals) are wrong about is seeing themselves as the people who are capable of delivering it. The proof is not there for the public.”
Bricker said it appears the Liberals are still haunted by the sponsorship scandal, also known as “Adscam,” that blew up in the dying days of the Chretien government several years ago.
In the scandal, it was revealed that Liberal-friendly advertising firms in Quebec were receiving funds for work that was either questionable or non-existent. Furthermore, there was evidence of kickbacks in which firms that received government money contributed funds to the Liberal party.
The opposition Conservatives pounced on the scandal as proof the governing Liberals were corrupt and it ultimately led to the defeat of Paul Martin's government in 2006.
Matt Bucklin used to be addicted to cigarettes. And like a lot of people, he wanted to stop but had a hard time quitting. He says herbs helped him give up lighting-up for good, and now he wants to help others quit smoking and start sipping.
“I quit smoking using detoxing herbs from the health food store. I lost my taste for cigarettes and had the idea that a tea would be the best way to deliver the herbs,” Bucklin told CNBC.
CNBC's “Power Pitch” gave Bucklin the CEO and founder of Quit Tea 60 seconds to serve his big idea to a panel of experts that includes former chain smoker and restaurateur Joe Bastianich, and Chris Schroeder, former CEO of Healthcentral.com.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The Center for Disease Control and Prevention says there are about 43.8 million smokers in the U.S. and more than 68 percent say they want to quit.
Bucklin's Quit Tea website makes it sound pretty simple:
"Quit smoking start sipping."
The tea Bucklin, a former pharmaceutical analyst, wants smokers to start sipping is a potent smelling concoction of herbs you've probably heard of including cinnamon, oregano, cayenne pepper, fennel, ginger, licorice root, St. John's wort and others. What the ingredient list does not include is nicotine or any other drug. Unlike the popular gum Nicorette, nicotine patches or electronic cigarettes that deliver small doses of nicotine designed to wean people off the fix they get from cigarettes, the herbal tea Bucklin is selling does not actually treat nicotine addiction.
Schroeder had a simple question for the Quit Tea founder: “Is this something that really helps people to quit smoking?”
Story continues
“It's all about reconditioning the habit to replace it with something else,” answered Bucklin, “The idea is that there are going to be triggers for you to want to smoke the rest of your life but eventually you can change those triggers to do something else, like go make a cup of herbal tea."
Bucklin's website recommends about three to five cups a day and the box suggests drinking the tea over a nine-week period.
RELATED: The smart phone app that kick starts weight loss while grocery shopping
“I put nine weeks on there because there is a lot of research that suggests that you can create a new habit within nine weeks,” Bucklin said.
The Quit Tea website includes no independent data on the number of users who actually quit, and the tea that's labeled as a "smoking alternative" includes this disclaimer on every box:
“*These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and this product is not intended to “diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.” Nicotine addiction is a disease and you may want to consult a physician before quitting smoking.
Smoke-free competition
Quit Tea faces some stiff competition from pharmaceutical companies with FDA-approved products that are proven to help smokers quit by addressing nicotine addiction. GlaxoSmithKline--maker of Nicorette, NiQuitin and Nicorette--markets gums, lozenges, oral strips and patches that deliver controlled amounts of nicotine to users. While Pfizer (PFE) markets a nicotine inhaler called Nicotrol and a non-nicotine prescription medication called Chantix that targets nicotine receptors in the brain.
Infusing shelves with Quit Tea
Despite all the competition, Bucklin has managed to get his Quit Tea onto shelves at select Whole Foods stores (WFM), independent health food stores and Walgreens.com (WAG)
A box of Quit Tea includes 20 tea bags and retails for around $11.
Related: Meet the US Marine who's happy to help make you dinner
The self-funded start-up is a bootstrap operation. Bucklin said his most effective marketing has been Quit Tea's free sample program.
“I put it up when I first started selling because I wanted everybody to try a cup of tea before making the decision to buy and go ahead with it," said Bucklin. The program quickly went from sending out about 50 tea bags a week to 10,000 a month.
Bucklin told CNBC that he sells on average 500 boxes per month wholesale, and retail sales for 2013 are approximately $70,000.
Founded in 2011, Quit Tea is headquartered in Los Angeles. Bucklin serves as its only full-time employee and investor- self funding the company with less than $75,000.
See Matt Bucklin @mhbucklin of @QuitTea deliver a 60-second “Power Pitch” to restaurateur Joe Bastianich @jbastianich, entrepreneur and VC Chris Schroeder @cmschroed, and CNBC host Mandy Drury @mandycnbc.
See MattBucklin @mhbucklin of @QuitTea deliver a 60-second “Power Pitch” to restaurateur Joe Bastianich@jbastianich, entrepreneur and VC Chris Schroeder (cmschroed), and CNBC host Mandy Drury @mandycnbc.
--Additional reporting by Erin Barry and Ray Parisi
--Comments, questions, suggestions? We'd love to hear from you. Follow us @CNBCPowerPitch, and join the #PowerPitch conversation on Twitter, or post your comments below.
