Spoiler like it seems like I was about the Palutena 'leak'
Okay after reading over everything, I'd appreciate a link to where the DLC claims got disconfirmed. I thought they were iffy after knowing the guy on /v/ just swipped everything from a Skype chat and leaked it without permission, but never really got a feel for whether the DLC was something bogus he threw in for shits and giggles or something that was actually said in that original chat.Still 99% we're getting Mewtwo, 90% sure about Ridley and Dixie and fairly sure about Impa and Mach Rider. No fucking way NeoZeo or the source he's regurgitating information from 'guessed' that elaborate shit about Shulk, Bowser Jr. or Duck Hunt Dog, though I guess they could be wrong about what's unlockable and what's been pushed back as DLC. Absolutely willing to have my face rubbed in this if I'm wrongStill expect to see Ice Climbers and Chorus Boys as DLC though. Way too many leaks that obviously knew something mention the latter and the IC are already repped with a polar bear in Smash Run. Could just be while their two-in-one mechanic is doable on the 3DS, it needed more dev-time to properly implement without constraining them too much (like Olimar's pikmin cuts) and Sakurai felt prioritizing other characters was better. Also means since the Wii U version's still in development it gives the team more time to get a proper balance between making them still fun and true to previous versions while making sure they function properly on the 3DS version (Rosalina's luma seems a bit more simplistic AI-wise and got newcomer priority).Also leave it to Sakurai to make a character I like look fun as all hell, though we're almost definitely getting those Koopalings alts since you can even see a Larry trophy with him in the same exact clown car he's otherwise never been in. Only letdown is the veteran cuts I'm less sure we're getting back as DLC now, Ganondorf still being OLD MAN FALCON and Shulk looking a bit too close to Link and Marth besides his neutral B.
Father's Day is quickly approaching and the yearly sales are quickly coming in. The newest one is from Verizon and they are offering a deal that will get your dad (or maybe yourself) a new phone and a brand new smart TV. All you need to do is pick up two of Samsung's flagship phones and you should be able to get a free 50″ television. Verizon is also offering multiple other Samsung related and unrelated Father's Day deals.
Below are all of the deals that Verizon is offering for Father's Day:
Free 50″ Samsung Smart TV. Beginning today, get a free 50” Samsung Smart TV when you buy two Samsung GS7, GS7 edge, or Note 5 devices on Device Payment and activate at least one new line.
Beginning today, get a free 50” Samsung Smart TV when you buy two Samsung GS7, GS7 edge, or Note 5 devices on Device Payment and activate at least one new line. Free Gear VR. Get a Free Samsung Gear VR with Oculuar VR experience content, a $150 value, when you buy a Samsung GS7, GS7 edge, or Note 5. The Gear VR headset changes the smartphone experience you know today and puts you in virtual worlds, games, 360-degree videos and images.
Get a Free Samsung Gear VR with Oculuar VR experience content, a $150 value, when you buy a Samsung GS7, GS7 edge, or Note 5. The Gear VR headset changes the smartphone experience you know today and puts you in virtual worlds, games, 360-degree videos and images. Free 32″ Samsung Smart TV. Also starting today for a limited time, get a free 32” Samsung Smart TV when you buy a Samsung GS7, GS7 edge, or Note 5 on Device Payment and activate a new line.
Also starting today for a limited time, get a free 32” Samsung Smart TV when you buy a Samsung GS7, GS7 edge, or Note 5 on Device Payment and activate a new line. $100 bill credit when you purchase a new smartphone** . The offer applies to any smartphone purchased on device payment when you switch to Verizon. You can combine it with the $650 offer to switch to Verizon.
. The offer applies to any smartphone purchased on device payment when you switch to Verizon. You can combine it with the $650 offer to switch to Verizon. Switch to Verizon and receive up to $650 to pay off your old phone or contract when you trade in your phone for a new one*** . If you're switching to Verizon you can also receive up to $650. What's the fastest way to score these savings? Stop by a Verizon store to complete your trade and learn about your savings.
. If you're switching to Verizon you can also receive up to $650. What's the fastest way to score these savings? Stop by a Verizon store to complete your trade and learn about your savings. Get movin' n grovin' with Fitbit and Bose. Starting today, the Bose SoundLink Mini Bluetooth Speaker II will be $179.99 (normally $199.99) and Fitbit Blaze will be $179.99 (normally $199.99). The discounted pricing will be available for the month of June as part of Verizon's accessory of the month promotion.
There is, of course, a lot of fine print that goes with each of these deals. As far as the free Samsung 50-inch smart TV deal, the only phones that qualify are the Samsung Galaxy S7 , S7 Edge, and Note 5. Additionally, one of the two lines must be new and both lines have to be active for at least six months. Make sure to visit the link below for all the details on Verizon's Father's Day deals.
[Verizon]
An ISIS commander threatened to kidnap Lebanese women and children and end negotiations over the captive servicemen unless his wife and children, detained by authorities last week, are released soon.
Shishani denied what he said were claims that the woman was ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's wife, saying that Oqaily was his wife and the mother of his two children; a 4-year-old and a 6-month-old infant.
The prominent ISIS fighter issued a stern warning to the Lebanese Army and Lebanese citizens, saying he would kidnap women and children unless his wife was released.
Shishani spoke about the case of the 26 policemen and soldiers held by Nusra Front and ISIS, warning that he would end negotiations unless the Qatari mediator, tasked by Doha to follow up on the matter, resolved the case once and for all.
...
In our first article, we discussed the problems facing CPU scaling and how neither multi-core nor heterogeneous many-core designs are a long-term solution. This follow-up addresses what the semiconductor industry is doing about it. It's a question best answered in two parts: Near-term innovations (think 3-5 years out) and longer-term research initiatives.
Near-term, the ITRS (International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors) is focused on what's referred to as “More-than-Moore” (MtM) scaling. The goal of MtM scaling is to extend the same design principles that've driven digital device scaling for decades over to analog circuitry, and to integrate those technologies on-die within an SoC/SiP. The goal of MtM scaling is to increase system-level power efficiency and capabilities, provide a coherent, regular roadmap for the relevant technologies, and increase device complexity. The original proposal that laid out the MtM concept states “it is the heterogeneous integration of digital and non-digital functionalities into compact systems that will be the key driver for a wide variety of application fields, such as communication, automotive, environmental control, healthcare, security and entertainment.”
A recent article at the New York Times discussing the use of medical devices capable of interfacing with a mobile phone is a timely example of exactly the sort of integration More Than Moore is meant to address. Instead of focusing strictly on the CPU as the enabler of experiences, MtM emphasizes integration and efficiently designing every component. As the MtM paper states, “Whereas More Moore may be viewed as the brain of an intelligent compact system, ‘More-than-Moore' refers to its capabilities to interact with the outside world and the users.”
The original MtM proposition didn't discuss converting analog circuits to digital ones, but Intel's recent description of a fully digital radio in an ISSCC 2012 paper is another demonstration of the theory. Existing smartphone radios have digital basebands but rely on analog circuits for most other components. Analog transistors are more difficult to scale than their digital counterparts, which is part of why a true digital radio makes sense. Intel's paper claims it's possible to effectively shield the CPU and radio from interfering with each other — previously, this obstacle would've prevented such a combination.
One of the most striking characteristics of current semiconductor research is how completely the search for lower-power devices has subsumed the old clockspeed obsession. 0W has become the new 1GHz; success is measured in how long your chip spends in its lowest-possible power mode and how quickly it transitions. Performance, the old God of Computing is now merely an efficient means to achieve the lowest possible minimal power usage.
Intel's research into digital radio and Near Threshold Voltage (NTV), Samsung's PenTile displays, which use an RG-BG subpixel configuration rather than the conventional RGB-RGB stripe, 3D chip stacking, and increased SoC integration are all examples of how industry focus has shifted to a device-centric viewpoint. The work in this area, however, isn't limited to mobile hardware. The K supercomputer, designed by Fujutsi and Riken, was fine-tuned for power efficiency by matching power supply output to the optimal voltage requirements of each physical CPU. The research team estimates that this saved ~1MW of power and reduced operating costs by ~$1M USD per year.
Futjitsu's approach may never translate directly to the PC or mobile industries, but it's indicative of how manufacturers are looking in non-typical areas to find ways to reduce power consumption and improve efficiency. It dovetails with research projects into improving multi-core and many-core designs and ties to features as diverse as Intel's TSX extensions in Haswell and the idea of implementing programs directly in hardware as a way to leverage increased transistor counts.
These are the sorts of projects and initiatives we expect to dominate device cycles for the next 3-5 years. Past that point, the situation changes.
Next page: The long-term picture
Rate This
For music fans, it's all about being able to say that they were there at the Newport Folk Festival when Dylan went electric.
For baseball fans, it's being able to say that they were at Dodger Stadium when Sandy Koufax pitched his perfect game.
But when it comes to theme park fans, what do they brag about? These folks like to say that they actually got to experience Hard Rock Park.
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
Six years ago this week, that ill-fated theme park opened off of U.S. 501 in Myrtle Beach. And while this 55-acre entertainment complex had several cutting-edge attractions as well as plenty of brand recognition (not to mention the direct involvement of some of the biggest names in Rock history), just six months later the place was shuttered.
"Which really was a shame. Given that this theme park had such smart design. Not to mention attractions unlike any other on this planet," Josh Young of ThemeParkUniversity.com explained during a recent phone interview. "Take -- for example -- 'Nights in White Satin: The Trip.' Guests entered this dark ride by passing through a beaded curtain. And after they'd been issued a pair of 3D glasses, these people were then sent on a re-creation of a psychedelic experience (acid trip). This multi-sensory attraction -- which coupled sights, sounds and smells with a re-orchestrated version of that iconic Moody Blues song which Justin Hayward personally put together -- was cited by many in the themed entertainment industry as the best ride of 2008."
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
"In addition to 'Nights,' there was also a steel roller coaster blaring 'Whole Lotta Love' from 32 on-board speakers in a train shaped like an actual Led Zeppelin," Young continued. "Next door was 'Maximum RPM' where guests hopped aboard British convertible sports cars where instead of going up a traditional inclined lift hill, vehicles rotated upwards in the world's first Ferris Wheel style lift."
However, while most of the rides were one-of-a-kind, the true heart of Hard Rock Park was entertainment. This theme park featured a country music-themed ice skating spectacular, a stunt show themed to roadies setting up a concert, live bands playing in every section of the park and even their own costumed characters: The "Bear Metal Family".
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
Why did a project that started out with such promise crash & burn so quickly? According to Josh, it starts with the project's mismanaged marketing.
"You remember how -- in "Field of Dreams" -- that mysterious voice in the cornfield whispered to Kevin Costner 'If you build it, they will come' ? Well, that's not how the theme entertainment industry works," Young stated. "When you're opening a brand-new theme park, months ahead of time, you must build awareness by buying print ads in major publications. You also need TV commercials making people aware of where your park is located. Not to mention hyping the attractions that they'll then get to experience should these people ever actually come visit your park."
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
"The folks behind Hard Rock Park did very little of this. Since 17 million people were already vacationing annually in the Myrtle Beach area, they figured that they didn't really need to advertise. To management's way of thinking, if they managed to persuade less than 20% of those people who were already vacationing in & around Myrtle Beach to come experience Hard Rock, their theme park would have been a financial success right from the get-go," Josh continued. "But that didn't happen. Consequently a theme park that had been designed to accommodate 20,000 - 30,000 people per day wound up having an average daily attendance of just 2,000 people. The theme park's marketing -- the fact that so few folks knew that Hard Rock Park even existed -- really got this project off to a rough start."
And the irony of this whole situation is that those who actually went to Myrtle Beach to experience Hard Rock Park wound up loving the place.
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
"What made the park stand toe-to-toe with the big dogs like Disney & Universal were the details." Young reminisced, "Take -- for example -- the carousel in the British Invasion section of this theme park. The first time I heard Rod Stewart's 'Do Ya Think I'm Sexy' being played by a calliope, I laughed my ass off."
But then again, the Summer of 2008 was an awful time for the entire theme park industry. With gas prices at an all-time high (not to mention numerous ominous hints of the Global Financial Collapse that would eventually arrive that Fall), people were really watching their pennies at this point. Which is why it was probably the exact wrong time for Hard Rock Park to roll out yet another one of its innovations. Which was that every Guest 3-and-up paid the exact same price to enter this theme park.
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
"Now what's actually kind of funny about this whole situation is that -- because the designers of Hard Rock Park were determined to create a theme park that the whole family could enjoy together -- this place had very few attractions that had any height restrictions," Young continued. "And given that a 3 year-old could now experience just as many rides as an adult who was visiting Hard Rock Park could ... Well, that's one of the main reasons management felt justified in rolling out that everyone-3-and-up-pays-the-exact-same-admission-price policy."
In the end, it was that lethal combination -- this theme park's mismanaged marketing, the sudden spike in gas prices, tourists significantly cutting back on their vacation spending due to the pending financial collapse as well as would-be visitors balking at Hard Rock Park's one-price-for-everyone admission policy -- that ultimately did the place in. And no amount of star power (This theme park's grand opening on June 2nd featured a live concert by the Eagles & the Moody Blues) was going to turn this situation around.
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
So in spite of the great reviews Hard Rock Park got (Chris Haslam of the Times of London lavishly praised this theme park for its " ... nerdy attention to detail, startling irreverence and sly wit"), by August of 2008, the handwriting was already on the wall. Even though they kept presenting this park's nightly lagoon show (a fireworks-and-laser extravaganza themed around Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody"), Hard Rock managers began creeping in this theme park's closing time from 1 a.m. to 10 p.m. And soon after that, Hard Rock Park became an only-open-on-weekends operation.
Come the Fall of 2008, since its investors weren't willing to sink any more money into the property and were willing to take a write-off, Hard Rock Park management had no choice but to shutter a full month ahead of its originally-announced November 2008 seasonal closing date. After laying off most of its employees and then going over the books, HRP managers were forced to file Chapter 11.
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
If you're going strictly by attendance levels as well as the amount of money this theme park pulled in during its brief life span, then Hard Rock Park clearly was a failure. If -- on the other hand -- you're going by what happened in themed entertainment circles after 2008 ... Well, that's where this story gets complicated.
Long story short: In the months that followed, themed entertainment professionals beat a path to the door of Renaissance Entertainment, LLC (i.e., the Celebration, FL-based company that designed Hard Rock Park as well as riding herd on many of the rides, shows and attractions that were created expressly for this Myrtle Beach project). Specifically because they now wanted that same sort of innovative entertainment at their theme parks.
Copyright HRP USA LLC. All rights reserved
"If there was a silver lining to the financial cloud that hung over this project, it was the fact that some of our friends at Disney and Universal were able to make it out that summer to see the Park. Industry veterans I greatly respect were highly complimentary of the product," said Jon Binkowski, Hard Rock Park's Chief Creative Officer. "In fact, many of the designers, fabricators and managers of Hard Rock Park went on to work on the wildly successful Wizarding World of Harry Potter and new Disney offerings yet to be unveiled."
"We had an awesome team. Everyone agreed that if Hard Rock Park just had the capital to survive and build its business, within a few years it could thrive and be an enormous success. But, unfortunately, we did not have the 'mother ship' to help us through the tough times of 2008." Binkowski continued. "In the meantime, the property in Myrtle Beach is waiting for its time to shine again."
Copyright NBCUniversal. All rights reserved
Speaking of which ... In an especially cruel coda to the Hard Rock Park story, this long-abandoned, weed-filled theme park recently was featured in an episode of "Revolution" (playing -- what else? -- but a long-abandoned, weed-filled theme park). And the number of people who watched this particular installment of that NBC nighttime drama was probably 100 times the number of people who actually visited Hard Rock Park during the six months it was open to the public back in 2008.
For further information on Hard Rock and why this once promising theme park spun in, please visit ThemeParkUniversity.com.
News Release 510-486-4019 •
Scientists used one of the world's most powerful electron microscopes to map the precise location and chemical type of 23,000 atoms in an extremely small particle made of iron and platinum.
The 3-D reconstruction reveals the arrangement of atoms in unprecedented detail, enabling the scientists to measure chemical order and disorder in individual grains, which sheds light on the material's properties at the single-atom level. Insights gained from the particle's structure could lead to new ways to improve its magnetic performance for use in high-density, next-generation hard drives.
What's more, the technique used to create the reconstruction, atomic electron tomography (which is like an incredibly high-resolution CT scan), lays the foundation for precisely mapping the atomic composition of other useful nanoparticles. This could reveal how to optimize the particles for more efficient catalysts, stronger materials, and disease-detecting fluorescent tags.
Microscopy data was obtained and analyzed by scientists from the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) at the Molecular Foundry, in collaboration with Foundry users from UCLA, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and the United Kingdom's University of Birmingham. The research is reported Feb. 2 in the journal Nature.
Atoms are the building blocks of matter, and the patterns in which they're arranged dictate a material's properties. These patterns can also be exploited to greatly improve a material's function, which is why scientists are eager to determine the 3-D structure of nanoparticles at the smallest scale possible.
“Our research is a big step in this direction. We can now take a snapshot that shows the positions of all the atoms in a nanoparticle at a specific point in its growth. This will help us learn how nanoparticles grow atom by atom, and it sets the stage for a materials-design approach starting from the smallest building blocks,” says Mary Scott, who conducted the research while she was a Foundry user, and who is now a staff scientist. Scott and fellow Foundry scientists Peter Ercius and Colin Ophus developed the method in close collaboration with Jianwei Miao, a UCLA professor of physics and astronomy.
Their nanoparticle reconstruction builds on an achievement they reported last year in which they measured the coordinates of more than 3,000 atoms in a tungsten needle to a precision of 19 trillionths of a meter (19 picometers), which is many times smaller than a hydrogen atom. Now, they've taken the same precision, added the ability to distinguish different elements, and scaled up the reconstruction to include tens of thousands of atoms.
Importantly, their method maps the position of each atom in a single, unique nanoparticle. In contrast, X-ray crystallography and cryo-electron microscopy plot the average position of atoms from many identical samples. These methods make assumptions about the arrangement of atoms, which isn't a good fit for nanoparticles because no two are alike.
“We need to determine the location and type of each atom to truly understand how a nanoparticle functions at the atomic scale,” says Ercius.
A TEAM approach
The scientists' latest accomplishment hinged on the use of one of the highest-resolution transmission electron microscopes in the world, called TEAM I. It's located at the National Center for Electron Microscopy, which is a Molecular Foundry facility. The microscope scans a sample with a focused beam of electrons, and then measures how the electrons interact with the atoms in the sample. It also has a piezo-controlled stage that positions samples with unmatched stability and position-control accuracy.
The researchers began growing an iron-platinum nanoparticle from its constituent elements, and then stopped the particle's growth before it was fully formed. They placed the “partially baked” particle in the TEAM I stage, obtained a 2-D projection of its atomic structure, rotated it a few degrees, obtained another projection, and so on. Each 2-D projection provides a little more information about the full 3-D structure of the nanoparticle.
They sent the projections to Miao at UCLA, who used a sophisticated computer algorithm to convert the 2-D projections into a 3-D reconstruction of the particle. The individual atomic coordinates and chemical types were then traced from the 3-D density based on the knowledge that iron atoms are lighter than platinum atoms. The resulting atomic structure contains 6,569 iron atoms and 16,627 platinum atoms, with each atom's coordinates precisely plotted to less than the width of a hydrogen atom.
Translating the data into scientific insights
Interesting features emerged at this extreme scale after Molecular Foundry scientists used code they developed to analyze the atomic structure. For example, the analysis revealed chemical order and disorder in interlocking grains, in which the iron and platinum atoms are arranged in different patterns. This has large implications for how the particle grew and its real-world magnetic properties. The analysis also revealed single-atom defects and the width of disordered boundaries between grains, which was not previously possible in complex 3-D boundaries.
“The important materials science problem we are tackling is how this material transforms from a highly randomized structure, what we call a chemically-disordered structure, into a regular highly-ordered structure with the desired magnetic properties,” says Ophus.
To explore how the various arrangements of atoms affect the nanoparticle's magnetic properties, scientists from DOE's Oak Ridge National Laboratory ran computer calculations on the Titan supercomputer at ORNL—using the coordinates and chemical type of each atom—to simulate the nanoparticle's behavior in a magnetic field. This allowed the scientists to see patterns of atoms that are very magnetic, which is ideal for hard drives. They also saw patterns with poor magnetic properties that could sap a hard drive's performance.
“This could help scientists learn how to steer the growth of iron-platinum nanoparticles so they develop more highly magnetic patterns of atoms,” says Ercius.
Adds Scott, “More broadly, the imaging technique will shed light on the nucleation and growth of ordered phases within nanoparticles, which isn't fully theoretically understood but is critically important to several scientific disciplines and technologies.”
The Molecular Foundry is a DOE Office of Science User Facility. The research was primarily supported by the Department of Energy's Office of Science.
###
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel Prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. For more, visit http://www.lbl.gov.
DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov.
Additional information:
Image caption Andrew Hall organised food drops to stricken farmers in other parts of England and Wales
A Lincolnshire farmer has set up a scheme to help stricken farms in other parts of the country.
Andrew Ward, from Leadenham, set up the Forage Aid Initiative after heavy snow in March left many farmers struggling to feed their animals.
So far the scheme has transported 21 lorry-loads of hay and silage to farmers in Cumbria, Wales, Devon and North Yorkshire.
One farmer who benefited from the scheme said it was a "life-saver".
Mr Ward, an arable farmer, said he started the scheme in April when he realised the haylage he had in his barn could be of use to farmers who were suffering shortages.
'Food parcels'
"I started by donating the last of my bales of haylage," he said. "I then put some adverts over the internet and in Farmers Weekly to see if others wanted to do the same."
He said in the four weeks the scheme has been running, around £75,000 of forage has been donated.
In addition, haulage companies have donated their vehicles and drivers to transport the forage to the farmers.
"You just have a job to comprehend the hardship those farmers and their animals are enduring," said Mr Ward.
"The family of one farmer I spoke to was living off food parcels because the money he would normally spend on food for his children, he was spending on his animals."
Rhodri Evans, a cattle farmer in North Wales, accepted 13 silage bales to feed his cattle.
He said: "The scheme is a life-saver - not just for the farmers but for the cattle as well. For Andrew to think about sending stuff to people he doesn't know is amazing."
Mr Hall plans to continue the scheme for a further two months. However, he is now looking for help to administer it.
He is remembered as an aggressive player on the cricket field, a charmer off it and a person whose story inspires us all.
Cricketer Yuvraj Singh's journey, his successful battle against cancer has been captured in a three-part series Zindagi Abhi Baaki Hai to be aired on national television. His foundation has joined hands with Colors to film a documentary on his fight against cancer.
The show will also be simulcast on MTV India.
Though Yuvraj was initially reluctant to air the time he spent at the hospital, the cause for the documentary made him change his mind.
“Initially, we were just filming how I felt during that phase. I believe it is a great way to spread awareness about the disease and motivate people to battle it. It's a great thought and way of expression,” Yuvraj told cricketcountry.
In Zindagi Abhi Baaki Hai, Yuvraj will narrate his experience with cancer.
The show reveals his story from the first moment of shock on finding out that he has a rare form of cancer earlier this year, to his absolute grit and determination as he emerged a winner.
"Each part of the (three-part) series has its own meaning. I have shot whatever I could. In that stage whatever I have gone through in the past six to seven months, it's going to show the highs and lows," Yuvraj told reporters.
Describing the clips that were shot during his battle with a rare form of germ cell cancer in the US, Yuvraj told IANS, "We were just filming my moods — how I was feeling. When I grow old, I can actually see what happened to my life."
All proceeds of the show will go to Yuvraj's YOUWECAN Foundation, that works towards cancer awareness.
Besides focusing on the cricketer's struggle, the documentary will also feature inspirational stories of other cancer patients. In an interview to Hindustan Times, Yuvraj says, "...the rich don't talk about it (cancer) when it happens to them, while the poor don't even realise when they are ill. I want to tell people not to be scared of cancer.
Raj Nayak, CEO, Colors, believes Yuvraj's success story needs to reach people. "I'm personally a huge fan of Yuvraj. He is an inspiration for the youngsters. Many people want to hide if they have cancer as they feel it's a sort of taboo. Yuvraj is a national icon who went public about it. This story must be told, which is an inspiration and hope for everyone," Nayak told IANS.
The channel is yet to decide a date for airing the series.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
‘Game of Thrones' cast gets no scripts, star says
FILE - This file image released by HBO shows Nikolaj Coster-Waldau as Jaime Lannister in an episode of "Game of Thrones." At an appearance on the Scandinavian chat show "Skavlan," Coster-Waldau revealed the unprecedented measures now being implemented to plug any leaks of top-secret story details during filming of the series' final season. (Macall B. Polay/HBO via AP, File)
The need-to-know policy for the “Game of Thrones” cast is going to extreme lengths during filming of the series' final season. When it comes to keeping scripts under wraps, producers are taking no chances, according to Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, who plays Jaime Lannister in the wildly popular HBO fantasy thriller.
Speaking on the Scandinavian chat show “Skavlan,” Coster-Waldau revealed the unprecedented measures now being implemented to plug any leaks of top-secret story details.
He recalled that during the first couple of seasons, actors got the usual hard-copy scripts in advance. Then, to tighten security, scripts were distributed on digital files. In recent seasons, actors got their parts through verified email.
Then, a few months ago, HBO was hacked and various show files were stolen. The culprits demanded a ransom of several million dollars to prevent episodes from being leaked online.
According to Coster-Waldau, security for this final “Game of Thrones” season is the tightest yet. Actors in each scene are equipped with earpieces and are fed their dialogue to deliver, line by line.
“We're not even going to get the script,” he said.
HBO has not yet announced the airdate for this eighth and final “Game of Thrones” season.
The Strats team at Standard Chartered is hiring expert typed FP developers for Haskell dev roles in London.
This is a “front office” finance role – meaning you will work directly with traders building software to automate and improve their efficiency. The role is very development focused, and you will use Haskell for almost all tasks: data analysis, DSLs, market data publishing, databases, web services, desktop GUIs, large parallel tasks, quantitative models, solvers, everything. There may be a small amount of C++ or F# on occasion. This is a fast paced role – code you write today will be deployed within hours to hundreds of users and has to work.
You will join an expert team in London, and significant, demonstrable experience in typed FP (Haskell, OCaml, F# etc) is strongly preferred. We have more than 2 million lines of Haskell, and our own compiler. In this context we look for skill and taste in typed API design to capture and abstract over complex, messy systems.
Experience writing typed APIs to external systems such as databases, web services, pub/sub platforms is very desirable. We like working code, so if you have Hackage or github libraries, we want to see them. We also like StackOverflow answers, blog posts, academic papers, or other arenas where you can show broad FP ability.
The role requires physical presence on the trading floor in London. Remote work isn't an option. Ideally you have some project and client management skills — you will talk to users, understand their problems, and then implement and deliver what they really need. No financial background is required.
More info about our development process is in the 2012 PADL keynote, and a 2013 HaskellCast interview.
If this sounds exciting to you, please send CVs to me – dons00 at gmail.com
Advertisements
Cheesy kale chips satisfy my lingering cravings. You see, I have a love of salty, snacky things – popcorn popped in coconut oil and sprinkled with sea salt and nutritional yeast, cheese and apples, these homemade potato chips, these seaweed snacks. And while I do my best to avoid snacking (following the recommendations of this book), sometimes the urge creeps up anyway. I reach for kale chips, those wonderful crispy bites of green and spice.
I've tried many a kale chip and have found my self, many times, disappointed. And while kale chips may be oh-so-passé, I can't help but share my very favorite version with you. They're crisp, and cheesy (though they don't actually contain any dairy) and full of umami goodness.
How to Make Cheesy Kale Chips
Mild white miso, nutritional yeast, dulse flakes (a type of seaweed, see here), garlic sea salt and olive oil form the flavoring for these kale chips, and that combination of sweet-sour-salty miso and nutritional yeast lend a soft cheesy flavor to these kale chips. After mixing the seasoning, massaging it into the kale, you simply spread the seasoned kale onto your dehydrator's trays, dry them until crispy and serve. It's impossibly easy.
Using a Dehydrator for Your Kale Chips (and where to find one)
Some recipes call for roasting kale chips in the oven, but, if you have one, use a dehydrator (you can find good ones online). Favoring a dehydrator allows you to maintain even, low temperatures, while drying kale chips in the oven runs the risk of cooking them through or unevenly. Nevermind that good quality dehydrators can be used for many, many things: super green veggie powder, homemade fruit roll-ups, herbs, homemade bouillon, making raw milk yogurt, raising bread.
The Issue of Raw Kale
And before you rise to arms and leave comment after comment about my using raw kale: What about goitrogens?!? What about oxalates?!?, let me say just a few words. Sturdy greens and cruciferous vegetables are beautiful foods, loaded with vitamins and antioxidants, but they (like all foods) can be potentially problematic. Instead of fearing our food, we should understand it, enjoy it and eat a varied diet.
Kale Chips and Oxalates
Certain raw greens like kale as well as many other raw vegetables and fruits (like strawberries, parsley, sorrel, beets, elderberry, leeks, sweet potatoes, figs, need I go on?) contain a high level of oxalates – which in susceptible people or when eaten to excess – can contribute to pain and the formation of kidney stones. However, some evidence suggests that microflora in the gut can help to mitigate the effects of oxalic acid which is why it's always good to 1) not consume foods that cause you problems, 2) never consume any single food to excess, and 3) eat fermented foods and take a good probiotic (you can find therapeutic-grade probiotics online).
Kale Chips and Goitrogens
Kale, like many cruciferous vegetables, can be goitrogenic; that is, it can interfere with thyroid function in susceptible people who consume it to excess (read more about goitrogens here).
And for the Good News
Kale is rich in antioxidants like quercetin, beta carotene and loads of flavonoids. It is also a good source of vitamin C, minerals, folate and other B vitamins. As kale is so extraordinarily rich in antioxidants, it helps to reduce oxidative stress and may help in the prevention of inflammatory conditions. And if you're no cheesy kale chip fan, try these other kale recipes: kale and white bean soup, kale and chorizo soup, sauteed greens with garlic.
MONTREAL — Yvan Cournoyer still remembers the last time there were no Canadian teams in the NHL playoffs and hasn't forgiven the Detroit Red Wings for their part in making it happen.
That was in 1969-70, when the two-time defending Stanley Cup champion Montreal Canadiens missed the playoffs for the first time in 22 years on what Cournoyer believes was foul play by the Red Wings.
“We didn't like them too much,” Cournoyer said this week. “If there had not been an agreement between Detroit and New York, we would have been in.”
Cournoyer's Canadiens found themselves battling the New York Rangers for a playoff spot in the final days of the 1969-70 campaign.
At the time, the league had only 12 clubs, the “Original Six” in one division and the six teams from the 1967 expansion in the other. The top four from each division made the playoffs.
The Canadiens lost their next-to-last game, leaving the door open for the Rangers to tie them for fourth place. The Red Wings, having reportedly partied hard after clinching their own playoff berth, decided to sit out some top stars in their regular season finale, which New York easily won 9-5.
That tied the Rangers in points and wins with Montreal, and gave them the lead in the next tie-breaker — goals scored.
In their final game, the Canadiens fell behind 5-2 to Chicago. Coach Claude Ruel pulled goalie Rogie Vachon with nine minutes left in a desperate bid for goals, but it backfired in a 10-2 defeat. The Rangers got the final berth with a two-goal cushion.
Cournoyer believes the Red Wings let New York win in order to keep the Canadiens out of the post-season.
“You respect other teams,” he said. “I don't think we would do that.
“It's against our principles. I think they found out after that we weren't happy with that. They didn't win too many games against us after that.
“We had the personnel to win the Cup. We had some guys hurt and we had some bad games, but it's a different story in the playoffs.”
The Toronto Maple Leafs finished a distant sixth, leaving no Canadian team in the playoffs for the first time.
Porter Robinson and Madeon's collaborative “Shelter Tour,” has been astounding to say the last, but truth be told, it is only temporary. With most collaborations or alias' artists can only tender to their duo side as much as possible or for a limited time. This goes for Madeon and Porter who have successfully achieved quite a collaborative effort on their recent endeavors. For fans, it's sad to realize, but for those who experienced it live, watched music history in the making.
In an interview with SiriusXM's Tommy West on BPM about the project, Porter and Madeon confirmed that they would part ways after. “What makes it special is that we're gonna go back to our solo projects,” Madeon says. “We know that this is a transient moment and we are taking it all in and enjoying it immensely, but we know that once this is it, it's it.”
Porter Robinson added some sentiment, saying: “From the start, we wanted everyone to appreciate this whole experience as something that was temporary, once-in-a-lifetime. We want the whole thing to feel like a blink. One single song, one single tour, and then it's over.”
Their joint efforts and incredible display of teamwork definitely gave us something to remember!
In Puerta del Sol square, in the heart of Madrid, a group of pensioners armed with megaphones had gathered to angrily denounce the government's failure to protect their savings. Nearby, past the street hawkers and the tourists, a young man quietly entered the fourth day of a hunger strike.
These two small-scale protests this month show that anger in Spain – at corruption, recession, debt, the lost generation – has scarcely abated since a group calling themselves the "indignados" occupied Puerta del Sol in May 2011. Now, a new political party, Partido X, has emerged from the protests, with the intention of breaking the hegemony of the People's party (PP) and the Spanish Socialist Workers party (PSOE) that have taken turns to run the countryfor the last 30 years.
"In Spain there is a political class that, at best, doesn't understand the needs of civil society, and at worst is completely corrupt and bankrupt. They have to go," said Simona Levi, a theatre director, actor and longtime political activist who has become something of a spokeswoman for the party.
The PP and PSOE have lost millions of voters since the crisis began five years ago, and it is this space that Partido X wants to occupy. The careers of the prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, and the PSOE leader, Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba, were formed in the 1980s, when the country was firmly divided between left and right. Their rhetoric is that of two old boxers, endlessly trying to knock out their opponent and unaware that many have long since tired of watching them fight.
"They are dead. It's just no one has bothered to give them the death certificate," said Gonzalo Boye, editor of the satirical magazine Mongolia. "Spain is the Titanic and the government is the musical band."
Jorge Arzuaga continues his hunger strike in Plaza del Sol. Madrid. Photograph: Vallejo/Demotix/Corbis
The chief focus of attack is corruption. Listing the number of open investigations into financial and political corruption is almost impossible. At national and regional level, at least 130 politicians of all stripes are facing charges ranging from pillaging state coffers to handing family members plum jobs. But that barely scratches the surface, and is reflected in the social standing of politicians, with poll after poll putting them at the bottom of the ladder.
The hunger striker, Jorge Arzuaga, who was with the indignados at the start of their heady journey, said the venality of the entire political class is the target of his anger. "It is my way of saying I've had enough of this corrupt government. Every day the situation gets worse, and it's time for change," he said.
Partido X is positioning itself as a force for such change. Like many young parties, it is light on policy proposals in some areas, but says it has its sights set on tackling corruption with a "Nuremberg-style trial for bankers" and a dedicated anti-fraud unit, and to bring in more participatory democracy, with regular referendums.
The party promises to provide financial aid for Spain's small businesses, increase the minimum wage and introduce a maximum wage so no boss can earn more than 10 times his or her staff. These, and various other measures, may earn a shake of the head from the financial sector, but could appeal to those who have been left on the margins.
Unlike the traditional parties in Spain, Partido X understands the power of the internet, and its members have been using social media to spread their message and gather funds as well as ideas.
Simona Levi, right, and fellow Partido X member Joaquin Pagola formally unveil the party at a press conference in Madrid. Photograph: Gerard Julien/AFP/Getty Images
The party refuses, however, to be drawn on whether it is of the left or right. It describes itself as "progressive", a rejection of old-style politics. Partido X has not yet committed to putting forward candidates in next year's European elections or Spain's general elections in 2015, but believes it could have millions of supporters by then.
Its aim, said Levi, is not just to get "one poor soul elected in order to send them to Brussels to waste their time". The party hopes for 25% of the vote, which most observers say is fanciful. But with so many disaffected voters, Partido X believes its time has come.
Levi said the party was still in the process of drawing up its programme, but added: "In all elections from now on, the voice of the people will be heard. We are working on our policies, listening to our supporters, and then we will find the right people to stand."
Asked whether the party was Eurosceptic, she said: "We are following our route map, and if Angela Merkel doesn't like what we have to say, that's up to her. Maybe Germany will be the only country left in the euro."
Many have drawn comparisons with the Five Star movement led by the comedian Beppe Grillo, which stormed the Italian elections last year. Levi, who was born in Italy, agrees there are some similarities, and that the two groups have been in contact, but says Partido X is keen to avoid being led by a populist, charismatic leaderand sees itself as a "party of, and for, the citizens of this country".
Partido X may eschew traditional forms of leadership, but Levi is an increasingly recognisable face, and the party has the support of Hervé Falciani, the former HSBC employee who blew the whistle on tax evasion in Switzerland. On board as an adviser is Tarso Genro, the governor of the Brazilian state Rio Grande do Sul and an ally of ex-president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
The sociologist Alejandro Navas, from the University of Navarra, has studied the indignados and understands the appeal in a country where youth unemployment has forced many educated Spaniards to leave. "We tell young people the world is theirs, but then the adult world doesn't allow that to happen. There is a shortage of jobs, and the ones that are out there often have low salaries and short-term contracts."
There is a contradiction inherent in Spain, said Navas: "Young people reject politicians, but they also expect a lot from the state. There is a lot of pessimism and resignation, which it will be hard to break." He is equivocal about whether Partido X can break that mood, and whether its activist base can come to terms with mainstream politics. But, he said, "change will only come from the ground up, from small parties and organisations."
Are you a light-blue collar worker? That is, a university-educated employee who earns only a bit more than an unskilled worker after accounting for all your extra hours. Or are you someone who has a seemingly prestigious job that, in truth, is like turning up to a sweatshop each day?
Technology, outsourcing and globalisation are turning some traditional white-collar office jobs into lower-paid labour, more akin to some types of blue-collar work. A crude distinction, I know, but consider how many white-collar jobs are being downgraded these days.
Are you questioning your career?
Take university lecturing as an example. Once among the most revered white-collar jobs, it has become a production line, at least for sessional or part-time academics at some universities who are paid a pittance, despite the great responsibility of teaching young minds.
A sessional academic with two masters degrees might earn $320 for a two-hour lecture. That sounds great, until you realise the academic spent a day preparing the lecture. Do the math and they might be on $30 an hour – less than the local barista earns on a public holiday, or the water-truck driver at a remote mine.
Chancellor George Osborne. Photo via
This article originally appeared on VICE UK
Three weeks ago George Osborne delivered his budget speech to parliament. Since then, we've been picking over just how disastrous the details will be for the worst off in our society. Now a new report from the Runnymede Trust highlights the disproportionate impact the Treasury's policies will have on Britain's Black and Minority Ethnic (BME) communities.
BME people already face economic inequality in today's Britain, but the analysis carried out by the Runnymede Trust suggests several distinct areas where it is set to get worse over the next five years as the fully-Conservative budget is implemented.
It has been widely reported that those in low-income groups, regardless of their ethnic background, are likely to suffer cuts to their weekly income. The Institute for Fiscal Studies, for example, have shown that 13 million households are set to be in a worse position following this budget. If we were to (wrongly) assume that White households and BME households were equally affected by the changes to come, approximately 1.25 million BME households and 4 million BME people would be worse off.
On VICE Sports: The End of Hulk Hogan
But, as if that weren't bad enough, people of color are over-represented in the poor working-class. To take just one indicator, the average White British household has assets of around £221,000 [$335,000] compared to £21,000 [$33,000] for Black African households and £15,000 [$23,000] in Bangladeshi households. Relatively speaking, very few people of any ethnicity will benefit from the increase of the inheritance tax threshold to £1 million [$1.5 million], but it's even more unlikely if you're from a BME background.
On the other hand, you're way more likely to be concerned about the changes to Child Tax Credit criteria that mean Black British and Asian families will see a cut to their income if they've decided to have more than two kids. 24 percent of Black and Asian families have three of more children, compared to 8 percent of White families.
Even if you have what is deemed an acceptable amount of children by the government, your benefits aren't safe. The proposed lowering of the cap on benefits disproportionately affects people from BME backgrounds. The Runnymede Trust already noted during the last parliament that 40 percent of people hit by the benefits cap would be BME.
Surely the government checked to see whether its policies discriminate against particular communities before they brought them to parliament? Well, kind of. A Treasury spokesperson said: "HMT has fully considered equality impacts on different protected groups."
If a government were pursuing policies with the express intention of harming BME people, you'd call that racist. So what about a government that says it has taken BME people into account but is still disproportionately harming them? Insofar as we even need to, can we "officially" stick the racist label on the government's actions?
Britain's anti-discrimination legislation, the Equalities Act 2010, explicitly sets out to "require Ministers of the Crown and others when making strategic decisions about the exercise of their functions to have regard to the desirability of reducing socio-economic inequalities."
It's difficult to see where the 2015 budget pays much regard to "reducing socio-economic inequalities" at all, least of all in relation to how BME people are likely to be impacted. Other than the pernicious logic of pushing most people to the brink in the vain hope that they will all somehow buck up their ideas and become millionaires, the budget definitely reads more like a manifesto for increasing socio-economic inequalities than one for curbing them.
The problem goes even further. Not only does it seem like the government isn't fulfilling its duties under the act. The specific "protected characteristic" of race is disproportionately impacted by this budget. That means there may be a case for describing the budget—and austerity as a whole—as racism, even in the eyes of the law.
Under the narrow definition of discrimination that the legislation covers, you don't have to be a card-carrying member of the National Front screaming racist slogans in the street to be a racist. It also counts when your racism is hidden—say perhaps in the way that sweeping policies could come to harm some ethnic groups over others.
The classic example, in this case of age discrimination, goes like this: a school asks one of its longest serving and older staff members to take a cut in hours due to financial constraints. They come to an agreement where to make up for the lost hours, they will inform her of any future positions that became available at the school. But when a position becomes available, the school's advert says, "would suit candidates in the first five years of their career."
That last bit is where the indirect discrimination comes in. They've stipulated a practice, policy or rule that, while applying to everyone in the same way, indirectly discriminates against those of the staff member's age group. When this happened in real life, an Employment Tribunal rightly decided that this constituted discrimination.
Shouldn't the budget be held to the same standards? If it has been shown that the practice, policy or rule of the Treasury means that 50 percent of Pakistani children and 40 percent of Bangladeshi children live in poverty before the new changes even come in, there seems to be a little indirect discrimination taking place. And where half of all overcrowded households in Britain are BME, the cuts in housing benefit entitlement among under 21s can only serve to make this worse.
A few months ago when they were trying to secure votes, the Conservatives lead with the slogan "A Brighter, More Secure Future." It'll come as little surprise that they didn't mean for that to apply to everyone, and mainly just their business-savvy friends. But as they rush headlong into implementing their dream budget, it's becoming easier to see just who they're willing to leave behind, especially when it comes to race.
Follow Wail on Twitter.
There was quite a large article posted on leaks from the next Skyrim DLC yesterday here and as more info has come out, we've filtered out what we THINK is the most accurate. (Updated)
Again, I want to point out that this is a reported 'leak' from a beta tester and we are going off of what they claim, so treat this as a rumor (and of course this info will be spoiler filled if true).
Click Here - If you want to read the article that offered a large chunk of speculation and another update on the PS3 DLC status.
Click Here - If you want to see the official Dragonborn DLC Trailer with screenshots.
Click Here - If you want to see the official Dragonborn DLC Screenshots and details released by Bethesda.
First off, a few leaked images (bad quality tv shots) from gameplay, then we'll get to the details.
Achievements:
Outlander - Arrive on Solstheim (20 G)
Raven Rock Owner - Own a house in Raven Rock (20 G)
Solstheim Explorer - Discover 30 Locations on the island of Soltheim (30 G)
The Temple of Knowledge - Complete "The Temple of Miraak" (20 G)
The Path of Knowledge - Complete "The Path of Knowledge" (20 G)
At the Summit of Apocrypha - Complete "At the Summit of Apocrypha (40 G)
Hidden Knowledge - Learn the secrets of 5 Black Books (40 G)
Stalhrim Crafter - Craft an item out of Stalhrim (20 G)
Dragon Aspect - Learn all 3 words of Dragon Aspect (20 G)
DragonRider - Tame and Ride 5 dragons (20 G)
New Shouts:
Cyclone - creates a small tornado (that is pretty funny to use)
Bend Will - force a dragon to fight with you.
Dragon Riding - player hasn't gotten to this one yet.
Dragon Aspect - creates the dragon armor from trailer and gives stronger shouts, stronger melee attacks and summon Ancient Dragonborn to fight with you when you get low on health. Can only be used once per day.
Battle Fury - like Elemental Fury but for NPCs
Start of the DLC:
Cultists of Miraak are searching for the false dragonborn (you), and when they find you they attempt to kill you. Assuming you kill them first, you find a note on them that tells you what they are doing and where they came from. You find their boat docked at Windhelm and proceed to Solstheim.
You don't have to complete the main quest to start the DLC, but the character of Miraak has different dialogue if you have already killed Alduin.
The size of Solstheim is about equal to the reach and has its own seperate map.
Player is about 30+ hours in and not finished yet, though said one could probably rush through the main quest in 10 hours.
New Locations added:
(Hubs): Raven Rock (can buy a player home there), Tel Mithryn (can buy a player home there as well), Skaal Village (follower is from here + is a new marraige candidate)
(Imperial Forts): Fort Frostmoth, Ashfallow Citadel, Highpoint Tower
(Shacks): Hrodulf's House, Abandoned Lodge
(Caves): Frostmoon Crag (home to werewolf pack that you can talk with if you are one), Bristleback Cave, Castel Karstaag Caverns & Ruins, Glacial Cave, Benkongerike, Frossel, Hrothmun's Barrow
(Landmarks): Brodir Grove, Altar of Thrond, Stalhrim Source, Horker Island (Island of Lord Tusk)
(Nordic Ruins): Kolbjorn Barrow (quest to help excavate), Bloodskaal Barrow, Vaholok's Tomb, Gyldenhul Barrow.
(Dwemer Ruins): Nchardak, Kagrumez, Fahlbtharz
(All-Maker Stones): Earth Stone, Watern Stone, Wind Stone, Beast Stone, Sun Stone
(Others): Northshore Landing Dock, Old Attius Farm, Snowclad Ruins, Headwaters of Harstrad, Moesring Pass, Bujold's Retreat, Haknir's Shoal, Saering's Watch, Thirsk Mead Hall, Broken Tusk Mine, Damphall Mine, & Miraak's Temple.
(In Skyrim): Last Vigil
New Creatures & Baddies:
Werebears - no word on whether the player can become one yet, but all have been hostile so far. They transform into the bear after being near them a short time.
The Morag Tong - They seem to act more like Silver Hand encounters where you fight against them a bit and have random encounters of them. No ability to join with them so far. Hostile Dunmer in Morag Tong armor.
Serpent-like creature - Player won't describe this excactly, though says one is pictured in the trailer and won't give its exact name either.
Lurkers - Extremely tough and frustrating enemies with plenty of health and dish out a lot of damage. Good challenge. About the size of giants and they are creatures that have 'slipped' into Tamriel from H. Mora's realm.
Ash Spawn - officially mentioned and pictured in Bethesda's releases.
Rieklings - officially mentioned and pictured in Bethesda's releases.
New Dragon types encountered.
New Dwemer automation - a walking dwarven ballista.
New Weapons & Armor:
Deathbrand Armor - similar to stalhrim
Two Unique Scimitars you can get by the end of the quests
Bonemold Armor - Officially mentioned by Bethesda (heavy armor)
Chitin Armor - Officially mentioned by Bethesda (possibly a light armor)
Stalhrim Weapons and armor - Again, officially mentioned (many of these you can glimpse in the trailer and screenshots)
Carved Nordic Armor & Weapons - a heavy armor
Spears - I know there are some waiting for info on spears, but Bad News: Only the Reiklings have used them so far and if the player picks them up, they go into inventory as arrows.
Morag Tong Armor - another light armor you can get off of attackers.
New Thieves Guild Armor - though said to just be a non-buggy Linwe's Armor.
Robes - Telvanni Robes and Miraak's Robes
New Spells/Enchantments:
Poison Rune
Whirlwind Cloak
Ash Shell - lets you encase enemies in ash (paralyze) or slow them down with damage.
Waterwalking - back in enchantment and potion form
A new Ring that allows resurrected creatures to explode into frost and fire damage.
Staff Enchanting
New Active Effect - from H. Mora's realm you can find a book that lets you choose from three active effects: Mora's Mercy, Mora's Wrath and Mora's Agony. You can return to the realm and choose a new effect if you want to replace it (sounds like a similar thing to the effect Parthurnax gives you, or the one you receive for the Nightengale quest) There are five books total, with three options per book, you can get five effects in all supposedly.
New Summoning power - player doesn't want to spoil what it is, but says it's cool.
Summon Spells - 3 mentioned:Ash Guardian, Ash Spawn, Seeker
Other Notes:
Bethesda did a great job with Hermaeus Mora's Realm. Twisting Hallways, walls with many books, a dark twisted look. HM is an integral part of the DLC.
There is one quest that involved Thalmor, you can scare them off of Solstheim.
All the great Dunmer houses exist, Hlallu is shunned due to its ties with the Empire, Redoran is the primary house on Solstheim, Telvani doesn't have a big presence. The Tribunal still exists, though not in the form shown in Morrowind. And you get a chance to join house Telvanni and get a home in a gaint mushroom.
And last some random short comments mentioned: Delvin Mallory is Sapphire's Uncle (you will meet her father/his brother), Burnt Spriggans, Captain Falx Carius, Gratian Caerullius, King of the Little People, Mind Control, Serpents, Telvani Master Neloth.
A new quest you can start if you are level 81: Ebony Warrior
I will update this article with new information, so follow me on Twitter (@the_xaraan) for the latest. Update: (after latest edit) The source has said 'he' is "done posting spoilers and that he did so because he thought Bethesda has been pretty stingy about info for something people will be buying in less than a week and haven't known exactly what they will get." Hopefully the info he provided will help people make that decision. Adding that he thinks this "is the best DLC Bethesda has put out." As for this article: If I find any info elsewhere, or more screenshots, I will post them (and have already added more pics). Bethesda themselves have contacted us, asking for our source; so whether this means this info is accurate or just part of an elaborate troll job from them is up to you to decide.
Skyrim fans, be sure to check out our free webcomic series:
A Journey Through Skyrim,
coming out every tuesday (currently at issue 17 and nearing 500 pages of adventure).
News is slowly seeping its way into the press regarding the incredible discovery and excavation of the SS City of Cairo, a World War II British Merchant Navy vessel sunk in the South Atlantic at the height of the Battle of the Atlantic. The stories surrounding the City of Cairo are numerous with an entire book, Goodnight, Sorry for Sinking You, having been written about her sinking and the travails of her survivors. The City of Cairo was traveling from Bombay, India to the UK with stopovers in South Africa and Brazil and among her cargo of 7,422 tons were 2,000 boxes of silver Indian rupees stowed in the Number 4 hold.
In addition to the general cargo and precious metals, the City of Cairo carried 150 passengers with a total complement of 311 souls aboard. Sighted by U-68, a German U-boat captained by Karl-Friedrich Merten, the City of Cairo was quickly dispatched on the night of November 6, 1942 by two torpedoes. Six lives were lost in the initial evacuation into six overcrowded lifeboats. Interested in learning what vessel he had sunk and what she was carrying, Merten surfaced his U-boat to speak with the survivors. He directed them to the closest land and closed with the now semi-famous words, “Goodnight, sorry for sinking you.”
The survivors then began what would become an epic and tragic fight for survival. Unfortunately, the boats rapidly lost touch with one another in the vastness of the South Atlantic. One group consisting of three boats with 155 survivors was picked up on November 19th after thirteen harrowing days at sea. The group had nearly made it to their destination of St. Helena which was 500 miles from the point of sinking. Another group of only 2 survivors was picked up on December 27th only 80 miles from the coast of Brazil. The original group of 17 had sailed nearly 2,000 miles before being rescued. The third group of three survivors were rescued by a German blockade runner, Rhakotis on December 12th. One of the survivors perished aboard the Rhakotis. For the two survivors, their story became even stranger when, on January 1, the Rhakotis was herself intercepted and sunk by Allied warships. Thankfully, the two were rescued and brought home safely to the United Kingdom. In all, 104 persons died as a result of the sinking.
Public information is very limited as the salvors have sought a low profile with the project, but the salvage company Deep Ocean Search is claiming to have recovered 100 tons of silver coins from the wreck of the City of Cairo over the last few years. If true, then it is quite an accomplishment as the wreck lay in 17,000 feet of water and days of sailing from the closest port. The photos of the wreck and coins provided by Deep Ocean Search are quite stunning. There has been no word on whether the company intends to make the coins available for sale or is melting them for sale into the precious metals market.
Advertisements
Peyd Away! |
Popular Basketball Terms Pinoys Use
By Jon Rodriguez
Basketball has taken a life of its own in the Philippines, where rubber flip-flops trump crisp Air Jordans, and packs of ice tubig pass off as energy drinks.
Arguably the country's most popular sport, basketball in the Philippines has birthed its own style, its own quirks and, of course, its own language.
Here are 8 terms you should master if you wish to cement your legacy as a Filipino “Liga Legend.”
SWAK
Use when: That eargasmic moment when a basketball drops clean and meets the bottom of the net.
Not to be confused with the smoother sounding “swish,” the Filipino version “swak” denotes that something fell perfectly into place. A free parking slot made available just for you right smack in front of the mall entrance, or a rice combo meal that fits the budget–that's “swak.”
BAKAW
Use when: You want to call out a player exhibiting symptoms of becoming blind and not seeing teammates, forcing difficult shots against multiple defenders, and hogging the ball waaaay too much. (See also: buwaya)
BEK
Use when: You want to ask for the ball back while working on your shooting at pre-game warm ups.
Ball back. Ball bek. Bek! Get it? Apir! Better have a shooting buddy to rebound your bricks and pass the ball back to you. Calling out “bek, shoot!” is also used when you're making consecutive shots and you want to keep the momentum going.
PATAY BUTIKI
Use when: A shot attempt hits nothing but the side of the backboard.
“Patay butiki” is not something you want to hear from hecklers when you take a baseline jumper. Reports of a poor lizard actually being killed when this term was coined remain unconfirmed.
Peyd Away! |
Popular Basketball Terms Pinoys Use PANIS Use when: Your defender just got pwned via an in-your-face three-pointer, or when converting on a contested layup. “Panis” is best used in rubbing it in to your opponent's bruised ego after making a spectacular play. ALA-HOY Use when: A player gets up in the air and throws a wild shot that miraculously goes in. Ala-hoy is the Filipino version of the circus shot, and there's no amount of defense, and prayer, that can stop it. BUTATA Use when: An offensive player's field goal attempt is sent back violently, most often by a defender who's got bamboo poles as arms. Butata is sometimes also called “piso!”—both serving the same purpose of dishing out shame to opponents. PEKTUS Use when: A player uses his wrists to spin the basketball to go inside the basket. The pektus is most often seen in undergoal stabs, reverse layups, and ala-hoy attempts. Got any other uniquely Pinoy basketball terms to share? Do tell us about them in the comments section!
This piece originally appeared at The Huffington Post.
Not long after the Patriot Act was passed in 2001, I had dinner with the late Senator Paul Wellstone in Washington, who was a stalwart defender of civil liberties throughout his career. I asked him how he could have possibly voted for a law that so vastly expanded the government's spying powers. He told me that he was facing a tough election, but as soon as it was over he'd invite my organization, the American Civil Liberties Union, to testify before Congress about the Patriot Act's flaws and the threats it presented to privacy and civil liberties. “We'll work together to get this repealed,” he promised. Unfortunately, that day never came, as the senator tragically died in a plane crash in October of 2002.
Almost 13 years later, the most egregious part of the Patriot Act, Section 215 – which underlies the National Security Agency's call-records program – is scheduled to expire on June 1. Some legislators want Congress to reauthorize it in its current form – Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has just introduced a bill that would do exactly that, extending it for another five years. Others want to make relatively minor changes. Congress shouldn't do either of these things. Unless Congress can coalesce around far-reaching reform, it should simply let the provision expire.
Almost 13 years later, the most egregious part of the Patriot Act, Section 215 – which underlies the NSA's call-records program – is scheduled to expire on June 1. Unless Congress can coalesce around far-reaching reform, it should simply let the provision expire.
Congress hurriedly enacted the Patriot Act just weeks after the September 2001 attacks. Few legislators read the 321 pages of proposed legislation; many simply concluded that the political climate necessitated that they vote for the bill, even if they didn't understand it.
Predictably, the Patriot Act has been at the root of many of the most serious abuses of government spying powers. It was the Patriot Act the FBI relied on to vastly expand its use of “national security letters,” which the FBI now issues thousands of times every year to obtain information about innocent Americans who have no connection to terrorism. It was the Patriot Act the government relied on to conduct clandestine searches in investigations having nothing to do with terrorism. It was the Patriot Act the government invoked to permit the FBI to disregard the Fourth Amendment's usual requirements – criminal probable cause, a particularized warrant – in ordinary law enforcement investigations. And it's the Patriot Act the government is now using to justify the NSA's call-records program.
mass surveillance under the Patriot Act
The NSA uses Section 215 of the Patriot Act to collect information – who called whom, when, and for how long – about most phone calls made or received on U.S. telephone networks. The surveillance is staggering in its scope and many, including the legislator who wrote the Patriot Act, believe the surveillance is unlawful. The surveillance is also, apparently, ineffective. Both a review group appointed by the president and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board concluded, after analysis of classified files, that there was no evidence at all that the NSA's massive surveillance program had ever played a pivotal role in any investigation.
Allowing Section 215 to sunset is a crucial first step if we want to ensure that this unlawful and ineffective surveillance finally ends.
The current sunset debate is our first opportunity as a society to grapple with the mass-surveillance programs revealed by Edward Snowden, and we can't afford to let this opportunity pass us by. The whole point of including sunset provisions in the original Patriot Act was to force Congress – and the country – to reconsider the government's surveillance powers once more was known about their implications for civil liberties. Now we understand at least some of these implications – and they're chilling. If we don't allow Section 215 to sunset, we risk making permanent a “new normal” of government surveillance and extending surveillance programs that haven't yet been – and may never be – disclosed to the public.
The Patriot Act's upcoming expiration date gives us a new opportunity to make good on Senator Wellstone's promise. Letting the provisions sunset would protect Americans' privacy without compromising security. It would also be a first step towards the kind of systemic reform we desperately need – reform that would end the government's dragnet surveillance practices, foreclose warrantless surveillance of Americans' communications, require a degree of transparency about programs that haven't yet been disclosed, and subject those as-yet-undisclosed programs to judicial review.
Equally important, letting the provisions sunset would send a broader message that, after more than a decade in which national security could be invoked to justify the unconstrained expansion of virtually any government power, Americans are committed to restoring common-sense limits on the government's national security powers and requiring that our intelligence agencies operate without disregard for privacy and civil liberties.
A few years ago jQuery was the best practice for Javascript/frontend development. Getting started with jQuery was as simple as creating an index.html document, include jQuery and start writing code.
Today, the frontend ecosystem has evolved. To get started with React you have to learn and configure NPM, webpack, babel AND React.
It is overwhelming to have to learn that many new technologies at once. And when talking to people and reading about webpack/babel, you get the impression it's difficult.
I want to show you that it is not as complicated as it seems at first. Try out this tutorial step by step to see for yourself!
What we are going to do
We are going to set up a simple React project from scratch using the following tools:
webpack 3 for building
babel for transpiling React and ES6
npm for running the app and dependency management
Even tough our setup is simple it is going to be a production-ready setup.
What about CRA?
You have probably heard of create-react-app (CRA) which is an official tool to start a new React project. The recommended way to get started for newbies is to use CRA, but there are many reason to set up your own build setup with webpack/babel/NPM:
CRA supports ejecting, which gives you a generated webpack config that you can edit. It is well documented but can be a pretty tough start to learn webpack anyway. For me personally, I learn best to code things from scratch! The underlying technologies of CRA are webpack/babel/NPM. To master React you want to know how it works under the hood. CRA does not support building an app with more advanced features such as server side rendering. You need to either “eject” from CRA, or set up the project from scratch.
Set up a new NPM project
Let's start by creating a new NPM project:
mkdir react-starter cd react-starter npm init
npm init will ask you a bunch of questions. Just press enter for the defaults. If you want, you can later change the config it generates by editing package.json that is created by this command.
Create a JavaScript source code file
Next, we are going to create our minimal React app and HTML file.
import React from "react"; import ReactDOM from "react-dom"; class HelloMessage extends React.Component { render() { return <div>Hello {this.props.name}</div>; } } var mountNode = document.getElementById("app"); ReactDOM.render(<HelloMessage name="Jane" />, mountNode);
src/app.js
<!DOCTYPE html> <html> <head> <title>React starter app</title> </head> <body> <div id="app"></div> <script src="bundle.js"></script> </body> </html>
dist/index.html
We have created two directories: src and dist.
src is the directory will contain our source files
is the directory will contain our source files dist is the directory we will configure webpack to put the compiled JavaScript files. To keep things simple, we put the index.html file straight in the dist folder because it's static and don't need to go through webpack.
Create the webpack 3 config file
Our webpack config file looks like this:
const webpack = require('webpack'); const path = require('path'); const config = { entry: './src/app.js', output: { path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'), filename: 'bundle.js' }, module: { rules: [ { test: /\.(js|jsx)$/, exclude: /node_modules/, use: 'babel-loader' } ] } }; module.exports = config;
webpack.config.js
It contains the following:
The file src/app.js that we created previously is the entry point The file dist/bundle.js is the output file. The module section describes how webpack should transpile the code. It uses the babel-loader for all files that has a .js or a .jsx extension. In the next step we will configure babel-loader.
Add babel config
Babel is a highly configurable tool to transpile JavaScript. We are going to use a subset of babels features: transpiling ES6 and React JSX.
Our webpack config uses babel-loader to run babel which uses the regular babel config file.
We configure babel like this in the file .babelrc:
{ "presets": ["es2015", "react"] }
.babelrc
Now we have all the files we need
This is an overview of the files and folders we have created:
. ├── package.json ├── dist │ └── index.html ├── src │ └── app.js └── webpack.config.js 2 directories, 4 files
Add dependencies
Before we run the application we must add NPM dependencies:
npm install --save-dev webpack npm install --save-dev babel-loader npm install --save-dev babel-core npm install --save-dev babel-preset-es2015 npm install --save-dev babel-preset-react npm install --save react npm install --save react-dom
Our dependencies are now installed and our package.json file is updated with dependency information.
Run it
We are going to use NPM to start the build with webpack. Add this to the script area in package.json:
"scripts": { "dist": "webpack -p" },
Let's run it and see what happens:
npm run dist
It works!
Now open up the file index.html in your browser. If you are on a Mac, you can do it with this command: open dist/index.html
Now we see “Hello, Jane” in the browser. It is rendered through React and built with webpack/babel! It feels good to have 100% control on how the app is built!
What's next
Next step is to add styling, utility libraries, etc to your webpack build. I created a tool for automatically generating a webpack config based on your specific needs: https://webpack.jakoblind.no/
It's very convenient when starting a new project. You just select what you need and there is a step-by-step instruction for using it. And it's free and open source!
Tired of copy/pasting? Get the full code for this tutorial by subscribing below.
According to the Media Committee for Palestinian Prisoners' Hunger Strike -- a joint committee formed by the Palestinian Prisoner's Society (PPS) and Palestinian Committee for Prisoners' Affairs -- said that a number of prisoners being held in solitary confinement in Ramla prisons had stopped drinking water to protest attempts by the Israeli Prison Service (IPS) to suppress the hunger strike. According to the Media Committee for Palestinian Prisoners' Hunger Strike -- a joint committee formed by the Palestinian Prisoner's Society (PPS) and Palestinian Committee for Prisoners' Affairs -- said that a number of prisoners being held in solitary confinement in Ramla prisons had stopped drinking water to protest attempts by the Israeli Prison Service (IPS) to suppress the hunger strike.
The committee identified one of the prisoners as Nasser Uweis. The committee identified one of the prisoners as Nasser Uweis.
Head of the Palestinian Committee for Prisoners' Affairs Issa Qaraqe released a statement Wednesday saying that IPS forces had “continued to escalate punitive measures” against prisoners, which Head of the Palestinian Committee for Prisoners' Affairs Issa Qaraqe released a statement Wednesday saying that IPS forces had “continued to escalate punitive measures” against prisoners, which started on the first day of the strike , with IPS forces transferring prisoners and leaders of the strike to solitary confinement, and preventing lawyers from visiting prisoners, particularly sick prisoners.
According to Qaraqe, IPS officials have continued preventing prisoners -- some of whom are refusing all forms of nutrition except salt and water -- from accessing commissaries to purchase salt, provided prisoners with dirty sheets and covers, and carried out provocative search raids of prisoners rooms, and arbitrary transfers of prisoners. According to Qaraqe, IPS officials have continued preventing prisoners -- some of whom are refusing all forms of nutrition except salt and water -- from accessing commissaries to purchase salt,
Lawyers from the committee, Tamim Yunis and Yamin Zeidan, also announced that they had filed an appeal to an Israeli court in Haifa to allow them visit the longest-serving Palestinian prisoner, hunger striker Karim Yunis . Lawyers from the committee, Tamim Yunis and Yamin Zeidan, also announced that they had filed an appeal to an Israeli court in Haifa to allow them visit the longest-serving
The committee noted in statement that “all legal efforts are still being conducted by legal institutions to enable lawyers to visit Palestinian prisoners on hunger strike.” The committee noted in statement that “all legal efforts are still being conducted by legal institutions to enable lawyers to visit Palestinian prisoners on hunger strike.”
Qaraqe added that officials from the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) -- which is in charge of coordinating with Israeli authorities to arrange family visitations for Palestinian prisoners -- would be visiting prisoners on Thursday to check on their health conditions. Qaraqe added that officials from the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) -- which is in charge of coordinating with Israeli authorities to arrange family visitations for Palestinian prisoners -- would be visiting prisoners on Thursday to check on their health conditions.
The ICRC, according to Qaraqe, would be increasing the size of their field crews, as many prisoners had been transferred to prison field hospitals and clinics due to the deterioration of their health conditions. The ICRC, according to Qaraqe, would be increasing the size of their field crews, as many prisoners had been transferred to prison field hospitals and clinics due to the deterioration of their health conditions.
Hunger-striking prisoner Nael Ali Najjar, from the Gaza Strip, told the committee that he had lost five kilograms since the beginning of the strike. Najjar is currently being held in solitary confinement in Israel's Nafha prison. Hunger-striking prisoner Nael Ali Najjar, from the Gaza Strip, told the committee that he had lost five kilograms since the beginning of the strike. Najjar is currently being held in solitary confinement in Israel's Nafha prison.
Additionally, Qaraqe reported Tuesday evening that hunger-striking Palestinian prisoner Muhammad Abd al-Rabbu “started bleeding,” though the nature of his bleeding remained unclear. Additionally, Qaraqe reported Tuesday evening that hunger-striking Palestinian prisoner Muhammad Abd al-Rabbu “started bleeding,” though the nature of his bleeding remained unclear.
BETHLEHEM (Ma'an) -- A number of hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners being held in solitary confinement began refusing water on Wednesday, as more than 1,500 Palestinians entered the 10th day of the mass “Freedom and Dignity” hunger strike.
The International Committee of Red Cross (ICRC) meanwhile visited Palestinian hunger strikers in Nafha, in order to monitor the conditions in which they were being held, as well as to transmit verbal messages from the prisoners to their families.
Meanwhile, the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) announced that prisoner Samer al-Issawi and several other party-affiliated prisoners held in Nafha prison would join the hunger strike on Thursday. Meanwhile, the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) announced that prisoner Samer al-Issawi and several other party-affiliated prisoners held in Nafha prison would join the hunger strike on Thursday.
The other DFLP prisoners were identified as Hussein Dirbas, Wajdi Judeh, Munther Snawbar, Hamzeh Dirbas, Haitham Antari, Hassan al-Bzur, Abd al-Rahman Mahmoud, Ayman Bisharat and Mutasem Yassin would be joining the strike alongside al-Issawi on Thursday. The other DFLP prisoners were identified as Hussein Dirbas, Wajdi Judeh, Munther Snawbar, Hamzeh Dirbas, Haitham Antari, Hassan al-Bzur, Abd al-Rahman Mahmoud, Ayman Bisharat and Mutasem Yassin would be joining the strike alongside al-Issawi on Thursday.
Both al-Issawi and Snawbar Both al-Issawi and Snawbar ended an 11-day hunger strike last November after reaching an agreement with IPS officials regarding the treatment of female Palestinian prisoners being held in the Damon detention center.
Al-Issawi gained global recognition in 2012 when he began a hunger strike to protest being redetained by Israel after he was freed as part of the 2011 Gilad Shalit deal. Al-Issawi gained global recognition in 2012 when he began a hunger strike to protest being redetained by Israel after he was freed as part of the 2011 Gilad Shalit deal. Upon signing a deal guaranteeing his release, the East Jerusalem native Upon signing a deal guaranteeing his release, the East Jerusalem native ended his strike in April 2013 after 266 days without food. Al-Issawi was Al-Issawi was released in December 2013 , only to be detained once again six months later.
The Palestinian Center for Human Rights (PCHR) released a statement Wednesday saying it was “strongly concerned” over the lives of the hundreds of hunger-striking prisoners, adding that “Israeli forces should be fully held responsible for the deterioration of prisoners' conditions in light of the stubbornness of the IPS to meet their humane demands.” The Palestinian Center for Human Rights (PCHR) released a statement Wednesday saying it was “strongly concerned” over the lives of the hundreds of hunger-striking prisoners, adding that “Israeli forces should be fully held responsible for the deterioration of prisoners' conditions in light of the stubbornness of the IPS to meet their humane demands.”
PCHR called upon the international community “to fulfill their moral and legal obligations and oblige Israel to put an end to the suffering of thousands of the prisoners in the Israeli jails, including dozens who served around a decade and others served around 30 years in the prisons in addition to hundreds of patients, who suffer from serious diseases.” PCHR called upon the international community “to fulfill their moral and legal obligations and oblige Israel to put an end to the suffering of thousands of the prisoners in the Israeli jails, including dozens who served around a decade and others served around 30 years in the prisons in addition to hundreds of patients, who suffer from serious diseases.”
The center noted that by its count, around 6,500 Palestinian prisoners were detained in 22 Israeli prisons and detention facilities, most of which are established in Israel, “constituting a flagrant violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention, particularly Article 76, which obliges the occupying power to detain prisoners from the occupied population in the occupied territories until the end of their sentences.” The center noted that by its count, around 6,500 Palestinian prisoners were detained in 22 Israeli prisons and detention facilities, most of which are established in Israel, “constituting a flagrant violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention, particularly Article 76, which obliges the occupying power to detain prisoners from the occupied population in the occupied territories until the end of their sentences.”
“Most of those prisoners are residents of the West Bank, including 57 women and 300 children. Moreover, the number of sick prisoners is about 1,800 prisoners, including 180 prisoners who suffer from serious diseases in addition to 26 others who have cancer,” PCHR said. “Most of those prisoners are residents of the West Bank, including 57 women and 300 children. Moreover, the number of sick prisoners is about 1,800 prisoners, including 180 prisoners who suffer from serious diseases in addition to 26 others who have cancer,” PCHR said.
Israeli authorities have Israeli authorities have detained approximately one million Palestinians since the establishment of the state of Israel in 1948 and the subsequent occupation of the West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip in 1967, according to a joint statement released last week by Palestinian organizations. According to prisoners' rights organization Addameer, some 6,300 Palestinians were held in Israeli custody as of March.
ICRC confirmed that it had increased its visits to Israeli detention facilities holding Palestinians since the beginning of the strike.
Image copyright PA Image caption The leadership contest is a two-way fight between Jeremy Corbyn and Owen Smith
Labour is challenging a High Court ruling giving recent members a vote in its leadership contest, with the appeal hearing expected on Thursday.
The party lost a legal challenge to its rules banning anyone who joined as a member after 12 January from taking part unless they paid an extra £25.
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell said Labour's appeal was "disappointing".
The party said it would defend the right of its governing NEC "to uphold the rule book".
The court's decision, handed down on Monday, could add between 126,592 and 150,000 people to the list of those eligible to vote in the contest - according to different estimates.
The ruling is thought likely to benefit leader Jeremy Corbyn over challenger Owen Smith, who earlier branded Mr Corbyn "useless" and said he had "fractured" the Labour Party.
Mr Corbyn, speaking in Bristol, where he is attending a campaign rally, said: "The judge seemed very clear that his decision was all members of the party should have a right to vote in the leadership contest. Surely that has to be the right decision."
A Labour spokesman said: "The Procedures Committee of the NEC has decided that the Labour Party will appeal [against] this ruling in order to defend the NEC's right, as Labour's governing body, to uphold the rule book, including the use of freeze dates."
Mr Smith is calling for the leadership contest - due to end on 24 September - to be extended "so that all members have the opportunity to engage with Jeremy and me before making their choice".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Owen Smith on Labour Party ruling
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption John McDonnell on Labour Party ruling
Mr McDonnell, who is running Mr Corbyn's re-election campaign, claimed the decision to appeal had been taken by a "small clique" that opposed the Labour leader and warned it could cost the party "hundreds of thousands of pounds".
It was "an attack on the basic democratic rights of members in our party", he said.
Mr Smith said it was up to the NEC to decide whether to appeal and it was not right for Mr McDonnell, or himself, to "interfere" in its decisions.
But he added: "Whatever the rules are I am just going to play by them and continue to make my case and at the end of this I am confident that I can persuade the Labour Party that I am the right man to lead us."
Analysis
By political correspondent Iain Watson
The judge was unequivocal - the five Labour members who had claimed they had been disenfranchised in the leadership contest had "wholly succeeded" in establishing their right to vote.
But the implications aren't as clear-cut.
Certainly it's an administrative nightmare for Labour officials - they will have to send out something in the region of an extra 125,000 ballot papers in the next two weeks, unless the party wins its appeal on Thursday.
But the key question is: Who benefits if the newer members are allowed to vote?
The widespread assumption is that they are likely to be more sympathetic to Jeremy Corbyn - joining to help rescue his beleaguered leadership.
That's why a narrow majority of Labour NEC members introduced the six month rule at a controversial meeting in July when the leader had left the room.
But many of the "disenfranchised" are likely to have registered subsequently as supporters, gaining a vote by this route.
Owen Smith says he is happy with the outcome but the fact that the ruling was welcomed most warmly and swiftly by those close to Jeremy Corbyn is a big clue as to which side sees this as a victory.
The five members that brought the legal challenge argued the ban amounted to a breach of contract, saying they had "paid their dues" for a right to vote.
The High Court case was triggered after the NEC decided that full members could only vote if they had at least six months' continuous membership up to July 12 - the "freeze date".
But the party offered a window from 18-20 July when they - and non-members - could pay £25 to become "registered supporters" and gain the right to vote.
Labour leadership election timetable
22 August: Ballot papers start to be sent out in the post (Labour Party members only) and by email
21 September: Midday deadline for ballot papers to be returned
24 September: The result will be announced at a special conference in Liverpool
Delivering his judgement, Mr Justice Hickinbottom said: "For the party to refuse to allow the claimants to vote in the current leadership election, because they have not been members since 12 January 2016, would be unlawful as in breach of contract."
The judge said at the time each of the five joined the party "it was the common understanding" that they would be entitled to vote in any leadership contest.
Kate Harrison, solicitor for the claimants said it was "a good day for democracy".
She said that under the ruling, those who had paid £25 to become a registered supporter could now claim their money back.
Image caption Lawyer Kate Harrison said it was 'a good day for democracy'
It is not known how many of the new members paid extra to get a vote in the contest.
Asked whether they should be refunded if they are allowed a vote after all, a move that could cost the party several million pounds, Mr McDonnell said the NEC "will have to abide" by the court's decision.
Reacting to the ruling, Edward Leir - one of the claimants - said the court's ruling was a "victory for equality and inclusion".
The others in the group - who have been crowdfunded and are seeking to raise £40,000 to cover their legal costs - were Christine Evangelou, Hannah Fordham, Chris Granger and "FM", a new member aged under 18.
Correction 16 August 2016: An earlier version of this story carried an out-of-date graphic suggesting it was not clear if Jeremy Corbyn would automatically appear on the ballot when this matter had already been resolved.
PRESIDENT OBAMA'S rejection of the proposed Keystone XL pipeline last week had the ring of a great victory for the environment. But even as he declared the United States a “global leader” in the transition to cleaner energy, he revealed a challenge that neither he nor his administration has confronted: “If we're going to prevent large parts of this earth from becoming not only inhospitable but uninhabitable in our lifetimes,” the president said, “we're going to have to keep some fossil fuels in the ground, rather than burn them and release more dangerous pollution into the sky.”
The logic is clear. If we don't extract them, we can't burn them. Even better, this is a change the president can actually make, without the approval of Congress. With the climate summit meeting in Paris near, and the Keystone decision fresh, the United States can truly take the lead on these fuels by stemming their production, not just their consumption.
Most climate debates have focused on cutting the use of fossil fuels. But besides a few high-profile scuffles over fuel extraction in vulnerable wild places like the offshore Arctic, political leaders have ignored fossil fuel production as a necessary piece of climate strategy.
In fact, under President Obama, oil and gas production in the United States has increased substantially. And that increase has been a major bragging point for the administration. “America is No. 1 in oil and gas,” the president boasted in his 2015 State of the Union address.
Frida Kahlo's popularity has surged in recent years. Last year, the Art Gallery of NSW held an exhibition simply titled ‘Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera'. This exhibition no doubt contributed to the gallery's highest July attendance in history, with 205,000 visitors.
This latest wave of “Fridamania” is no doubt associated with the global resurgence in feminist ideas. Today, a growing number of young women are identifying as feminists and exploring politics for the first time.
The evidence of this can be seen in the “Million Women” marches, which were the largest protests in US history, and also in International Women's Day this year, which The Guardian described as the most politically charged in memory.
This new wave of feminism is consciously more inclusive of women of colour, women with disabilities and LGBTI women. It's not just feminist ideas that are becoming more popular however. We are also seeing a resurgence in socialist ideas, with openly socialist candidates such as Bernie Sanders, Jeremy Corbyn and Jean-Luc Mélenchon drawing crowds of hundreds of thousands.
Frida was both a feminist and a socialist. She was a trailblazer not just for women, but for LGBTI people and people with disabilities. After a tram accident changed the course of her life, she struggled with and embraced her multiple identities, which can be seen in her self-portraits, making up the bulk of her work.
Frida's identity as a whole was mostly influenced by the fact that she was a socialist. In that sense, it's fitting that she has come to such prominence in this post-GFC world where socialism is being discussed more and more. Frida's socialism is often omitted by those wishing to exploit her iconic status, but there's no denying that she was a dedicated to a world free of exploitation until her death.
Frida's paintings reflected the idea that the personal is political. Artwork such as hers was mostly unheard of in her time, especially by a woman. Her paintings showed her frustration at the unjustness of the world and the pressures placed upon her simply because she was a woman.
Her paintings feature themes surrounding femininity and what it means to be a woman, including graphic depictions of miscarriage and suicide. We can also see themes such as the dominating character of US imperialism, Spanish colonisation of Mexico and the consequent struggles of the indigenous people.
It's clear through looking at her artwork that she was a deeply political person. In fact, Frida often told people that she was born in 1910, the year of the Mexican Revolution, to reflect her idea that she was a child of the revolution.
Frida joined the Mexican Communist Party when she was in her 20s but left when her husband Diego Rivera, also a famous artist, was expelled. After the expulsion, Frida and Diego went to the US, and it was here that they began associating with the Left Opposition headed by Leon Trotsky.
Frida was an active part of the movement in the US. In letters that she wrote during this time she said: “I've learnt so much here and I'm more and more convinced it's only through communism that we can become human.” When they returned to Mexico, Frida & Diego hosted Trotsky and his wife Natalia who were on the run from Stalinist forces intent on killing them. Sadly, it was in Mexico in 1940 that Trotsky was indeed assassinated.
The political highlight of Frida's life was her participation in the Left Opposition which broke from the Stalinist Third International, and sought to create a new international organisation of the working class. Unfortunately, along with some others Frida ended up succumbing to the pressures of Stalinism and realigning with them later in life.
Despite her faults, her determination to build a better world free from oppression never wavered. In 1954 Kahlo went to a Communist march to protest the US subversion of the left-wing Guatemalan government. Not long after this, she died. Her coffin was covered with a flag of the hammer and sickle upon a star.
It has been over 50 years since Frida died, but her socialist feminism is as important today as it was when she was alive. There is no doubt that it is only through the transformation of society that we will eliminate all inequalities and lay the basis for the genuine liberation of all women.
By Kat Galea
Voters in Georgia should send Rep. Paul Broun to the U.S. Senate because he will only vote in favor of legislation that is based on Christian values, the Republican candidate said Saturday.
During a GOP primary debate in Gainesville hosted by the Hall County Republican Party, Broun outlined why he was the best candidate to replace retiring Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss.
“I am a proven conservative, consistent constitutionalist,” he said. “There are four C's that describe who I am and what drives me: Consistent, conservative, constitutionalist, Christian.”
Broun explained that he judged legislation based on four factors. Firstly, he won't vote for legislation that is unconstitutional.
“The second, does it fit the Judeo-Christian biblical principles our country was founded upon?” he continued.
Broun also promised to vote against legislation that the country didn't need and couldn't afford.
Watch video below.
[Image via Gage Skidmore, Creative Commons licensed]
Kimbo Slice, a man who went from backyard fighting sensation to MMA ratings king, died Monday at the age of 42, sources confirmed with MMA Fighting's Ariel Helwani. The cause of death was unclear.
Slice's gym American Top Team tweeted Monday night that Slice had died. Bellator president Scott Coker followed soon after with a statement.
The ATT Family and South Florida community lost a legend today. RIP Kimbo. pic.twitter.com/sjs8ctyJMd — American Top Team (@AmericanTopTeam) June 7, 2016
"We are all shocked and saddened by the devastating and untimely loss of Kimbo Slice, a beloved member of the Bellator family," Coker said. "One of the most popular MMA fighters ever, Kimbo was a charismatic, larger-than-life personality that transcended the sport.
"Outside of the cage he was a friendly, gentle giant and a devoted family man. His loss leaves us all with extremely heavy hearts, and our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Ferguson family and all of Kimbo's friends, fans, and teammates."
TMZ reported Monday that Slice was rushed to the hospital in Coral Gables, Fla., his city of residence, and was in dire condition.
Slice, whose real name is Kevin Ferguson, gained acclaim for his street fights, which were filmed and posted on YouTube in the early 2000s. The Miami native was one of the world's first online viral video stars. He parlayed that into becoming one of the biggest ratings draws in the history of mixed martial arts -- a true rags-to-riches story.
Ferguson most recently competed under the Bellator MMA banner. He was supposed to face James Thompson at Bellator 158 on July 16 in London, England. In his last fight, Ferguson fought longtime rival and former compatriot Dhafir "Dada 5000" Harris in February. Ferguson won the fight by knockout in the third round, but it was later found out that he tested positive for steroids in a fight-night screen. The victory was overturned into a no contest and Ferguson was suspended three months by the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation.
Ferguson, who had a 5-2 record with that no contest in MMA, started out in the sport as a spectacle for EliteXC, the YouTube streetfighting bad ass turned pro athlete. He won his first three fights for the promotion via finish, including victories over Tank Abbott and Thompson. EliteXC built its whole promotion around Ferguson, who was a ratings behemoth.
In Ferguson's fourth pro fight, he was stunningly knocked out by Seth Petruzelli in 2008 in a main event bout in which he was originally supposed to face Ken Shamrock.
After EliteXC folded, Ferguson moved onto the UFC via its reality show, The Ultimate Fighter. He lost quickly on the show, but his season drew record ratings on Spike TV -- much like his time on CBS with EliteXC. Ferguson was a ratings hit wherever he went and the UFC brought him onto the main roster.
In his UFC debut, Ferguson beat Houston Alexander via unanimous decision in 2009. He lost his next fight to Matt Mitrione by second-round TKO and was released thereafter.
"UFC is saddened to learn of the passing of Kevin Ferguson, known to fans around the world as Kimbo Slice," the UFC said in a statement. "Slice will forever be a part of UFC history as a contestant on season 10 of The Ultimate Fighter in 2009, and for having fought twice inside the Octagon at The Ultimate Fighter Finale and UFC 113. He carried himself as a true professional during his time in our organization.
"While he will never be forgotten for his fighting style and transcendent image, Slice will also be remembered for his warm personality and commitment to his family and friends. UFC offers its sincere condolences to Slice's family, friends and teammates at American Top Team."
Ferguson went on to a professional boxing career, compiling a 7-0 record with six knockouts. He resurfaced with Bellator last year and signed to face Shamrock, the man he should have fought in 2008, in June 2015. Ferguson won that fight via first-round knockout.
Much like his previous stops, Ferguson set records with Bellator. His bout with Shamrock set a promotion ratings mark. More than 1.58 million people watched the three-hour Bellator card on average and Slice-Shamrock drew 2.1 million viewers. Slice vs. Dada was the co-main event of Bellator 149, but that bout and card broke Bellator and Ferguson's old mark: 2 million on viewers on average for the event and 2.5 million for Ferguson's fight.
Ferguson was born in the Bahamas before his family moved to Florida when he was a child. His career started out as a bouncer at a strip club until Mike Imber, Ferguson's high-school friend and now longtime manager, got him a job as a bodyguard for a pornographic movie company.
In 2003, Ferguson became Kimbo Slice in earnest, beginning his run as a backyard fighter. The result -- a run as one of the most popular figures in combat sports -- earned him millions. It allowed him to move his family out of the tough Perrine neighborhood and send his kids to college.
Ferguson is survived by six children and longtime girlfriend Antoinette Ray.
Bob Dylan has announced a new triple-album, Triplicate, featuring new takes on American standards. His follow-up to 2016's Fallen Angels is out March 31 via Columbia. Below, listen to the lead track, “I Could Have Had You”—Dylan's latest Frank Sinatra cover. Other artists covered include Charles Strouse and Lee Adams (“Once Upon A Time”), Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler (“Stormy Weather”), Harold Hupfield (“As Time Goes By”), and Cy Coleman and Carolyn Leigh (“The Best Is Yet To Come”). See the tracklist for each of the three discs—titled *'*Til The Sun Goes Down, Devil Dolls, and Comin' Home Late respectively—below.
Triplicate:
‘Til The Sun Goes Down:
01 I Guess I'll Have to Change My Plans
02 September of My Years
03 I Could Have Told You
04 Once Upon a Time
05 Stormy Weather
06 This Nearly Was Mine
07 That Old Feeling
08 It Gets Lonely Early
09 My One and Only Love
10 Trade Winds
Devil Dolls:
01 Braggin'
02 As Time Goes By
03 Imagination
04 How Deep Is the Ocean
05 P.S. I Love You
06 The Best Is Yet to Come
07 But Beautiful
08 Here's That Rainy Day
09 Where Is the One
10 There's a Flaw in My Flue
Comin' Home Late:
01 Day In, Day Out
02 I Couldn't Sleep a Wink Last Night
03 Sentimental Journeys
04 Somewhere Along the Way
05 When the World Was Young
06 These Foolish Things
07 You Go to My Head
08 Stardust
09 It's Funny to Everyone But Me
10 Why Was I Born
NEW DELHI: A video of a child being scolded and slapped during a math lesson has gone viral on social media, invoking outrage from several quarters, including cricket captain Virat Kohli Kohli was among the first ones to post the video on Instagram and wrote: "The fact that the pain and anger of the child is ignored and one's own ego to make the child learn is so massive that compassion has totally gone out of the window. This is shocking and saddening to another dimension. A child can never learn when intimidated. This is hurtful."By 9.30pm, the video had garnered 1.9 million views from the skipper's 15.1 million Instagram followers. The post had over 18,000 comments. It is not clear when and where the 69-second video was first posted.It shows a child, less than five years of age, sitting on a bed with a notebook reciting numbers as she learns how to count. She is scolded by a woman and has tears streaming down her face and begs to be treated gently, only to be slapped by the woman. Many shared the video online, finding it funny, pitching it as something to remind one of one's childhood.However, those calling out the abuse in it outweighed those who found it not to be serious.Cricketers Shikhar Dhawan and Robin Uthappa also condemned the incident. On FB page "Viral Sarcasm", video had 52,000 views in 17 hours.
The powers that be in college football finally listened to fans, and decided to implement a 4-team playoff. Rejoice! Finally! Sanity to the sport! (Well, until they screw it up. It's a given.)
The 4-team playoff doesn't take effect until 2014, though. So we'll have to trudge through one more year with that silly BCS formula.
The 1st playoff hasn't even happened yet, and there's already chatter about an 8-team playoff. Mountain West Conference commissioner Craig Thompson got the ball rolling this week:
“I know we're saying four teams for 12 years,” Thompson said. “But I don't see it as a four-team playoff for 12 years. I just don't see it. If there is success with four, I think we will go to what is most ideal, which is eight. That would double the access points.” Thompson envisions a playoff with five guaranteed spots for power conferences and three spots for everyone to compete for.
I'm completely down with five conference champs and three other teams. Reasonable, easy and inclusive. And no, I don't see eight being expanded to 32 or 64. This isn't college basketball – there isn't that much depth to college football. (I'd listen to an argument for 16 teams.) Why wait 12 years to implement an 8-team playoff? I'll predict by 2017, we'll have one. [ESPN]
Previously: The Mountain West's 16-team Playoff Plan to Replace the BCS Might Have Some Legs
German politicians and media promote military intervention in Syria
By Johannes Stern
17 September 2015
The German elite are using the refugee crisis in Europe to intensify their campaign for militarism and war. Since the government sealed the borders to stop the flow of refugees into Germany, politicians and the media have been pushing for a military intervention in Syria.
Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière (Christian Democratic Union, CDU) led the way on Sunday. On the same day he announced Germany would reintroduce border controls, telling the German newspaper Die Zeit that Europe has “not acted decisively enough in its foreign and security policies.”
Although “the West bombed Libya,” they had “ended engagement as soon as the dictator was gone,” complained the interior minister. He added that “The fight against Syrian dictator Assad and the so-called ‘Islamic State (IS)' was also not being carried out with the necessary determination.” One cannot stand by and “watch the killing any longer,” he added.
De Maizière exemplifies the militarist turn of German foreign policy during the last two years. In 2012, when he served as minister of defense, he criticized proponents of military intervention in Syria as “coffeehouse intellectuals” who “call for the deployment of soldiers without having to be accountable for it.” Now he raises the possible deployment of ground troops in the fight against IS in order to defend the interests of German imperialism in the Middle East.
To quote de Maizière: “We need a security strategy. One cannot defeat IS out of thin air. One cannot rely on the fight of the Kurdish Peshmerga on the ground alone.”
Wolfgang Ischinger sang the same tune in an interview with the Münchner Merkur Tuesday. The leader of the Munich Security Conference also called for military intervention in Syria and even sending in German ground troops if necessary.
A “comprehensive political strategy” (Ischinger refers to the proposal of Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier to establish a large Syrian Contact Group, taking Moscow and Tehran into account) would “only be credible […] if it is backed by credible military options.”
The EU would have to “be able to talk seriously about questions like protection zones in Syria for the millions of refugees” and “speak with the US and other nations about possible flight bans in and around Syria.” According to Ischinger, anyone who could not commit to that, should not “be surprised when hundreds of thousands or millions of refugees land here.”
The use of the German military was, therefore, “obvious.” While Germany had “wrongly looked away” before, it has now learned “with difficulty and somewhat late, that looking away does not free us from responsibility,” he said. “Inactivity” has consequences and the Syrian conflict had now “come crashing on our doorstep.”
The entire Middle East is “on the verge of a great explosion” and the “threat of instability spilling over” is enormous. With regard to ground troops, he would “not rule anything out.” For that, however, one would also have to “engage Syria's neighbors in the region.” What was not permissible, according to Ischinger, was “the planning of crusade-style events”.
The war and propaganda strategies of the German elite are as repugnant as they are transparent. In reality, the “great explosion” of the Middle East, with its dramatic consequences, is not the result of “looking away” or “inactivity.” It is the result of the neo-colonial war policies of the West, which de Maizière, Ischinger and Co. now want to massively expand.
The rise of IS and the suffering of millions of refugees, which the German elite now uses as a pretext for direct military intervention in Syria, are direct results of previous interventions that left entire countries in ruins and cost hundreds of thousands of lives. Among them are, above all, the invasion of Iraq in 2003, the NATO bombardment of Libya in 2011 and the civil war in Syria instigated by the West.
If anything is “explosive,” it is the offensive of the German government. While it did not, officially at least, participate in the wars in Iraq and Libya, it is now using the consequences of these illegal crusades to secure its piece of the pie in the redistribution of the Middle East and to promote the return of German imperialism on the world stage.
An interview with Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) in the Monday edition of the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung underscores just how aggressive Berlin has become. Schäuble, who embodies more than anyone the role of the German “task master” of Europe with his brutal stance toward Greece, now demands, under the title “We cannot duck away,” proceeding with the drive to war despite the anti-militarist sentiments of the majority of the population.
According to Schäuble, Europe will naturally have to engage more strongly in Syria, and “in Germany we will have to get used to taking on even more foreign policy responsibility.” That the German population is “skeptical, even hostile” was “no badge of honor for Germany.” The government will have to “take note of it” but must “not be content with it.” Germany “cannot duck away.”
Then he threatens: “I know that especially in foreign policy we've come a long way since 1990. But we are far from finished. We must adjust to that. Our policies must show that we have the courage to lead, even when the opinion polls seem to speak another language.”
That is the voice of war and dictatorship! A further comment in the weekend edition of the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung made clear how far German ruling circles are prepared to go in carrying out their reactionary plans. Under the title “The Order of the Day,” reserve officer Reinhard Müller argues not only for “an intervention” in Syria and a “robust” deployment for the “home front protection” of refugees, but also for the deployment of the military within Germany.
After noting that the military was until now on call only “as a kind of armed, technical aid organization,” he dresses up further demands in the form of questions: “Or must the military be used for the defense of housing accommodations? Or should it enable or prevent right-wing and left-wing extremist demonstrations, in case the police force is too weak?”
“Necessity knows no law,” concludes Müller.
It should be recalled that Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg justified the invasion of Belgium by Reich Defense on August 4, 1914 with precisely these notorious words. “We are now in a state of necessity, and necessity knows no law,” said the Reich Chancellor. “Our troops have occupied Luxemburg, perhaps already entered Belgian territory. Gentlemen, this is a breach of international law […] the wrong that we are committing we will endeavor to repair as soon as our military goal has been reached.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
LONDON (Reuters) - Swiss bank UBS UBSN.VX is expected to pay about $1 billion to settle charges of rigging the Libor interest rate benchmark, according to a person familiar with the situation, making it the second major bank to be officially ensnared by the global scandal.
The UBS logo is seen at the UBS 40th Annual Global Media and Communications Conference in New York, December 5, 2012. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
The announcement could come as early as Monday, this person said.
Such a penalty, more than double the $450 million fine levied on British bank Barclays (BARC.L) in June for related conduct, indicates the scope of the misconduct by UBS could dwarf that exposed by Barclays' settlement.
Barclays in June admitted it improperly took trading positions into account when reporting interest rates used to calculate the Libor benchmark, touching off a firestorm that forced its chairman and chief executive to quit.
The settlement also prompted a political and public backlash against standards in banking across Europe and the United States.
The Libor benchmarks are used for trillions of dollars worth of loans around the world. Tiny shifts in the rate, compiled from daily polls of bankers, could benefit dealers in complex products.
While details in the Barclays settlement showed traders brazenly gaming the system, the expected size of the UBS settlement indicates that Barclays may prove to be far from the worst offender and that other settlements may also be larger than Barclays'. Overall, more than a dozen banks have been caught in the international inquiry.
UBS declined to comment. The agencies expected to be involved in the settlement, including Britain's Financial Services Authority and the U.S. Department of Justice and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission all declined to comment.
UBS said in its third quarter results that on September 30 it had 897 million Swiss francs ($971 million) set aside for litigation, regulatory and similar matters, up from 454 million in March.
CONDITIONAL LENIENCY
The steep fine that UBS has agreed to pay is a surprise because the bank, since 2011, has cooperated with law-enforcement agencies in their probes, according to regulatory filings and court documents.
The bank disclosed it received conditional immunity from the Justice Department's antitrust division and other international competition authorities, which suggests the bank's $1 billion payout could have been higher without that leniency.
Some clues to UBS's alleged central role in the Libor conspiracy were included in documents filed earlier this year by the Canadian Competition Bureau, which investigates anti-competitive activity.
The documents describe how a “cooperating party” tried to artificially move yen Libor. UBS is the cooperating bank, people familiar with the situation have said.
Those documents allege that a trader at the bank — called “Trader A” - contacted traders at four other banks. On one occasion, “Trader A” instructed a trader at another bank on what Libor submission to make.
It is unclear if UBS will resolve the Canadian probe as part of the imminent settlement.
Authorities are also investigating the actions of individuals. This week British police and anti-fraud officers made the first arrests in connection to the Libor probe, detaining a former trader and two other men, sources said.
One of those arrested was former UBS and Citigroup (C.N) trader Thomas Hayes, according to a source familiar with the situation. The two others worked at interdealer broker RP Martin, according to a separate source.
TORRID TIME FOR UBS
The fine will mark another blow to UBS, which has had a tough 18 months after suffering a $2.3-billion loss in a rogue trading scandal, management upheaval and thousands of job cuts.
“I'm not sure how much more reputational damage can be done to UBS,” said Chris Wheeler, analyst at Mediobanca in London. “They are rebuilding that slowly, but it won't help the wealth management business when you see this as a headline.”
Banks are keen to put such fines behind them as they attempt to rebuild credibility among politicians, the general public and investors following the financial crisis which forced taxpayers to bail out the banking system.
But the fresh spate of probes and settlements are putting banks' malpractice back to the forefront.
HSBC (HSBA.L) on Tuesday reached a $1.92 billion settlement with U.S. authorities over money laundering, the highest ever fine on a bank, a day after another London-based bank, Standard Chartered (STAN.L), agreed to pay $327 million for violating U.S. sanctions against Iran, Sudan and other states, adding to an earlier $340 million it paid in a related case.
Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), Germany's flagship lender, was raided on Wednesday by about 500 German tax inspectors and police, who arrested five staff members in a probe linked to a tax scam involving the trading of carbon permits.
Britain's Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) is also expected to reach a settlement on Libor manipulation shortly.
Investigators are assessing whether banks used responses to the daily survey of the rates they would offer to other banks to try to nudge Libor, perhaps by only a few hundredths of a percentage point. Such a move could still benefit their own trades in bonds or more complex deals linked to that rate.
Banks found guilty also face civil lawsuits from those they traded with. Some borrowers complain they paid more interest than they should have, although others may have paid less.
Reuters' parent company Thomson Reuters Corp collects information from banks and uses it to calculate Libor rates according to specifications drawn up by the British Bankers Association (BBA).
(This December 13 story was corrected to replace the ninth paragraph to give detail on sum set aside for litigation, regulatory and similar matters and replacing detail on a broader measure of reserves.)
The UK economy had been the envy of Europe for years but those high times seem to be an an end. One third of the British economy is related to banking/finance so problems in that sector along with even more personal debt than the US (shocking as that may be) spells serious trouble in the months to come. On that news, European markets are dropping hard in early trading, following negative days across Asia.
The British economy shrank more than expected and for the first time in 16 years in the third quarter of 2008, as fears grow the country could be in for a painful and prolonged recession.
The Office for National Statistics said on Friday gross domestic product fell 0.5 percent in the three months to September, the biggest drop since Q4 1990 and the first contraction since Q2 1992.
Analysts had forecast a fall of 0.2 percent.
On the year, GDP was 0.3 percent higher, the weakest rate of growth since Q2 1992.
Image caption Estimates of how much porn is on the web vary widely
Many things in porn are exaggerated, including the statistics regularly quoted to show how much pornography is on the web.
The need to get a good sense of its size and reach has sharpened as British politicians, pundits and the media debate what influence pornography is having on children, teenagers and their understanding of what sex is all about.
A lot of different statistics were quoted in those debates. However, few stand up to scrutiny.
One figure that cropped up again and again is that 37% of the internet is made up of pornographic material. Many of those people who quoted the figure took it from a press release put out in June 2010 by net filtering firm Optenet.
A spokesman for the firm told the BBC: "The statistics are not up-to-date and I would not use them to reflect the reality of the web nowadays."
That might just be because there is a lot more data around.
According to estimates from Scandinavian research centre Sintef, 90% of all the data the human race has ever produced has been generated in the past two years. That explosion is due to the rise of the web, smartphones, social media and the "big data" projects in which businesses, governments and scientists are involved.
Market maker
But it is worth asking if 37% was ever accurate, even in 2010. Optenet said the figure came from a "representative sample" of about four million URLs taken from its database of web content.
However, that same year the largest study ever done into human sexuality published a very different figure for how many of the web's most popular sites were devoted to porn.
The academics behind the research based their results on analysis of the million most frequented sites in the world.
Image caption Most people now turn to the web to see pornography
Their estimate? Just 4% of those websites were porn.
While the two studies do not measure exactly the same metric - Optenet counted pages, the academics sites - it's worth noting that the number of pages on a site says nothing about its influence or audience. As other studies suggest, porn sites are likely to be disproportionally large as they trade on giving visitors new content and, as a result, create hundreds of new pages each day.
So, suggest these studies, porn sites have huge archives but the number of pages that people actually view is relatively small.
This means that it is better to measure visitor numbers rather than site size, said Dr Ogi Ogas, co-author of the huge 2010 study, A Billion Wicked Thoughts.
So, why do people pick the big numbers instead?
"Big numbers are more sensational and make for good press," said Dr Ogas. "But those big numbers have always been an urban myth."
Three years on, the amount of porn online was likely to make up even less of the total, he said, thanks to consolidation in the porn industry and the rise of sites that duplicate and syndicate content.
Zombie stats
Claims about the total amount of porn online are worth questioning because further analysis suggests the same about figures for how much traffic those sites generate.
An article in Extreme Tech is regularly quoted for calculating that 30% of all net traffic is generated by porn sites. It reached this figure by estimating how much traffic one popular porn site generated each day and multiplying that by the "dozens" of other similar sized porn sites it said were out there.
However, there are problems with its maths. To begin with, it underestimated how much data travels across the net every day. Extreme Tech claimed daily data totals were half an exabyte in 2012. Figures from network hardware giant Cisco said the figure was 1.4 exabytes. At the very least, porn traffic is part of a much larger total.
There are also reasons for querying its traffic estimate. Extreme Tech said its example site got 100 million visitors a day.
However, for a different story about porn sites, the BBC was told a much lower daily visitor total for that site and many others, all of which are overseen by porn hosting firm Manwin.
Image caption ISPs are being asked to filter porn to limit who gets to see the material
Across all its sites, Manwin said it got about 70 million visitors per day. This figure may also be inflated because, as other studies have shown, porn sites are built to be click generators. Every mouse click on a video or still can kick off many more as a viewer is re-directed to affiliated sites, adverts or pop-ups.
So, visitor numbers for those sites and consequently how much traffic they generate look likely to be a lot lower. A blogger at the Ministry of Truth blog reached a broadly similar conclusion when they analysed the 30% statistic and many others in a series of posts. That blogger concluded that porn accounts for a few percentage points of overall traffic and is dwarfed by YouTube and the bigger social networks.
They described facts and figures about online porn as "zombie statistics" because, like the undead, they refuse to lie down even when effort was made, time and time again, to kill them off.
Few people took the time to look into the source of the statistics, said the blogger, which explained why people continued to quote figures that date from the days before the web existed or come from marketing materials, small unrepresentative surveys or off-the-cuff comments.
The dubious provenance of statistics about porn are well-known inside the tech industry.
"We are aware that a number of statistics are being used in relation to online safety and have concerns over their accuracy," said Nicholas Lansman, secretary general of ISPA, which represents net supply firms. Anyone quoting stats should check their veracity, he said.
"It is vital that any decisions in relation to online safety, like any other policy area, are based on evidence rather than myths and assertions," he added.
What is worth remembering is that even if there is a lot less porn online than many people claim, there is still a lot out there, said Dr Ogas "Fourteen per cent of searches and 4% of websites devoted to sex really are very significant numbers, when you stop to ponder it."
Among the comings and goings at Trump Tower on Nov. 29 were "Morning Joe" co-host Mika Brzezinski and former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. (The Washington Post)
This post has been updated.
MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski visited Trump Tower in New York on Tuesday shortly after “Morning Joe” wrapped up its telecast. But why she was there — and with whom she was meeting — was a mystery as she entered the building.
A pool reporter covering President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reported that Brzezinski, who often criticized Trump during the campaign, was cagey about the nature of her call.
“She was asked if the meeting was with PEOTUS, and the response was unclear,” Yahoo national correspondent Hunter Walker reported. “Brzezinski did not respond to a question from your pooler about whether she will be seeing Kellyanne Conway.”
Citing an unnamed source, Politico's Dylan Byers reported Tuesday afternoon that Brzezinski met with Ivanka Trump to discuss Brzezinski's "Know Your Value" seminar series for women.
Brzezinski and co-host Joe Scarborough met with Donald Trump in September, ostensibly to discuss moving past a feud that had intensified over the course of several months. The “Morning Joe” tandem was among the first to treat Trump as a serious contender for the Republican presidential nomination last year, and the real estate executive was a frequent guest on their show early in the campaign.
When Trump won the New Hampshire GOP primary in February, he appeared on the program the following morning to say, “You guys have been supporters, and I really appreciate it.” Trump amended his thanks a moment later: “Not necessarily supporters, but at least believers.”
A turning point came later that month when Scarborough came down hard on Trump's initial refusal to disavow the endorsement of former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. The former Republican congressman called Trump's response to Duke's support “disqualifying.”
Brzezinski and Scarborough ramped up their criticisms of Trump from there, and the billionaire reacted by boycotting the show and composing nasty tweets.
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 9, 2016
The earliest rumors of the Gingerbread told us a thing that android 2.3 would have a minimum requirement of 1GHz, which broke many Droid 1 souls. But here we are, it's confirmed that android 2.3 isn't married to 1GHz only sort of beliefs and in fact, we've already discovered the custom ROMs for the original Droid running Gingerbread, ported from the AOSP release.
The ROMs cannot be said to be mature enough to replace your current ROM, but for what it's worth, you MAY actually want to try it on your Droid.
We spotted 2 ROMs, one w/o Google Apps (ROM 1) and the other with Google Apps (ROM 2), but based on the first one only.
Note that these ROMs are meant only for the original Droid. (No Milestone queries, please!)
ROM 1: Browser keeps force closing and Camera doesn't work.
Developer – neubanks89, without Google Apps
Download: gingerbread_sholes.zip (http://www.multiupload.com/IV8WO2ZT2I)
Instructions:
Download the file “gingerbread_sholes.zip” from the above link Boot your phone into recovery Make a backup first (very much recommended) Do a factory reset by wiping the data Install from the zip file you downloaded That's it. Reboot and Enjoy!
OR, try this ROM!
ROM 2: More refined form of ROM 1. Camera works and browser works good on Wi-Fi, but crashes on 3G. Accelerometer doesn't work and you can't mount the SD Card too.
Developer – steinman, nandroid with Google Apps
Download: Gingerbread-4-OG-Droid.zip (http://www.mediafire.com/?bz4l5nsisn4ifbj)
Instructions:
Download the file “Gingerbread-4-OG-Droid.zip” from the above link Extract the file and move the folder to /clockwork/backup Now, boot into recovery to make current ROM's backup Do a factory reset by wiping out data Now, to install the new ROM, restore the ROM you put in the backup folder in Step 2. Go to “backup and restore” in recovery and then select Restore Choose the folder (from Step 2) in the backup That's it. Enjoy!
For more info, user's view and comments and development of this ROM, check these pages out: ROM 1 and ROM 2.
Let us know how blazing fast your Droid has gone? And how crazy you've gone too? We expect the fully featured ROMs to break soon on the Internet and will be there to get it you. Keep watching this space.
Via Droid-Life
The Chilean remains determined to add a centre-half to his squad after recruiting midfielder Fernandinho, winger Jesus Navas and forwards Stevan Jovetic and Alvaro Negredo.
But having spent £93m so far this summer, Pellegrini admits that City still require further additions before the start of the new season.
"The club has spent money on important players, like Jovetic and Negredo," Pellegrini said. "But we must remind you that last year here there was (Mario) Balotelli and (Carlos) Tevez, so we had to replace two very good players with another two very good players.
"So we have the whole month of July and some days of August to finish completely the squad. It is not absolutely complete but it's very near to being complete.
"I don't speak about rumours. I think today we have the players that we need here.
"I'm not talking about specific names because it's not better for us, so I don't talk about Pepe or any other names."
City face Newcastle in their opening game of the Premier League season in just over three weeks and Pellegrini admits it is crucial that his team make a strong start to the campaign.
"It is important to make a quick start and to win the first league game because if you lose ground it is difficult to recover," he said.
"The English Premier League is a different league than I have worked with before, but I am not concerned about that.
"Of course it is always good to have more time, but I hope the team will be prepared."
New Delhi: Central varsity Jamia Millia Islamia will no longer be a minority institution. The Ministry of Human Resource and Development (MHRD) will soon file an affidavit claiming that declaring the university a religious minority institution was an error as it was set up by an Act of Parliament and is funded by Centre. The government will withdraw support.
According to an Indian Express article, the MHRD in the affidavit will state that its support for the order of the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions (NCMEI) on February 22, 2011, declaring Jamia a religious minority institution, was an error in its understanding of the legal position.
Earlier, Attorney General of India Mukul Rohatgi had advised Smriti Irani-led MHRD that the ministry is entitled to change its perspective in court and revert its stand on Jamia being a minority institute, and that to respect the ruling of NCMEI was not in accordance with the law.
The government will rely on the Supreme Court's decision in the Azeez Basha case, which declared that Aligarh Muslim University was not a minority university since it was established by the British legislature and not by the Muslim community.
Observing the 2011 NCMEI order, Jamia has already discontinued reservation for SC/ST and OBC students and reserved 50% seats in each course for Muslim candidates – 30% for general Muslim applicants, 10% for Muslim women applicants and 10% for Muslim Other Backward Classes and Scheduled Tribes as notified under the Central government list.
The order has previously been challenged by the UPA government under the then HRD minister Kapil Sibal.
Date Sun, 30 Mar 2014 20:57:23 -0700 Subject Linux 3.14 out From Linus Torvalds <> So we had a few fairly late changes that I could have done without,
but the changelog from -rc8 is still pretty small, and I'm feeling
pretty good about it all. If we did end up with any last-minute
problems due to the final spurt of patches, they'll be pretty
specific, and it really didn't make sense to me to delay the release
without anything known pending. Much of the final spurt were either
marked for stable or known regressions.
So 3.14 is out there, and the merge window for 3.15 is thus open.
Please do spend the time to test out 3.14, though, even if you might
otherwise be in a hurry to send me your pending queue for the next
release.
Linus
---
Al Viro (6):
make prepend_name() work correctly when called with negative *buflen
rcuwalk: recheck mount_lock after mountpoint crossing attempts
resizable namespace.c hashes
keep shadowed vfsmounts together
don't bother with propagate_mnt() unless the target is shared
switch mnt_hash to hlist
Alex Elder (1):
rbd: drop an unsafe assertion
Anthony Olech (1):
Input: da9052_onkey - use correct register a bit for key status
Artem Fetishev (1):
x86: fix boot on uniprocessor systems
Benjamin Tissoires (1):
Input: synaptics - add manual min/max quirk
Daniel Vetter (1):
drm/i915: Undo gtt scratch pte unmapping again
Dave Airlie (3):
drm/udl: take reference to device struct for dma-bufs
drm/nouveau: fail runtime pm properly.
drm/radeon: fix runtime suspend breaking secondary GPUs
David Vrabel (1):
Revert "xen: properly account for _PAGE_NUMA during xen pte translations"
Dmitry Torokhov (1):
Input: mousedev - fix race when creating mixed device
Elias Vanderstuyft (1):
Input: don't modify the id of ioctl-provided ff effect on upload failure
Eric Biggers (2):
vfs: atomic f_pos access in llseek()
vfs: Don't let __fdget_pos() get FMODE_PATH files
Eric Dumazet (2):
net: unix: non blocking recvmsg() should not return -EINTR
tcp: fix get_timewait4_sock() delay computation on 64bit
Eric Paris (1):
AUDIT: Allow login in non-init namespaces
Flavio Leitner (1):
openvswitch: fix a possible deadlock and lockdep warning
Hannes Frederic Sowa (1):
ipv6: move DAD and addrconf_verify processing to workqueue
Hans de Goede (2):
Input: cypress_ps2 - don't report as a button pads
Input: synaptics - add manual min/max quirk for ThinkPad X240
J. R. Okajima (1):
nfsd: fix lost nfserrno() call in nfsd_setattr()
Jan Kara (2):
fs: Avoid userspace mounting anon_inodefs filesystem
vfs: Allocate anon_inode_inode in anon_inode_init()
Jason Wang (1):
virtio-net: correct error handling of virtqueue_kick()
Jay Vosburgh (1):
MAINTAINERS: bonding: change email address
Jean-Francois Dagenais (1):
Input: adp5588-keys - get value from data out when dir is out
John Stultz (1):
time: Revert to calling clock_was_set_delayed() while in irq context
Linus Torvalds (2):
fs: remove now stale label in anon_inode_init()
Linux 3.14
Michael S. Tsirkin (2):
vhost: fix total length when packets are too short
vhost: validate vhost_get_vq_desc return value
Oliver Neukum (1):
usbnet: include wait queue head in device structure
Pravin B Shelar (1):
ip_tunnel: Fix dst ref-count.
Randy Dunlap (1):
MAINTAINERS: resume as Documentation maintainer
Sasha Levin (3):
random32: assign to network folks in MAINTAINERS
random32: avoid attempt to late reseed if in the middle of seeding
ocfs2: check if cluster name exists before deref
Scott Wood (1):
i2c: cpm: Fix build by adding of_address.h and of_irq.h
Steven Rostedt (Red Hat) (1):
tracing: Fix traceon trigger condition to actually turn tracing on
Theodore Ts'o (1):
ext4: atomically set inode->i_flags in ext4_set_inode_flags()
Thomas Petazzoni (3):
net: mvneta: rename MVNETA_GMAC2_PSC_ENABLE to MVNETA_GMAC2_PCS_ENABLE
net: mvneta: fix usage as a module on RGMII configurations
net: mvneta: use devm_ioremap_resource() instead of of_iomap()
Toshiaki Makita (2):
bridge: Fix inabillity to retrieve vlan tags when tx offload is disabled
bridge: Fix handling stacked vlan tags
Veaceslav Falico (1):
MAINTAINERS: bonding: change email address
Vlad Yasevich (8):
tg3: Do not include vlan acceleration features in vlan_features
vlan: Set hard_header_len according to available acceleration
net: Account for all vlan headers in skb_mac_gso_segment
bridge: Fix crash with vlan filtering and tcpdump
qlge: Do not propaged vlan tag offloads to vlans
ifb: Remove vlan acceleration from vlan_features
veth: Turn off vlan rx acceleration in vlan_features
vlan: Warn the user if lowerdev has bad vlan features.
Wei Liu (1):
xen/balloon: flush persistent kmaps in correct position
Wei Yang (1):
net/mlx4_core: pass pci_device_id.driver_data to __mlx4_init_one
during reset
Zoltan Kiss (1):
core, nfqueue, openvswitch: Orphan frags in skb_zerocopy and handle errors
Austin Stewart is an assistant professor of design at Iowa State University with a simple idea: maybe we should help chickens play second life. Through virtual reality goggles. Before we kill and eat them.
The idea, called Second Livestock, has gone viral since getting picked up in the Ames Tribune (Iowa State's local paper) and then Fast Company, and it may seem silly, but as with most wacky-seeming ideas, there's a more sophisticated argument being made here than you might expect. I called up Stewart Friday to walk me through the case for developing virtual reality-enabled, massively multiplayer online games for chickens. Here's his case.
It enables chickens to live a free-range life
Key to the vision of Second Livestock is that it would enable what Stewart calls "Virtual Free Range™" living. In theory, you could run a farm of Second Livestock-playing chickens, who in fact live cheek by jowl with each other, but who perceive themselves as living together on an open field.
Stewart envisions Second Livestock as purely a social experience between chickens rather than as a game involving AI bots pretending to be chickens. "Maybe the farmer could disguise himself as a chicken to check on his flock, but there would be no non-player characters," he says. "They'd be real chickens, because the facilities are all networked together, and they'd be in the same virtual world, and they'd have microphones."
But it avoids the disadvantages of conventional free range farming
The most obvious cost of free range farming, from the farmer's perspective, is that it requires more land per chicken than raising them in cages very close to one another. Second Livestock would enable farmers to raise the chickens closer together while still providing the mental experience of living on an open field.
But there are also benefits to the chicken relative to free range farming, Stewart says. He got the initial germ of the idea for Second Livestock from a talk by Michael Mercil, chair of the department of art at Ohio State (where Stewart went to grad school), in which Mercil emphasized that free range living can be rather dangerous and stressful for chickens. "There's research suggesting that free range chickens show all the signs of having a stressful life," Stewart says. "They have more broken bones, they get broken legs, etc., whereas birds raised in little boxes don't have those indicators of stress. And who's to say which is better?"
Second Livestock allows farms to avoid that stress, both for the chickens' sake and because the risk of physical injury or death that comes with free range farming isn't present. The latter factor could make Second Livestock-raised chickens cheaper than free range ones. "You don't have the loss you do when you farm free range chickens," Stewart explains. "You'd be harvesting a significantly higher number of chickens."
What is the world of Second Livestock like?
When describing the actual map of Second Livestock (developed using the game engine Unity by Stewart and an Iowa State student of his, Ryan Wade), Stewart gets fairly utopian. "There's water sources and little bugs that crawl around, that are mapped to where the food and water trays are [in the cage], so they can bend and actually drink water and eat food," he explains. "Those things are the ideal of chicken life, and there are no predators, obviously. So they're free to just worry about chicken business."
But would chicken actually, you know, like that? It's hard to say. While Stewart has created an exhibition wherein one can put on an Oculus Rift and see the world of Second Livestock, he has yet to test it on real chickens. That'd require approval from various ethics committees at his university, and Stewart is a designer, rather than an animal technologist. "I don't feel comfortable strapping a headset on a chicken and seeing what happens," he says. And he's open to the idea that, if tested, it might just not work. "Will animals actually accept a virtual world as readily as we do, or is there some level of intelligence or imagination that needs to happen where we can suspend disbelief more readily than a chicken can?" he asks. "I don't know."
The idea was more to start a discussion about the world we're comfortable letting the animals we eat live in — and that we're comfortable living in ourselves. "I feel like this is more of a design project, to get people to have a conversation about animal husbandry," he says. "We live in boxes, just like the chickens we eat."
Correction: This article originally misspelled Ryan Wade's name and said he went to Ohio State rather than Iowa State. We regret the error.
On April 15, 2013, two homemade bombs detonated near the finish line of the annual Boston Marathon. Three people were killed and several hundred others were injured.
Five days later, the Boston Red Sox returned to Fenway for the first time since the horrible tragedy, but they – and their fans – did so proudly and without fear. And at least some of their courage can be credited to the speech David Ortiz delivered to the Boston crowd.
If you haven't seen it before, you're in for something special. Ortiz does a fantastic job as a leader, not only of the Red Sox, but of Boston in general. Check it out (and prepare for goosebumps):
Your browser does not support iframes.
If you can't watch the video right now, here's what the (then) 11-year Red Sox DH had to say.
This jersey that we wear today, doesn't say Red Sox. It says Boston. We want to thank you, Mayor Menino, Governor Patrick, the whole Police Department for the great job that they did this past week. This is our f***ing city. And nobody's gonna dictate our freedom. Stay strong.
I remember watching this live on TV, and, unlike the video above, nothing was bleeped out. And no one cared. At that moment, Ortiz brought a whole lot of people together and that was the most important thing he could've done.
A man in his 70s has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago.
The police investigation into the death of Elsie Frost, 14, in West Yorkshire in 1965 was re-opened last year after a series of reports on BBC Radio 4.
Police say a 78-year-old man was held in Berkshire. The BBC understands his name is Peter Pickering.
Elsie was stabbed to death in a tunnel beneath a railway line in Wakefield on 9 October 1965.
She had been on her way home from her school's sailing club, close to the River Calder and the Calder and Hebble Canal.
A large police operation followed. The area was searched for the murder weapon, which was never found and hundreds of people were interviewed but no-one was ever convicted of her murder.
As the 50th anniversary of her death approached, her older sister, Anne Cleave, contacted BBC Radio 4's PM programme, which started to look at what had happened.
As a result, police launched a new investigation. It has involved a team of 14 and thousands of pages of written evidence have been examined.
'New information'
In a statement, West Yorkshire Police said: "Officers from West Yorkshire Police`s Homicide and Major Enquiry Team (HMET) arrested a 78-year-old man in the Berkshire area on Tuesday 27 September on suspicion of the murder of 14-year-old Elsie Frost.
"The man is now in custody at a police station within the Thames Valley force area and will be questioned by West Yorkshire officers".
Image copyright West Yorkshire Police Image caption Elsie's body was found on 9 October 1965 beneath a railway line in Wakefield
It is only the second arrest since the killing. The first was in 1966 when a 33-year-old man was charged with her murder. The case was thrown out in court after a judge instructed the jury to find him not guilty.
Reacting to the arrest, Elsie Frost's younger brother, Colin said: "As a family, we're very pleased. All we wanted was to be taken seriously.
"We were aware that mistakes were made in 1965 but we've been impressed with the commitment of West Yorkshire Police in the reinvestigation - the number of officers involved, the number of agencies involved.
"We wanted the re-investigation to be re-opened and that's what we've achieved."
Det Supt Nick Wallen, who is leading the investigation, said: "We have received significant numbers of calls and emails from members of the public offering new information, and have generated new lines of inquiry which officers have been progressing ever since."
He praised Elsie Frost's family for their perseverance and said they are being kept fully informed.
It's an old story, but it bears retelling. One day at the dawn of the 1960s, a lawyer named Peter Benenson was reading the newspaper on the London subway. He came across a small item reporting that two students from Portugal—then still a fascist dictatorship running a filthy empire in Africa—had been sentenced to seven years imprisonment for raising a toast to liberty in a public place in Lisbon. After a short cogitation, he decided to take action, and his open letter concerning “prisoners of conscience” was published on the front page of the London Observer. You may never have heard or read about this micro-event or its macro consequences, but I am willing to wager that you have heard of Amnesty International, which was the great tree that sprouted from this acorn. Its “branches”—the innumerable local groups that sprang into existence—have been responsible for the release of many political prisoners and the public shaming of many of the regimes that hold them.
In common with all great ideas, the Amnesty concept was marvelously simple. Each local branch was asked to sponsor a minimum of three prisoners of conscience: one from a NATO country, one from a Warsaw Pact country, and one from the Third—or neutralist—World. In time, the organization also evolved policies that opposed the use of capital punishment or torture in all cases, but the definition of “prisoner of conscience” remained central. And it included a requirement that the prisoner in question be exactly that: a person jailed for the expression of an opinion. Amnesty did not adopt people who either used or advocated violence.
This organization is precious to me and to millions of other people, including many thousands of men and women who were and are incarcerated and maltreated because of their courage as dissidents and who regained their liberty as a consequence of Amnesty International's unsleeping work. So to learn of its degeneration and politicization is to be reading about a moral crisis that has global implications.
Amnesty International has just suspended one of its senior officers, a woman named Gita Sahgal who until recently headed the organization's “gender unit.” It's fairly easy to summarize her concern in her own words. “To be appearing on platforms with Britain's most famous supporter of the Taliban, whom we treat as a human rights defender,” she wrote, “is a gross error of judgment.” One might think that to be an uncontroversial statement, but it led to her immediate suspension.
The background is also distressingly easy to summarize. Moazzem Begg, a British citizen, was arrested in Pakistan after fleeing Afghanistan in the aftermath of the intervention in 2001. He was imprisoned in Guantanamo Bay and then released. He has since become the moving spirit in a separate organization calling itself Cageprisoners. Begg does not deny his past as an Islamist activist, which took him to Afghanistan in the first place. He does not withdraw from his statement that the Taliban was the best government available to Afghanistan. Cageprisoners has another senior member named Asim Qureshi, who speaks in defense of jihad at rallies sponsored by the extremist group Hizb-ut Tahrir (banned in many Muslim countries). Cageprisoners also defends men like Abu Hamza, leader of the mosque that sheltered Richard “Shoe Bomber” Reid among many other violent and criminal characters who have been convicted in open court of heinous offenses that have nothing at all to do with freedom of expression. Yet Amnesty International includes Begg in delegations that petition the British government about human rights. For Saghal to say that Cageprisoners has a program that goes “way beyond being a prisoners' rights organization” is to say the very least of it. But that's all she had to say in order to be suspended from her job. As I write this, she is experiencing some difficulty in getting a lawyer to represent her. Such is—so far—the prestige of Amnesty International. “Although it is said that we must defend everybody no matter what they've done,” she comments, “it appears that if you're a secular, atheist, Asian British woman, you don't deserve a defense from our civil rights firms.”
That may well change, and I hope it does. But Sahgal has it slightly wrong. Amnesty International was not set up to defend everybody, no matter what they did. No organization in the world could hope to do that. IRA bombers and Khmer Rouge killers and Gens. Pinochet and Videla were not Amnesty prisoners when they eventually faced the bar of the court. The entire raison d'être of the noble foundation was to defend and protect those who were made to suffer for their views. In theory, I suppose, this could include the view that women should be chattel, homosexuals and Jews and Hindus marked for slaughter, and all the rest of the lovely jihadist canon. But—see above—Cageprisoners defends those who have gone slightly further than merely advocating such things. It's well-nigh incredible that Amnesty should give a platform to people who are shady on this question and absolutely disgraceful that it should suspend a renowned employee who gave voice to her deep and sincere misgivings.
The other great thing about the early days of Amnesty International was its voluntary principle. It was all a matter of free individuals giving their time and money in the cause of the rights of others. Some estimates say that there are currently more than 2 million subscribers worldwide. It's now incumbent on any member who takes the original charter seriously to withdraw funding until Begg is cut loose to run his own beautiful organization and until Sahgal has been reinstated.
Update Feb. 15: Gita Saghal's supporters now have a Web site, which contains further material about Amnesty's betrayal of its founding principles. I urge you to visit it.
Become a fan of Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
SWling Post reader, Philip Dickinson, recently contacted me with the following question:
“I have just bought a Tecsun 606 which takes two AA batteries which I think are normally rated at 1.2 volts. I have just ordered some lithium-ion AA and notice that they are 3.7 volts. Can I use them?”
I replied to Philip that I'm pretty sure I've used lithiums in my PL-380 and/or PL-310ET without experiencing any problems. I know I've certainly used lithiums in several other receivers. [Update: I've always used Energizer and Duracell 1.5 V Lithium AA batteries–not 3.6V AA batteries.]
As I was about to post his question here on the Post, Philip sent another message:
“I found Tecsun's email address and they rule out the 3.7 volt lithiums. Good job I checked.”
Wow–indeed, I'm glad you checked as well!
I had searched the PL-606 owner's manual (PDF), but found no reference for voltage tolerances. Now I'm curious if other Tecsun receivers would have difficulty handling the higher lithium voltage.
Please comment if you have insight!
[UPDATE: Please check out this follow-up post and primer on Lithium batteries.]
Related
SCP-2148
Item #: SCP-2148
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2148 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██. SCP-2148-1 is to remain in place at all times. Class C amnestics are to be administered to SCP-2148 if its anomalous properties manifest.
Description: SCP-2148 is a male humanoid of Indian descent. The words "Mr. Stripes, from Little Misters ® by Dr. Wondertainment" are tattooed upon SCP-2148's right bicep. SCP-2148-1 is a white blindfold immune to the effects of SCP-2148 with the brand name "Doctor's Orders" sewn into it, worn by SCP-2148 since discovery.
The anomalous properties of SCP-2148 do not manifest unless it is able to visually commit something other than SCP-2148-1 or itself to memory. When it is able to dedicate a person or object to memory via visual stimuli, all current physical and digital information concerning said person or object is immediately obscured via black bars. No alterations occur to media created after this event unless SCP-2148 observes the person or object in question a second time. Class C amnestics have proven capable of reversing this process if applied within three hours of exposure.
SCP-2148 was discovered outside Site-██ by Dr. ███████, and was the first anomaly associated with the "Little Mister" series encountered by the Foundation.
Foreword: The following transcript was recreated using the recorded audio due to the alterations to the original transcript, detected 07/03/1995. <Begin Log> SCP-2148: Is Mr. Lie here yet? Dr. ███████: Excuse me? SCP-2148: Just, uh, curious. Y'know, wondering if I could see my brother again. Well, y'know, figuratively speaking. Never actually seen him before. But he said he'd be here right after me, and I've been here for a bit and I haven't seen him yet. Figuratively. Dr. ███████: No, he's not here yet. So there are more Little Misters? SCP-2148: Oh, yeah. Twenty in total, counting myself. The numbers don't mean anything, but I was the first Little Mister that Doctor Wondertainment made. Mr. Lie told me that. Then he told me we were collector's items, which made enough sense. Dr. ███████: Did you see them often? SCP-2148: Like, literally? I saw them each once. Well, except for Redd. Had to see him twice. Kinda makes me wish I didn't have photographic memory, to be perfectly honest. Dr. ███████: You said you haven't seen Mr. Lie? SCP-2148: Nope. Er, yes I said that. [Pauses] I have not seen him. He told me he was supposed to be last for some reason, I guess? Never really figured out why, but that wasn't really my place, y'know? I was just supposed to follow him around and look at stuff. Dr. ███████: And where did the two of you go? What did you look at? SCP-2148: Oh, y'know, stuff. Took a lot of trips into government buildings, or at least that's what everybody else was saying. I guess I wouldn't right know, y'know? Always had Mr. Lie to show me the way, though. He had a lot of friends, Mr. Lie, and he always knew right what to say to get us where we needed to be. Never actually got to see him, though. The Doctor gave me this note saying I shouldn't look at Lie yet, but then the note had all these black lines on it. So that was weird. Dr. ███████: And do you have any idea where Mr. Lie is currently? SCP-2148: Nope! Should be here soon, though. Can't wait to see him. <End Log>
Addendum 1: Within two weeks of the initial containment of SCP-2148, both SCP-905 and SCP-920 arrived at Site-██ through unknown means. A conference was held between the current Site Director and O5-4 to discuss the repeated information breach. Site Director ███████ requested all future anomalies associated with the "Little Mister" series to be contained within Hall ██, which was approved by O5-4. SCP-2148 was then relocated to its new containment cell within Hall ██ without issue.
Addendum 2: On 05/12/1995 an anomaly (tentatively designated SCP-2148-2) within Site-██ security footage was discovered, beginning with the initial recovery of SCP-2148 and lasting roughly three weeks. SCP-2148-2 manifested as a black bar obscuring Dr. ███████ and Site Director ███████ at intermittent intervals on all security footage.
When questioned about this, both personnel cited two distinct and equally clear memories during the times SCP-2148-2 followed them. Dr. ███████ cited he was conducting testing with an unrelated anomaly, and Site Director ███████ claimed to either be doing paperwork or in one case communicating with O5-4. Both claims have been corroborated by other personnel, including O5-4, and surveillance footage.
SCP-2148-2 manifestation ended shortly after an interview between SCP-2148 and Dr. ███████ while he was obscured by SCP-2148-2. Dr. ███████ exited Site-██ shortly after, exiting camera view without incident.
When questioned about this, SCP-2148 claimed to have no knowledge of how this could have occurred. A search of its cell revealed one previously unaccounted for photograph affected by the anomalous properties of SCP-2148.
Addendum 3: While originally thought to not possess a document of the Little Mister series, when questioned SCP-2148 unrolled SCP-2148-1 to reveal an equivalent printed on the obverse side.
He had one of the bleakest worldviews ever committed to paper, was racist – and could be a terrible writer. So why is HP Lovecraft more popular than ever?
Not only was the work of Howard Phillips Lovecraft uniformly bleak, but what he did write was sometimes execrable. Take this random passage from a 1985 HP Lovecraft omnibus: "But oddly enough, the worthy gentleman owned himself most impalpably disquieted by a mere minor detail. On the huge mahogany table there lay face downward a badly worn copy of Borellus, bearing many cryptical marginalia and interlineations in Curwen's hand."
The American writer, who died in 1937, is also widely considered today to have had unacceptable racist views. And yet, despite his prejudices and stylistic shortcomings, his work remains insanely popular. A Kickstarter appeal to fund a life-sized bust of the writer – for the Athanaeum Library, in his hometown of Providence in Rhode Island – roared past its target of $30,000 in a couple of days, closing at $55,000.
Meanwhile, the British graphic novel company Self Made Hero will this month publish the latest of many comic adaptations of Lovecraft's novels and stories. Called The Shadow Out of Time, this 1936 story, one of Lovecraft's last, tells of university professor Nathaniel Wingate Peaslee, who collapses one day in 1908 and doesn't come to his senses until 1913 – though in the intervening five years, his body has certainly been active, powered by agencies from beyond our world. "In 1909," says the professor, "I spent a month in the Himalayas, and in 1911 roused much attention through a camel trip into the unknown deserts of Arabia. What happened on those journeys I have never been able to learn."
Ian Culbard, who also adapted At the Mountains of Madness (which won him a 2011 British Fantasy award), ably transforms Lovecraft's somewhat lumpen and info-dumpy prose into a taut, chilling read, well-paced and illustrated with a suitably muted palette. It's a prime example of how Lovecraft's original ideas and concepts are all the more fascinating when placed in the hands of storytellers with a more contemporary narrative approach.
But perhaps the strangest Lovecraftian legacy is the range of stuffed "Cthulhu" toys and children's books based on his work. Cthulhu, who first appeared in the 1928 short story The Call of Cthulhu, is "a monster of vaguely anthropoid outline, but with an octopus-like head whose face was a mass of feelers" – one of a race of vast, unknowable elder beings who lurk at the crossroads between dimensions, or sleep fitfully in underwater cities, waiting until the time is right to rise again and devour all life on the planet".
The vast mythology Lovecraft created around this creature was named the Cthulhu Mythos after his death by his collaborator August Derleth. Another Kickstarter project is hoping to bring out – wait for it – Baby's First Mythos. This will be a revamp of a 2003 book by Americans CJ and Erica Henderson "that teaches the ABCs and numbers using The Cthulhu Mythos". Due to finish its stint on the crowdsourcing site on 6 June, it has already surpassed its $10,000 goal, with almost $18,000 in pledges from nearly 600 people.
Lovecraft's work is not obviously child-friendly. "I am so beastly tired of mankind and the world," he once wrote, "that nothing can interest me unless it contains a couple of murders on each page, or deals with the horrors unnameable and unaccountable that leer down from the external universes." So why a baby book? "When we first printed Baby's First Mythos a decade ago," says Erica Henderson, "it was meant as more of a novelty for adults. But parents came back to us years later and said they were teaching their children with it. I think people like it when horror is subverted."
Why does she think he is so popular? "Lovecraft made a world where humans are alone, floating on a rock in a terrifying larger universe that we cannot possibly comprehend because our time in it has been so short and we are so insignificant compared to the horrors from the Cthulhu Mythos. So much of modern horror is based on that idea. We wouldn't have Ghostbusters if it weren't for Lovecraft – and that's the best argument I can think of for his work."
These days, it's not so much his strange hybrid of science fiction and supernatural terror that is the problem as his racism. When the Nigerian-American Nnedi Okorafor became the first black woman to win the World Fantasy award in 2011, a friend pointed out the fact that the award was problematic – it being a bust of Lovecraft. Okorafor gamely reproduces one of his racist poems on her blog and writes: "I am the first black person to win the World Fantasy award for Best Novel since its inception in 1975. Lovecraft is probably rolling in his grave."
In Against the World, Against Life, his biography of the writer, the French novelist Michel Houellebecq ascribes Lovecraft's racism to his relatively wealthy New England upbringing suddenly bumping up against two years of rougher living in multicultural New York. But fellow writer Nicole Cushing refuses to accept the oft-trotted out excuse that Lovecraft, born in 1890, was merely "a man of his time". She says Lovecraft seems "obsessed with the theme of white supremacy, taking opportunities to shoehorn it into stories even when it's totally unnecessary".
So why do we continue to fete Lovecraft instead of burying him quietly away? US author Elizabeth Bear, accepting that Lovecraft's views are "revolting", posits this answer: "Because authors are read, beloved, and remembered, not for what they do wrong, but for what they do right, and what Lovecraft does right is so incredibly effective. He's a master of mood, of sweeping blasted vistas of despair and the bone-soaking cold of space. He has at his command a worldview that the average human being, drunk on our own species-wide egocentrism, finds compelling for its sheer contrariness."
(RNS) A large-scale Bible museum will open in Washington, D.C., within four years, say planners who have been touring the world with portions of their collection.
Cary Summers, chief operating officer of The Museum of the Bible, a nonprofit umbrella group for the collection of the billionaire Green family of Oklahoma, said they considered Washington, Dallas and New York but decided the nation's capital was the best location. The final name of the museum and its exact location have not been disclosed but planners hope to confirm a location later this summer.
Research they commissioned found that the general population was more willing to travel to the nation's capital for a Bible-focused museum than the other two cities, Summers said.
“In reality, the population base within that eight-to-10 hour drive of D.C. represents half the U.S. or two-thirds and there's a lot of Christians in that group,” he said Tuesday (July 10).
Summers, who has been a consultant on the Creation Museum's planned life-size Noah's Ark in Kentucky, said the Bible museum will charge admission. Although
the museums of the Smithsonian Institution are free, he noted that the Newseum and the Spy Museum both charge admission and have been successful.
A sampling of the Bible museum's offerings — from the collection of more than 40,000 artifacts — have been displayed in the Passages Exhibit at the Vatican and in Oklahoma City and Atlanta and will soon appear in Charlotte, N.C.
Summers said the traveling exhibit recreates at 80 percent scale the chamber of London's Westminster Abbey where the King James Version of the Bible was written. A full-scale recreation is planned for the museum.
Steve Green, president of the Hobby Lobby arts and crafts chain and a Southern Baptist, said the museum will feature the history, contents and influence of the Bible but will leave it up to visitors to decide whether to believe the holy book.
“When we present the evidence, I think it's going to be compelling for somebody to say, `Wow, this is a compelling book. I might want to consider what it has to say,'” he said.
Istrolid Update 0.46.7
treeform Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 14, 2017
New parts and changes
Dampener
A weapon mod that reduces the speed of a projectile by 8% and the energy consumption by 25%
Orb Launcher
A light, long range projectile with an arming phase. Useful for bombardment against slow enemies. Able to strike heavily point-defended enemies, as it is not a missile.
Demispinal and Spinal Changes
A lighter spinal that gives +250m range, for $10 and 15T. Spinal now gives +500m range for $20 and 40T. Spinal range bonus now applies after the % bonus from weapon mods, reducing max ranges with range mods.
Emp Warhead
An EMP Warhead and nerfs to current explosive warhead
Speed Coils
Changed effect scale. Has linear increase. Increases speed by 60%.
Sidewinder
Now circles in place when it has no target, rather then flying off away from the enemy.
New Engine Sizes
Larger Bulk Thruster(47$), Small Cruiser Thruster (44$)
Bulk Thruster Nerf
Below 60 m/s, bulk speeds should generally be faster. Above, they and bulk turn speed should be slower.
AI
Now preserves hold position.
Can skip the rally point.
Evaluates the less range criteria correctly.
Micor Changed
Bugs fixed
About
From the small student town of Leiden in the Netherlands, home to some great minds like Rembrandt and Armin Van Buuren. Teachings from Einstein and Grotius once echoed the streets of this intellectually bubbling place. To celebrate this great tradition of forward thinkers, we think its time people have their own say in products created for them, especially those which we carry with us everyday. We are custom designing phone cases to 3D print with continuos strands of carbon fiber, Kevlar and fiberglass. Some are more dense then others which result in cases that are stronger then aluminium. Why not just use metal? Well thats not nearly as 21st century as we would like, and those cases tend to block reception and focus antenna's toward the cranium. We have even been mixing carbon fiber with Kevlar which result in some truly amazing cases, black and yellow amazingness. Express your affinity toward the 3D printing revolution and have a voice in your own creation.
It follows a series of warning in recent days from what Sturgeon called “credible independent voices” – Glasgow University principal Anton Muscatelli, influential economist Jim Cuthbert, and the leadership of the Scottish Trades Union Congress – that Scotland could be massively disadvantaged unless a fair and enduring deal is agreed.
The Bill, enacting the Smith Report on further devolution, would give the Scottish Government responsibility for income tax and assign it half Scotland's VAT revenues, in return for a downward adjustment to the Barnett Formula for allocating Scotland's block grant share of UK spending.
But the talks over what that adjustment should be, and how it should be calculated in future, have become bogged down, missing their initial autumn completion target. Swinney told the CIPFA Scotland conference in March that he would not recommend Holyrood's required assent to the Bill without a fair fiscal settlement.
In an article for today's Herald newspaper, Muscatelli urges Scottish ministers not to settle for more devolution “at any price”, and warns that suggested formulae for recalculating Barnett in years ahead could leave Scotland “hundreds of millions of pounds” out of pocket. The issue of future-proofing the formula is understood to be the key barrier to a settlement.
Muscatelli says indexing to population, as the Treasury reportedly proposes, would hurt Scotland because its share of income tax is less than its share of the UK population. “Even if Scotland matched UK economic performance and grew its tax revenues by the same rate as the rest of the UK, the amount deducted from the block grant would always be larger than the revenues collected from tax,” he said.
“A much better alternative would be to index the block grant adjustment to the growth in income tax receipts per person in the rest of the UK.
“The Scottish budget would be no better or worse off.”
Cuthbert, writing for the Bella Caledonia website, calls the fiscal settlement “a decision which is likely to be second in importance, over the past 300 years, only to the recent referendum.”
Like Muscatelli, Cuthbert is concerned about what happens to the block grant after the initial “no detriment” provision insisted on by Smith expires, and he warns that the issue of relative population share would also create problems under the so-called Holtham principle, as proposed by the previous UK coalition, to index block grant reduction to growth in the overall UK income tax base.
“In order to grow our overall income tax base at the same rate as the rest of the UK, we would have to grow our per capita tax base faster than the rest of the UK,” Cuthbert writes.
“The only way Scotland can grow its income tax base is by growing its economy. However, under the post-referendum settlement, the Scottish government will lack many important economic powers.”
He adds: “What Scotland is actually being invited to take part in is the great Smith handicap race. We will hobble you by denying you the most important economic powers. Then we will set up a fiscal system where you have to engage in an economic race with the rest of the UK. And if you fail to win in that handicap race, then you will be severely penalised.”
STUC general secretary Grahame Smith said: “Scotland could find itself disadvantaged to the tune hundreds of millions in a relatively short space of time if the wrong method is applied and this figure could reach the billions over a longer time period.
“In this context, it would be completely wrong for the deputy first minister to sign up to a mechanism for block grant adjustment which would structurally disadvantage Scotland. It would also be entirely wrong for the Scottish Government's political opponents to characterise an appropriately firm bargaining position as the [Scottish} Government ‘dragging its feet' on new powers.
“The Fiscal Framework is absolutely central to the impact of further devolution and it would be entirely wrong to sleepwalk into a bad deal,” Smith said.
UPDATED
‘You can have your opinion' as long as it doesn't ‘deny my existence'
It's uncommon at Jesuit universities these days for someone to openly share a traditional Catholic viewpoint.
When it happened at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles, the school was so spooked it called the Los Angeles Police Department.
Both the police and the university's Bias Incident Response Team are investigating the stated belief that only two genders exist, male and female, as a hate crime.
A Loyola alumni office employee discussed her views on sexual orientation, which align with the Roman Catholic Church, with three students who were hanging up posters on the subject on April 14.
Cosette Carleo, one of the students involved, told The College Fix in a phone interview that the hate crime under investigation is “denying transgenderism.”
Carleo's account agrees in part with an email by the husband of the employee with whom she tangled.
The employee told Carleo, who identifies as gender-neutral, that only two genders exist, male and female, according to the student. Carleo told The Fix that statement was the hate crime.
Carleo responded that “you can have your opinion” as long as it doesn't “deny my existence.”
Promoting ‘PanSexual' lifestyle
Outside reports of what happened differ. The Bias Incident Response Team said in a statement obtained by The Los Angeles Loyolan that the team, the campus Public Safety office and LAPD were “looking into the events of April 14 as reported by the three students.”
Carleo told The Loyolan that she and two other students noticed that Rainbow Week posters “had been removed and placed behind a garbage can.”
As they were reposting the signs, the employee “allegedly approached the students about LGBTQ+ issues and voiced her opinions on differing sexualities, expressing that anti-LGBTQ+ signs should be put up in place of the students' sign.”
Carleo told The Loyolan the employee “told me that I was wrong and unnatural.” An opinion editor at The Loyolan also referred to the employee's traditional Catholic view as a “hate crime” because it “disrespect[ed] someone else's existence.”
In an April 16 email forwarded to California Catholic Daily, the employee's husband blasted The Loyolan for a “distortion of facts” around the incident, saying his wife told him about the entire incident the same day it happened. (Neither has been publicly identified.)
The students were hanging up signs promoting “PanSexual” orientation, the husband wrote. After the employee discussed her traditional Catholic views on love and sexuality, it was the students who “suggested that Campus ministry place a sign promoting the Catholic idea of relationships next to their signs next year.”
The husband wrote that an alum who overheard his wife's conversation with the students can back her account.
After discussing the signs, “everyone shook hands and my wife invited them into the Alumni office anytime they wanted to talk more,” the husband wrote. “The girls express out loud how much they enjoyed the opportunity to ‘dialogue' on these subjects with my wife.”
The husband said his wife was suspended before anyone “got her side of the story” and the alum who witnessed the incident has not been interviewed either.
When the employee approached her supervisor “to protest the accuracy” of the Loyolan article, the supervisor “refused to talk to her,” the husband wrote.
A Facebook user claiming to be the LMU alum who was with the employee, Anthony “AJ” Gonzales, wrote a long post about the altercation, clarifying that he was on the phone with the employee.
Gonzales said the employee was “in the process of seeking legal counsel” to defend herself and hold LMU accountable for how she was “unfairly treated and summarily dismissed” before she could give her side.
Gonzales told The Fix in a Facebook message that he had composed a “witness declaration which has already been provided to the administration and the legal representative of my friend.”
On May 9, a spokesman for the Freedom of Conscience Defense Fund told The Fix that the employee was being defended by Charles LiMandri, the same attorney defending indicted pro-life activist David Daleiden.
The account given by the LMU Gender-Sexuality Alliance does not square with what Carleo told The Fix.
The alliance's press release said the verbal altercation happened between 9 a.m and noon, but Carleo said it happened between 12:30 and 1:15 p.m. Carleo said the students assumed the signs, which had been posted two days earlier, had been removed between 9 and noon. Though the Bias Incident Response Team told The Loyolan there were two investigations – the sign removal and the employee's conversation with the students – Carleo admitted they have no evidence that the employee removed the signs. Carleo told The Fix that while voices were raised in the conversation, there was no actual yelling, and witnesses who considered intervening saw that “there was no danger.”
Anthony Garrison-Engbrecht, director of LMU's LGBT Student Services, referred Fix inquiries to spokeswoman Celeste Durante. She told The Fix on April 19 that the investigation was ongoing.
The alumni office employee did not return requests for comment. An email to her drew an automatic “out of the office” reply.
Loyolan Assistant News Editor Kellie Chudzinksi, the author of the article, did not return multiple requests for an explanation of how she attempted to reach the employee.
UPDATE: The unidentified employee is being represented by the Freedom of Conscience Defense Fund. Her friend Anthony Gonzales also stated that he has provided a witness declaration to the firm and the university administration.
CLARIFICATION: The university's Bias Incident Response Team is the source of the statement that the Los Angeles Police Department is part of the investigation. The article has been amended to clarify this.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGES: Ashley Marinaccio/Flickr, Mishigaki/Wikimedia Commons
“Everybody recognizes the United States as the only industrialized nation in the world with no significant movement for socialism. Since World War II, most Americans have come to assume that this has always been so, for not only in the affluent post-war years but even during the Great Depression (when American capitalism had collapsed and could revive itself only with the start of arms production for another world war), the idea of socialism remained the property of small and isolated groups. The reasons for this are also well known. They include the high American standard of living, the impact of free land and unique class mobility in a society with no feudal past, and the speed and ease with which sophisticated liberals, starting with Theodore Roosevelt, have been able to appropriate enough of the left's demands to capture a good part of a potential socialist following. Then, too, the United States, being an immigrant nation, has been as sharply divided along lines of race and national origin as along those of class. Suppression of leftists and of their right to speak, removal of socialist publications from the mails, harassment of socialist organizations and prosecution of their leaders by federal, state, and local governments have also weakened the left.
“Unquestionably, the success of America capitalism has been outstanding. Yet the reasons for the absence of a coherent socialist movement in the United States for the past 65 years cannot be wholly understood by the celebration of entrepreneurial vigor and nature's largesse, much less by the success of the repressive state apparatus. In large part, the failure of the American left has been internal. But the failure should not be understood as the socialists' inability to win a majority to their cause or as their inability to take power. Given the strength of American capitalism, that was never a possibility.
“Rather, the failure of an American has been its episodic character, in the inability of socialists to create and sustain a political movement that is a part of the mainstream of American political life — something the old Socialist Party briefly became — and that is able to survive defeats, learn from its mistakes, and retain organizational and intellectual continuity and growth.
“In short, the left has failed in not being able to create a community that is based on a set of clearly articulated principles and sustained by its application of those principles to the major political problems of the day.” — James Weinstein, introduction to The Decline of American Socialism in America: 1912-1925.
Advertisements
Whoo, boy. The truth just keeps getting whacked by this gangster White House. The how-low-can-he-go bar keeps falling. Is there no bottom? Not for some time, friends, so hold on.
We learned this week that President Trump does not believe his own words on videotape — words that he had earlier acknowledged, in explaining how a star can get away with the type of predatory behavior that has caused everyone but him to get fired.
We learned that he endorsed a website that says the pope uses magic to mastermind world events. This, after he gave a thumbs up to a media outlet that claims NASA runs a child labor colony on Mars.
We learned that he still believes three million fraudulent voters caused him to lose the popular vote, that no president has accomplished so much in 10 months as he, that Barack Obama is not a citizen of the United States.
There has been a community backlash after a Belfast mural paying tribute to late British DJ John Peel was removed today.
Lyrics from The Undertones' debut single Teenage Kicks - “Teenage dreams, so hard to beat” - were spray-painted under a motorway flyover after the Radio 1 star's death nine years ago.
The non-sectarian mural has now been repainted as part of a £300,000 (€351,000) public-realm improvement scheme, prompting a storm of protest on social media websites - with some people questioning why other murals depicting gunmen have not also been removed.
The cult classic Teenage Kicks became a hit in 1978 after John Peel played it twice in a row on his popular show. He later described the song as his favourite, and requested the lyrics be inscribed onto his headstone.
Undertones bass player Michael Bradley was among those who took to Twitter to vent their frustration.
He said: “So the John Peel graffiti removed in Belfast. Undertones now going to paint over the DRD [Department of Social Development] building. Call the Outcasts!”
Terri Hooley, the man behind the recording of Teenage Kicks and whose story was the subject of the successful film Good Vibrations, said he was bewildered by the decision.
“I am surprised, shocked and very sad about it,” he said. “It just seems to have been an easy target — all the murals for paramilitaries and violence have been left up - I don't understand why they took this one down. It was there for nine years and no one graffitied over it — that is unusual in Belfast.
“A lot of people considered Teenage Kicks to be the national anthem of Northern Ireland.”
The mural was painted under the M3 flyover at Bridge End in east Belfast close to a sectarian interface where rival gangs of Catholics and Protestants youths have clashed in recent times.
‘Cultural vandalism'
Human rights campaigner Patrick Corrigan described the removal as “cultural vandalism” on Twitter.
“They've killed #teenagedreams,” he said.
An east Belfast Protestant who called himself RudyardKipling7 also posted: “Of all the murals in Belfast the #DSD choose to remove the Teenage Dreams one? Buffoons.”
The DSD, which was responsible for removing the graffiti, said it would consider funding a new mural painted by children from the local area.
A spokeswoman said: “We do not remove graffiti as a standalone issue, however, we will always remove graffiti, after consultation, as part of any scheme if it falls within a scheme area.
“Community representatives from the area have made initial contact with the department to develop a proposal to bring together teenagers from the Short Strand and Newtownards Road area to design alternative community artwork in this location.
“The department has funded similar schemes in other locations and does not foresee any issue with an agreed new community mural, subject to consultation with DRD Roads Service, who own the wall.”
East Belfast MLA Chris Lyttle from the cross community Alliance Party said people were frustrated by the situation.
“There is a certainly a question being asked as to why this popular, non-divisive mural was painted over and more contentious ones have been left as they are.
“I have contacted DSD with a view to getting what had become an iconic image for the residents of east Belfast restored as soon as possible and I hope that will be the case,” he said.
PA
Toby Alderweireld: the defender impressed this season on loan from Atletico Madrid
Southampton's on-loan defender Toby Alderweireld admits he has no idea where he will be plying his trade next season.
Alderweireld, 26, joined Saints on a season-long loan from Spanish champions Atletico Madrid last summer.
The Belgium international has figured prominently under Ronald Koeman, and Southampton have an option to make his deal permanent in the summer, although Atletico can pay a small fee to negate that clause.
Either way, the defender says he is yet to make a decision on his future.
“In any case, that they speak well of one does not hurt anyone. If they speak well of me that signifies that I am having a good season,” Alderweireld told Fan magazine.
“I am not going to hide it – it is nice to read this kind of stuff. I feel good in the Premier League, but I have no idea about any concrete interest.
"Atletico can make me return because I still have two more years on my contract, Southampton can buy me, another club can make an offer…
“It seems, at least, that it is going to be another hectic summer for me.”
I'll start with number two: Radar detectors and modern roads don't really mesh all that well. Now, in the past when you got a radar detector, you could always count on it making its little chirping sounds and flashing its lights whenever you passed an automatic door (outside a shopping mall or a grocery store, for instance) because the technology they used was relatively similar to the technology radar detectors search for. And that makes sense.
Technology is only as good as our understanding of it. Radar detectors are tools with limitations, like any tool. The invention of the power drill didn't make screwdrivers obsolete, and no toolkit is complete without a hammer. Any project requires the very best of every tool available, and the basic intelligence not to use a hammer on a screw. Driving a car even one mile per hour over the speed limit requires a bit of preparation. An unlimited budget doesn't guarantee victory at the track. Skill does.
What kind of radar detector did DeMuro use? He doesn't say. Not all radar detectors are the same. Many are expensive bricks. If it was anything other than a Valentine 1 or top-of-the-line Escort, he's a fool. Speeding with a lesser detector is like smoking on the way to chemo, or wearing a helmet without a flak jacket, or buying used condoms in Vegas. Even if his detector was decent, everything that follows proves he didn't read the manual, or learn how they work, or both.
I originally started reaching this conclusion a few months ago, when I drove across the country and back in my radar detector-equipped Aston Martin V8 Vantage . On this 6,000-plus mile road trip, I discovered two very important things: One, radar detectors are being beaten at their own game. And two, radar detectors don't really work on modern roads.
I get emails on a daily basis from car enthusiasts asking what detector to buy. Does DeMuro? Maybe this was his way on cutting down on e-mails and comments he didn't want to (and couldn't) answer. That opening paragraph is perfectly constructed to maximize SEO. That last sentence? A beautiful slug complementing the title in Google search results.
I've recently come to a conclusion about radar detectors—an item that many car enthusiasts have considered crucial to avoiding speeding tickets for the last few decades. And my conclusion is: these days, in these modern times, they're useless. It's over. There's simply no point in having a radar detector anymore.
Did DeMuro consult with anyone before his making this sweeping generalization? RDforum.com and RadarDetector.net have tens of thousands of posts from avid detector users. If he needed a second or third opinion on the efficacy of detectors, not only does he have my phone number, he's friends with Ed Bolian, who broke our Cannonball Run record in 2013 using the same detector I use.
If you like speeding tickets, higher insurance premiums, giving your money to the government and trusting people you've never met, DeMuro's your guy. If you don't, let's learn why detectors still matter by deconstructing DeMuro's article line-by-line, starting with the headline:
Why should you trust my opinion? Because I led the team that broke the Cannonball Run record in 2007 , driving from New York to Los Angeles in 31 hours and 4 minutes. I also led the teams that set the electric and semi-autonomous records in 2016 (55 hours), the 3-wheeled record (41 hours), the Key West to Seattle record (45 hours, 24 minutes), and similar records across Sweden, Spain and Portugal.
I like DeMuro. We've met. I've been reading him since he started at Jalopnik. At his best, Demuro is the Dave Barry of automotive. I laughed out loud at DeMuro's Plays With Cars . He's a great entertainer. I also know he's not an idiot, so I can only assume he was too lazy to Google some basic facts, and willing to sacrifice his readers' wallets on the altar of alternative facts. Sad!
Radar detectors matter more than ever, but you wouldn't know it from the poorly researched clickbait that was Doug Demuro's recent article, “ Radar Detectors Are Useless Now .”
All those little chirping sounds and flashing lights that stymied DeMuro? They mean different things. You have to know what to listen for. Police radar operates in bands defined as X, K and Ka, and modern detectors can differentiate between them. Stationary radars used by door openers and burglar alarms generally operate in the X band. Older detectors — and cheaper detectors still sold today — are easily set off by X-band. That's why detector manufacturers began offering “City” mode, which (hopefully) filters out most X-band signals. Modern detectors use Digital Signal Processing (DSP) to warn of X-band signals which may still pose a threat, but since most police have migrated to K and Ka, X-band is less of a concern than it used to be. From the early 90's until recently, the state-of-the-art radar detector was the Valentine One. It was the only radar detector with a directional display with arrows. In its heyday, it made every other detector look like junk. A user with a bit of intelligence and experience could easily discern from the arrows whether an alert was an actual threat. The ability to interpret feedback from tools is called judgment, much like how serious drivers interpret steering feel and tire noise to determine grip. Front or rear alert? More likely to be a cop. Side alerts? Less likely. More importantly, the V1 was also the first detector that was hardware upgradeable. As police radar (and sources of false alarms) evolved, so did the V1. I've used a V1 on every single cross-country record to date. The results speak for themselves. The very best detectors may have GPS and a lockout feature, allowing users to tag false alarms by location. This works best for those who use detectors on commutes, but does nothing for those on a road they've never driven unless the device is networked. The latest solution? Connected detectors like Escort's Max 360, which, when used in conjunction with the Escort Live subscription service, crowdsource data — whether police or false alarms — across the network.
But these days, it isn't just shopping malls. Here in 2017, virtually every modern vehicle on the road is equipped with blind spot monitoring, parking sensors, adaptive cruise control and lane keep assist, and all of those systems seem to use some form of technology that makes a radar detector go crazy with flashing and chirping. Seriously: Take a radar detector down a road in a nice area, where people tend to have new cars. Every time you see a Mercedes, or a BMW -- in fact, most Fords and Chevys, these days -- your radar detector will freak out.
DeMuro is partially correct, but appears ignorant of progress on the detector side. Safety features on new cars can emit signals that set off detectors, and fixed GPS lockouts can't address them. Today's lesser detectors are often set off by cars whose radar-based safety systems overlap with K and Ka-band police radar, but a Google search (that took six seconds) unearthed this 2015 article explaining what DeMuro failed to mention: buy a V1 or halo Escort product, and the problem is at least partially solved. Valentine One offers a “Junk K-Fighter” hardware upgrade, and Escort's Max 360 — which I've been evaluating side-by-side with the V1 for the last year — is firmware updatable. Download and install their latest database incorporating the digital fingerprints of offending mobile radar sources, and the Max 360 will filter them out from police radar threats. Failing to update your detector is like running Windows 95 in 2017, or using an old anti-virus database. Amateur.
The number of false positives has gone from "annoying but acceptable" to "please shut up so I can listen to my music." If eight out of every nine radar detector chirps and flashes are fake, you start to simply not trust it. And then, what's the point?
If you're driving fast enough to need a detector, you shouldn't be listening to music. Visual warnings are seldom sufficiently clear to identify and interpret the type of incoming signal, especially if you've wisely mounted your detector slightly off-axis. You don't want it in front of your head, in case you have an accident, which means you need the loudest possible warnings.
And it's not just the false positives. Modern radar detectors are expensive…
Wrong. Modern detectors are cheap compared to the cost of potential tickets, court fees and increased insurance premiums over the lifetime of the very best units. They're a lot cheaper than using Uber or Lyft for the duration of a license suspension. A V1 with a smartphone interface and concealed display kit — both mandatory items for the serious user — is approximately $500. An Escort Max 360 — which includes the utterly essential directional display pioneered by the V1 — is about $700 with a phone interface. Add $50/year for the mandatory Premium Escort Live crowdsourcing subscription, and you possess a start-of-the-art tool. Are they perfect? No tool is, but they're the best ever made, and totally up to the task when used correctly. But there's more to that story.
...and they're being beaten at their own game by much cheaper solutions. The best example of this, of course, is Waze -- a mobile app that lets users report police presence (and other potential road dangers) so you know when to slow down in order to avoid a ticket. I've noticed two things about Waze: One, that it's tremendously accurate. And two, that it's tremendously quick. Almost as quick as a radar detector, and certainly with fewer false positives.
DeMuro thinks that because detectors aren't infallible, a free application like Waze is an appropriate substitute. That's like saying that if snow tires don't give you enough grip, you should put chains on summer tires. Waze isn't — and never will be — a substitute for a radar detector. It is, however, the world's greatest complementary tool for anyone who knows how to use a good detector, if you understand how Waze works. The crowdsourced data in Waze is only as accurate as the minority of users who bother to enter police locations. Waze data is totally porous. If no users are in the vicinity, no data. Even in a large group of users, one is dependent on multiple users accurately corroborating data over a short span of time in your vicinity. Waze can't solve problems a good detector will. No amount of crowdsourcing can solve for a police car hidden behind a bridge. What if users don't recognize an undercover car in traffic? And what if they do? Waze offers no method of tracking police cars in motion. If multiple users enter a moving police car, it appears as multiple stationary traps on the map. Accurate? Not even close. Here's another Waze problem. Data entry makes driving less safe. Even if you have a professional phone mount — and most don't — entering data accurately requires navigating a less than stellar UI. Serious drivers — as in the ones most aware of the dangers of handheld phone use — are also those most likely to enter accurate data, yet the least likely to take their eyes off the road to do so. Even I — who want to help fellow Wazers as much as possible — am not always able to safely. The good news? if you use Waze AND a state-of-the-art detector, you command a set of tools vastly more powerful than what law enforcement can deploy on the open road today.
While [Waze] suffers from some false positives as a result of taking a while to remove reports of police vehicles that may be looking for speeding drivers, Waze is generally pretty accurate -- and pretty quick -- at recognizing speed traps. If you're cruising down the highway and Waze tells you there's a police car ahead, you're likely to slow down -- a lot more so than if you're cruising down the highway and your radar detector goes off. When your radar detector goes off, the first thing you do is you start looking around for a car with adaptive cruise control.
No, Doug. Those are things you do, which are totally amateur. As the Albanian said to Liam Neeson in Taken: GOOD LUCK. DeMuro is wrong on every point. That second sentence makes no sense. Waze places and retains police reports over time based user corroboration. If you're the first speeder to happen upon a cop moving from the location where they were tagged, you're out of luck. Also, nothing is to prevent a false positive created by a Waze troll, like the cops who tagged empty locations to slow down traffic. What about someone who makes a mistake tagging a cop at speed and enters “other side” instead of “my side” in the silly UI? As for slowing down every time Waze goes off, I do so only if corroborated by other factors like traffic, terrain and the recency of my detector alerts. That's called judgment.
All of this brings me back to my cross-country road trip. Early in the trip, I had the radar detector switched on, convinced I'd be able to thwart any potential speeding tickets I might receive. As the trip went on, I gradually switched -- ditching the constant chirping and flashing of the radar detector for the soothing sounds of the person in the Waze app. By the end of the trip, I was all Waze -- and I've never looked back. And, frankly, I don't think I ever will. Goodbye, chirping radar detectors. The modern world doesn't need you anymore.
And yet it is far from certain whether anyone will have to pay more as a result of the declining subsidies. Increased competition among service providers and steadily lower costs for network capacity -- known as bandwidth -- could offset the difference before the system becomes commercially self-sufficient in five years.
"New business practices and pricing models are going to have to emerge as the Internet enters this brave new world and becomes self-sufficient," said Jordan Becker, a vice president of Advanced Network Services of Elmsford, N.Y., an Internet subcontractor for the Government that now plans to find new commercial users for the main network being vacated by the Government.
At issue is a nationwide "backbone" network for the Internet, operated under the supervision of the Government's main scientific and technical agency, the National Science Foundation.
Although the roots of the Internet go back 25 years, the seeds for its current growth were planted less than a decade ago with the formation of the NSF Net, devised by the National Science Foundation to allow high-speed communications among a handful of supercomputer research centers and researchers at remote academic and Government organizations. The NSF Net quickly evolved into an increasingly important conduit for tens of thousands of computer networks around the globe.
To some extent, the NSF Net's role has already been assumed in part by purely commercial networks that bypass the backbone. Transferring the remaining NSF Net functions to private industry is in keeping with the outline for the "national information infrastructure" that is at the center of the Clinton Administration's plan for a global information web.
Once freed from the responsibilities of supervising and supporting the backbone, the National Science Foundation plans to turn its attention to creating a separate high-speed network specifically for the original audience of scientific and academic researchers.
The plan to phase out the science agency's role was announced in 1992, but has encountered delays. The current timetable calls for the first phase of the private-sector handoff to be completed on Oct. 31, when an assortment of important regional Internet service providers are scheduled to be disconnected from the NSF Net backbone and connected to four new commercial network hubs, in San Francisco, Chicago, Washington and Pennsauken, N.J., a suburb of Philadelphia.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Although further delays now seem certain, most experts still expect the technical transition to be complete by the middle of next year.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
"Quite frankly, this has taken longer than expected," said Don Mitchell, technical staff associate at the National Science Foundation in Arlington, Va. "Originally we thought we would have been transitioned by this point."
No one disputes that this increasing commercialization of the Internet will accelerate its transformation away from an esoteric communications system for American computer scientists and into an international system for the flow of data, text, graphics, sound and video among businesses, their customers and their suppliers.
"I see the commercial users of the Internet to be the big winners here," Mr. Becker said. "From an engineering standpoint, I don't think the new structure is any better than the old structure. But it will help to broaden the market, and that will bring in more customers and more new applications, and the industry will grow as a result of it."
Unlike the nation's telephone system, which is heavily regulated and which has standard fees and rules for the exchange of messages between carriers, the Internet is a free-wheeling and often chaotic web that has grown without central regulation. The one semblance of a central authority has been the NSF Net. In order to gain access to the backbone, Internet service providers have to agree to carry messages for one another.
"The danger," Mr. Becker said, "is that you could have islands of connectivity, with providers who serve particular customers or regions but who don't connect to other providers, because they're not obligated under law to do so."
Nor will there be incentives to insure widespread, affordable access for academic users, as there has been with the NSF Net.
"College research institutions make very heavy use of the Internet, and they have been able to do it partly because of N.S.F. funding," Mr. Connolly said. "When that goes away, costs are going to be a major concern, especially for smaller colleges."
Even if the costs to colleges do not increase, Mr. Connolly said, the prospect of a commercial Internet provider billing a college for usage, perhaps broken down to a departmental or individual level, "raises a chilling effect of limiting everybody's use of resources."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Another fear is expressed by some technical experts who say the Internet's proposed new framework is based in part on a technology that has not been proved capable of handling high volumes of data traffic.
"I don't think anyone has large amounts of confidence that they will work as advertised," said Edward M. Vielmetti, vice president for research at MSEN Inc., an Ann Arbor, Mich., company that sells Internet services to companies and individuals.
The new architecture of the United States portion of the global Internet is based on the three primary "network access points" that serve as regional hubs for traffic that formerly crossed the NSF Net backbone. The primary access points are in San Francisco, operated by Pacific Bell; in Chicago, operated by Ameritech, and in Pennsauken, N.J., operated by Sprint. A fourth access point, in Washington, is operated by Metropolitan Fiber Systems Inc.
The San Francisco and Chicago sites are based on a data communications technology called asynchronous transfer mode, or ATM. Although it has been adopted by some companies for use in corporate data networks, it has never been used on a scale approaching Internet traffic. Perhaps for that reason, the San Francisco and Chicago sites are lagging behind the others in signing up customers among regional Internet companies.
Canning by-election: Liberal candidate Andrew Hastie wins by-election
Updated
Former SAS captain Andrew Hastie has won the Canning by-election, retaining the West Australian seat for the Liberal Party after Malcolm Turnbull's prime ministerial coup helped defuse voter dissatisfaction with the Coalition Government.
Key points Liberal candidate Andrew Hastie wins Canning by-election
Mr Hastie denies ousting of Tony Abbott distracted voters
6.86 per cent swing not enough for Labor's Matt Keogh to win
Mr Hastie stuck doggedly to his pitch on local issues despite the ousting of his strong supporter Tony Abbott, and denied the turmoil in Canberra had been a major distraction.
With 52 of 56 polling places returned, Mr Hastie held 54.95 per cent of the two-party preferred vote to Labor's Matt Keogh on 45.05, a swing of 6.86 per cent to Labor.
The 4.95 per cent margin for the Liberals was down from the 11.8 per cent buffer commanded by Don Randall, whose death triggered the by-election.
In his victory speech to supporters at the Pinjarra Bowling and Recreation Club, Mr Hastie said it was "an honour and a privilege to stand before you as the Member-elect for Canning".
He raised a toast to Mr Randall.
"As the incoming Member of Canning, I hope to honour Don's memory with the same spirit of service to the community here," he said.
Federal frontbenchers including Foreign Minister Julie Bishop, Finance Minister Mathias Cormann and Justice Minister Michael Keenan were among those gathered at Pinjarra.
Mr Hastie thanked his family for their support and also paid tribute to Mr Abbott.
"I want to thank and honour the service of Tony Abbott," he said.
"From day one, he wanted me to succeed.
"I was immensely proud to have him visit and support me and my family on this campaign and I'm grateful for his support and guidance."
He also thanked Mr Turnbull.
"He's shown great support for me and my campaign.
"I thank him for his support and I look forward to working with him to deliver for the people of Canning."
Mr Turnbull tweeted his congratulations to Mr Hastie.
"Congratulations Andrew Hastie and your Liberal team for well-deserved Canning win. Courage, confidence and vision trumped fear," the tweet read.
Mr Keogh conceded defeat at an ALP function in Mandurah, thanking Canning's 112,809 enrolled voters for their support.
"Together today, and over the last four weeks, we have fought a noble fight, we have fought a strong fight," he said.
"We are looking at swings across the seat on a two-party preferred of 6 per cent.
"That is a huge effort. Thank you very much."
Mr Keogh also thanked Opposition Leader Bill Shorten for his leadership, saying he was popular with voters in the electorate.
Local issues, leadership spill top of voters' minds
Mr Keogh and Mr Hastie campaigned hard on local issues including jobs, road infrastructure, employment, telecommunications, crime and ice, and that reportedly resonated with voters.
"I'll be thinking about more jobs coming in," voter Helena said, arriving at the Kelmscott polling station on Saturday.
"We need a police station which should be 24 hours," another voter George said.
"Not part-time police for the area we've got here."
With the elevation of Malcolm Turnbull, I think a lot of people decided to switch to the Liberal Party and that was in Andrew Hastie's favour. Peter Kennedy, political commentator
But the Liberal leadership turmoil was foremost on other voters' minds.
"I've listened to them all, I've listened to their speeches," said Carol, "but it's what's at the top that really matters."
Political commentator Peter Kennedy said the result would have been closer if Mr Abbott was still prime minister.
"The issue was that while Tony Abbott was leader, the polls showed that the Liberals were just ahead," he said.
"But with change of leadership it seemed that the vote was quite decisive.
"With the elevation of Malcolm Turnbull, I think a lot of people decided to switch to the Liberal Party and that was in Andrew Hastie's favour."
Mr Kennedy said it was a disappointing night for the minor parties because they battled to get recognition.
"The major parties benefited from endorsing strong candidates," he said.
"I guess there's a lesson for the major parties there — endorse strong candidates and the voters will support you."
Unlikely characters appear at booths
Election day brought out some unusual characters alongside the usual volunteers for the 12 candidates contesting the by-election.
Three people dressed as Star Wars stormtroopers flanked a Darth Vader at a polling booth in Serpentine-Jarrahdale.
And Ms Bishop was photographed with Mr Hastie and a man dressed as Wolverine.
But it was a Labor placard showing her embracing Mr Abbott, along with the word "loyalty" which drew her ire.
The stunt mirrored a similar ploy used by the Coalition before the last election, featuring Julia Gillard and Kevin Rudd.
Ms Bishop said Labor was trying to distract voters from local concerns.
"This is not about me," Ms Bishop, the senior WA Liberal said.
"This by-election is about Andrew Hastie versus the other candidates that have been put forward. And I will back Andrew Hastie over any of them, any time."
Neither Mr Hastie nor Mr Keogh were allowed to vote, having moved into the electorate too late to enrol.
Topics: elections, government-and-politics, armadale-6112, kelmscott-6111, serpentine-6125, mandurah-6210, pinjarra-6208, dwellingup-6213
First posted
Brazilian football legend Pelé has unveiled the first football pitch to use players' energy to produce electricity in a favela in Rio de Janeiro.
The so-called King of Football visited Morro da Mineira favela in the city to launch the revolutionary artificial field, which is installed with 200 kinetic tiles to capture the energy of players' movement and generate power.
Combined with energy from solar panels, the electricity produced by players can power the six LED floodlights so children from the neighbourhood can play safely into the evening.
The new pitch, which was refurbished by Shell, uses technology developed by British company Pavegen.
Laurence Kemball-Cook, Pavegen founder and CEO, said he hoped it would change the way people viewed energy.
“It's really exciting to see it installed today. It took less than a week to install,” he said.
“We've effectively turned this community into a real life science experiment. It's never been done before on this scale or on a football pitch.”
Morro da Mineira, which is part of the São Carlos complex of favelas in the north of Rio, was pacified or occupied by police in 2011 and is home to more than 15,000.
Community leaders said before the pitch was redeveloped by Shell, children were left to play football on the street.
Speaking at the pitch-side, Pelé said: “I thought we were inaugurating another artificial pitch but I didn't expect that this field could produce energy. It's the first in the world.
Pelé during the inauguration ceremony of the new football pitch (AFP)
“Football is Brazil's biggest passion and the sport has gone through so much technological innovation since the last time I played.
“This new pitch shows the extraordinary things possible when science and sport come together.”
Pelé donated a signed football to the community beforeleading the countdown to the floodlights being switched on as dusk fell.
The pitch features 10 rows of 20 underground kinetic tiles, which work alongside solar energy.
During the day, up to 80 per cent of the energy will be produced by solar panels while in the evening, 100 per cent will come from the underground tiles.
André Araujo, Shell chair in Brazil, said: “The pitch proves the potential and power when scientists and entrepreneurs focus their efforts to develop creative and innovative energy solutions.
“By tapping into the world's passion and interest in football, we aim to capture the attention of youngsters around the world so they think differently about energy and the opportunity of science studies and careers.”
Nissan has remained relatively tight-lipped about the next-generation GT-R but new details are starting to emerge about the upcoming model.
According to Motoring's sources, the car will look like a "toned-down version" of the Concept 2020 Vision Gran Turismo which will unveiled at the Goodwood Festival of Speed earlier this year. The car is also slated to feature a more aerodynamic design and an increased focus on improved cooling capabilities.
Power will reportedly be provided by a twin-turbo 3.8-liter V6 engine which is backed up by an electric motor. Nothing is official but the website says the car will have a combined maximum output of roughly 785 PS (578 kW) and 1000 Nm (737 lb-ft) of torque.
If everything pans out, a concept could be introduced at the 2015 Tokyo Motor Show before the production model arrives in 2018.
Montreal's moody R&B-house producer, very solid DJ and dude in the glasses in Azealia Bank's "212" video, Jacques Greene sets off on a North American tour this month, hitting cities from Vancouver to Miami, where he'll presumably play LuckyMe deep cuts and a lot of Amerie acapellas. He crafted this mix in anticipation, featuring a pair of nice Samoyed tracks and The Deep Boyz' great "The Boy Beats on His Drum." Download below, and then read an email interview featuring a few of Greene's favorite musicians and YouTubes of 2012.
Download: Jacques Greene's FADER Mix
What's the biggest non-musical thing taking up your time these days? Honestly I've been trying to not do much outside of this. I took some weeks off from shows to be home, just reconnecting with my friends and falling back into a few local spots and routines. Playing a lot of shows elsewhere sort of alienates you from home and it can be a really weird feeling.
What was some of your favorite music from last year? Anyone you want to shine a light on? Every track I heard from Anthony Naples has been right up my alley. There's a really great energy to all his records. Also every single thing I heard from Samoyed throughout the year was stellar.
What are you looking forward to the most on the tour? What about the least? Seeing some friends across the cities I've played before and eating some crazy stuff. Also really looking forward to playing Miami and Chicago for the first time. I don't mind travelling much, but it's frustrating to lose so much time outside of the studio just getting places. I need to get better at making music solely on my laptop so I can get productive on the road instead of feeling like I'm wasting time everyday.
I went on your YouTube and the 'favorites' section was very rich—what are a couple top video finds from last year? This video changed my life, the whole channel is incredible:
Best trailer:
Tracklist:
1. Samoyed - Guts
2. Basic Soul Unit - Late Nite Shift
3. Paranoid London - Paris Dub 1
4. Darling Farah - Body (Jimmy Edgar remix)
5. DIVA - Paris Stabbing (Beats)
6. Trey Songz - Unfortunate (chop)
7. Vaghe Stelle - The Platform (Samoyed remix)
8. Machinedrum - Part of Me
9. Nautiluss - Zero Gravity
10. 95 North - Bring Back The Love (London to DC Dub)
11. Jacques Greene - untltd
12. Anthony Naples - Ill Still
13. Daphni - Springs
14. Mike Dunn presents the Deep Boyz - The Boy Beats on His Drum
15. Brawther - Spaceman Funk (George Fitzgerald remix)
16. 2562 - Aquatic Family Affair
17. Tommy Kruise - High Klass
18. Nosaj Thing - Try ft. Toro Y Moi
A club pitch in South Melbourne was eight feet, or nearly 2.5 metres, too long. But they didn't realise till after the match.
One cricket pitch in Australia has stumped everyone.
They are supposed to measure 22 yards, but the track at the Harry Trott Oval in Albert Park in South Melbourne has left everyone in a spin.
The pitch for Saturday's Victorian premier clash between St Kilda Saints and Footscray-Edgewater was marked out incorrectly and measured eight feet (2.44 metres) too long.
What's more bizarre, is that the mistake was only confirmed after the match had been played.
READ MORE:
* Black Caps to 'make amends'
* Watson: Clarke's comments 'disappointing'
* Worker taking cautious approach
* Symonds loss 'most painful'
* Faf: Ugly Aussie era is over
* Bracewell: Our belief is strong
Umpires Brad Davies and Chris James realised the error when running a tape measure over the pitch, report Fox Sports.
Players and coaches are said to have had early suspicions there was something wrong.
St Kilda coach Glenn Lalor ​told Fox Sports his bowlers complained about landing the ball, as well as losing length.
Would you be believed Vic Premier cricket would prepare a pitch 8 feet too long - better believe it!! — john gilbert (@JgilbertJohn) October 15, 2016 What's going on with cricket in Oz?The pitch is too long,the bats n balls are too big,players are too tired,make boundaries smaller — Joe Scuderi (@JoeScuderi1) August 25, 2016
But he saw the funny side.
"It's actually quite comical," he said. "Things make sense now. I thought we bowled too short and I think we bowled 27 wides.
"Whether the wides had anything to do with the length of the pitch, I don't know.
"It was bizarre. It wasn't until after the game that someone said, 'Was the pitch too long … it looks a bit long'.
"Then the umpires had a look and thought, 'Well, maybe'. Then they measured it with a tape measure. Yeah, eight feet too long."
Cricket Victoria apologised for the 'the embarrassing situation'.
"We pride ourselves on the high standards we set for our work and this indiscretion has and will no doubt dent our pride for some time."
Footscray-Edgewater won the match by successfully chasing down St Kilda's 197 by reaching 201-4.
Beyonce Posts Disgusting Anti-Cop Screed Hours Before Dallas Police Slaughtered at #BLM Protest
Beyonce and her dancers raise the Black Power fist at Super Bowl 50.
Beyonce's Super Bowl halftime performance was a cop-hating political statement in support of the Black Panthers – a Marxist group whose leader Huey Newton was was arrested for shooting Police Officer John Frey.
Beyonce's racist performance included only black dancers dressed as Black Panther rebels.
Beyoncés dancers in black berets at #SB50 paying homage to the Black Panthers 50 years after their #formation in '66 pic.twitter.com/YXpzBkkm6s — The Dream Defenders (@Dreamdefenders) February 8, 2016
Beyonce is a staunch supporter of the violent cop-hating Black Lives Matter movement.
Last night Beyonce posted an anti-police screed on her website just hours before the deadly protest shooting in Dallas that left five police officers dead.
Beyonce blamed the earlier shootings this week on racist cops.
Beyonce wrote: It's up to us to take a stand and demand they they “stop killing us.”… We are going to stand up as a community and fight against anyone who believes that murder or any violent action by those who are sworn to protect us should consistently go unpunished.”
From Beyonce website:
An Oscar speech is a public monologue given by a person who has just been awarded an Academy Award, an accolade given annual by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to honor cinematic achievements in the film industry. Though speeches are common for award ceremonies, it is a particularly significant feature of the Academy Awards due to their worldwide audience and history of featuring prominent celebrities.
History [ edit ]
Oscar speeches have always been a significant aspect of the ceremony and have often been very influential. NineMSN explains, "If you're an Academy Award-winning celeb, you can either give a boring run-of-the-mill acceptance speech, a touching acceptance speech, or a crazy over-the-top acceptance speech".[1] The New Yorker said:
The New Yorker graded the speeches in the 2013 Academy Awards, a common practice among news outlets. Christoph Waltz's "short and classy speech ... without condescension" was graded an "A minus" while Quentin Tarantino's "rubber-faced self-mythologizing" was graded a "C".[2] At the 2013 Oscars, Jennifer Lawrence fell when approaching the stage to accept the award for best actress. She attempted to make up for her fall in her speech by saying, "You guys are all just standing because I fell and that's really embarrassing". By the next day pictures of her fall had gone viral in the Internet. Her fall was mentioned by host Ellen DeGeneres in her opening monologue at the 2014 Oscars.
Many lines from Oscar speeches have become iconic, often being quoted in the pop culture vernacular. They are often spoofed in other media. Some speeches comment on the film industry ("We are part of an artistic family ... and most actors don't work, they have to practice accents while driving a taxi. And some of us are so lucky to work with writing, to work with directing. And to that artistic family that strives for excellence, none of you have ever lost, and I am proud to share this with you." Dustin Hoffman 1979). Some are heartfelt messages to friends, family, and supporters. Some raise awareness for sensitive topics ("Tonight I am asking for your help. I call upon you to draw from the depths of your being to prove that we are a human race. To prove that our love outweighs our need to hate. That our compassion is more compelling than our need to blame." Elizabeth Taylor 1993 on AIDS), while others are funny insights.[3]
Sometimes people do unexpected things during their Oscar speeches. For example, in 1992, while accepting his Best Supporting Actor Oscar for City Slickers, Jack Palance did one-arm pushups on the floor to demonstrate his physical strength and counteract the view of some executives who had not wanted to "risk" hiring an elderly person for fear they may die during filming.[4] When Jorge Drexler accepted the Oscar for Best Original Song in 2005, instead of a speech he sang the winning song, "Al Otro Lado del Río", as he had not been invited to perform earlier in the ceremony.[5]
The Oscar speeches are restricted to a time limit of 45 seconds. There is play-off music after an actor has reached their time limit, and there are reminders on the teleprompter. If they take too long, the microphone cuts out. In 2008, Jack Black and Will Ferrell performed a song to the tune of the piece of music, although this was as part of a presentation routine and not during a speech overrun.[6]
There are certain recurring themes in Oscar speeches, particularly in the people thanked. These can range from an actor's agent to the film's director, to their co-stars, to their God, to their idols and to their parents.
Controversies [ edit ]
Some speeches can cause uproars thanks to political and social subject matters[7] like Michael Moore's diatribe on George W. Bush[8] and Vanessa Redgrave's stance on the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. [9]
Sometimes a confusing or ambiguous statement made in a speech can attract attention in the media. In Angelina Jolie's Best Supporting Actress speech in 2000 for Girl, Interrupted, she said, "I'm so in love with my brother right now", leading to accusations of incest with her brother, actor and producer, James Haven.[1]
In 1973, Marlon Brando famously refused an Oscar due to his support of Native Americans. A part of his speech was read on stage by Sacheen Littlefeather.[10]
Superlative speeches [ edit ]
The longest Oscar speech was given by Greer Garson at the 15th Academy Awards after she was named Best Actress for 1942 for Mrs. Miniver. Her speech ran for nearly six minutes.[11] It was shortly after this incident that the Academy set forty-five seconds as the allotted time for an acceptance speech and began to cut the winners off after this time limit.
The shortest Oscar speech was given by Patty Duke at the 35th Academy Awards after she was named Best Supporting Actress for 1962 for The Miracle Worker. Duke, age 16, was the youngest person at that time to receive an Academy Award in a competitive category. Her acceptance speech was, simply, two words—"Thank you"—after which she walked off the stage.[12]
See also [ edit ]
NEW DELHI: NIA on Wednesday arrested a core member of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) in connection with October 2, 2014 Burdwan blast . Mufazzil Haque was arrested from Mukimnagar in Murshidabad (West Bengal) on Tuesday night.According to NIA, Haque used to own the Lalgola madarsa in Mukimnagar which was one of the two important training centres for JMB's anti-national activities. He was also among the chief trainers and recruiters of outfit.He was such a fundamentalist and so dedicated to the cause of jihad that he styled himself on Osama Bin Laden , said sources.“Sporting a long beard and dressing up like the dreaded slain terrorist, he would keep his women in strict purdah forbidding them from going out of the house and force his family to live by the Sharia. His lifestyle had already earned him the moniker of ‘bin Laden' in his village even before his name cropped up in Burdwan blast,” said an NIA officer.Sources said Haque was also a close associate of Sheikh Sajid alias Rehmatullah who headed the India chapter of JMB. Sajid has already been arrested by NIA. “They together ran the madarsa. Since Haque was a resident of the Lalgola area, he was instrumental in getting recruits for the outfit. He also arranged for hideouts for those who came to Mukimnagar,” said the officer.Khalid Mohammed, one of the prime accused in the Burdwan blast case, being produced at the Bankshal court by NIA officials in Kolkata on Nov 20, 2014. (​TOI Photo by Ei Samay)Lagola madarsa, set up in 2011, was the most important recruitment and training centres for JMB after the Simulia madarsa of Burdwan. The madras was also used for making country-made pistols and assembling bombs, said sources.Haque's arrest is 17th in the case with many members of the outfit still absconding.NIA investigations have till now found that the outfit had established its network in different districts of West Bengal, Assam and Jharkhand — particularly in Murshidabad, Nadia, Malda, Birbhum and Bardhaman of West Bengal and Barpetta of Assam apart from Sahibganj and Pakur of Jharkhand.The investigations have also revealed that senior members of JMB had established terrorist training centres and bomb making units in Beldanga and Mukimnagar of Murshidabad, Nanur of Birbhum and Khagraghar and Simulia of Burdwan district.
With production scheduled to start at the sprawling Tesla Inc. solar panel factory in less than two months, Tesla's partner, Panasonic, is ramping up its search for workers for its portion of the South Park Avenue facility.
Panasonic has scheduled three job fairs, including one Tuesday night at the Seneca Babcock Community Center on the East Side, to recruit workers for the 300 jobs that it plans to fill at the Tesla factory.
While Tesla's predecessor, SolarCity, previously held job fairs in late 2015 and in 2016, those led to little immediate hiring because of delays in starting production at the local factory. Panasonic's recruitment drive is timed more closely to match the latest schedule for opening the $950 million facility by the end of summer.
Panasonic currently has listings for 25 different types of jobs in Buffalo, ranging from engineers and technicians to production and manufacturing operators.
The three Panasonic job fairs will be held:
– 5:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Seneca Babcock Community Center, 1168 Seneca St.
– 10 a.m. July 18 at Erie Community College North, 6205 Main St., Williamsville. The session will be held in Room 100 of Building K.
– 5:30 p.m. July 26 at the Buffalo Education and Training Center, 77 Goodell St.
An experienced solar panel manufacturer with its own high-efficiency technology, Panasonic will play a major role in the operation of the Buffalo factory. It is expected to make solar cells at the Buffalo factory that it will sell to Tesla for use in a solar roofing product that Tesla CEO Elon Musk believes will become a big seller among homeowners who need a new roof.
Tesla expects to eventually make the solar roof product in Buffalo, as well.
SolarCity originally expected to make solar panels and its solar roof in Buffalo using technology developed by Silevo, a California startup that was developing high-efficiency panel technology that SolarCity executives hoped would help drive down the cost of its solar arrays.
But in December – a month after acquiring SolarCity – Tesla cut a deal to bring in Panasonic to make solar cells at the Buffalo factory in an arrangement similar to one in place at Tesla's massive battery gigafactory in Nevada, where Panasonic makes the cells that go into Tesla's batteries. As part of the agreement, Panasonic agreed to invest more than $250 million in the Buffalo factory.
Tesla will oversee operations at the Buffalo factory, with Panasonic making solar cells at the facility, including the cells that will go into the solar roof. Those solar cells now are expected to be a hybrid product that combines technology from Panasonic with some aspects of the technology from Silevo. Tesla will manufacture the solar roof tiles that contain those solar cells. Panasonic also is expected to make conventional solar panels at the Buffalo factory.
The Panasonic jobs are part of Tesla's overall pledge to either create or help bring 2,900 jobs to the Buffalo Niagara region.
Tesla has promised to create 500 manufacturing jobs at the factory, along with nearly 1,000 other positions in various support, sales and administrative roles in Buffalo. Tesla, in return for $750 million in state subsidies through the state's Buffalo A Billion economic development initiative to build the factory and buy much of the equipment that will go inside it, also has pledged to help bring 1,440 other jobs to the Buffalo Niagara region through suppliers, vendors and service providers for the factory.
Tesla executives said this spring that they are planning to start production at the Buffalo factory by the end of summer, with the factory reaching its full output sometime during 2019. As a result, the pace of hiring is likely to be gradual as production ramps up.
Panasonic and Tesla representatives did not respond to a request to comment. Howard Zemsky, the Buffalo developer who runs Empire State Development, declined to comment.
The factory already was supposed to be buzzing with activity. Originally expected to be at full production by early this year, the South Buffalo factory has been delayed by SolarCity's deteriorating finances, which led to its acquisition last year by Tesla.
The residential rooftop solar installer's once-breakneck growth also has slowed, partly because of a deliberate decision to cut costs and try to stem swelling losses and partly because of slowing growth in the residential solar market. The company also has shifted its focus to the development of its new solar roofing product, rather than high-efficiency solar panels, as originally planned. Tesla's decision to bring in Panasonic as a partner also changed the technology that will go into the conventional solar panels and the solar roofing tiles that the factory eventually will make.
As plans for the factory have changed, fewer of its promised 1,460 direct jobs are expected to be tied to its increasingly automated manufacturing operations, while more are likely to be sales and support tasks.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Credit:Reuters This view is at odds with Foreign Minister Bob Carr's repeated dismissal of such a prospect. Australia's ambassador to the US, former Labor leader Kim Beazley, has made high-level representations to the American government, asking for warning of any moves to prosecute Assange. However, briefings for Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Senator Carr suggest the Australian Government has no in-principle objection to Assange's extradition. On Thursday, Ecuador granted Assange political asylum at its London embassy on the grounds that if extradited to Sweden to be questioned about sexual assault allegations he will be at risk of further extradition to the US to face espionage or conspiracy charges. Last night, the diplomatic standoff continued. Foreign Secretary William Hague said Britain would not allow Assange safe passage out of the country, ''nor is there any legal basis for us to do so''. However, he later told reporters ''there is no threat here to storm an embassy''.
WikiLeaks announced on Twitter that Assange would give a statement outside the embassy tomorrow. Meanwhile, one of his defence lawyers said he would appeal to the International Court of Justice if Britain prevented him from going to Ecuador. In May, Senator Carr told a Senate estimates committee hearing: "We have no advice that the US has an intention to extradite Mr Assange … nothing we have been told suggests that the US has such an intention." However, the Australian embassy in Washington reported in February that "the US investigation into possible criminal conduct by Mr Assange has been ongoing for more than a year". The embassy noted media reports that a US federal grand jury had been empanelled in Alexandria, Virginia, to pursue the WikiLeaks case and that US government officials "cannot lawfully confirm to us the existence of the grand jury". Despite this, and apparently on the basis of still classified off-the-record discussions with US officials and private legal experts, the embassy reported the existence of the grand jury as a matter of fact. It identified a wide range of criminal charges the US could bring against Assange, including espionage, conspiracy, unlawful access to classified information and computer fraud.
Australian diplomats expect that any charges against Assange would be carefully drawn in an effort to avoid conflict with the First Amendment free speech provisions of the US constitution. The cables also show that the Australian government considers the prospect of extradition sufficiently likely that, on direction from Canberra, Mr Beazley sought high-level US advice on "the direction and likely outcome of the investigation" and "reiterated our request for early advice of any decision to indict or seek extradition of Mr Assange". The question of advance warning of any prosecution or extradition moves was previously raised by Australian diplomats in December 2010. American responses to the embassy's representations have been withheld from release on the grounds that disclosure could "cause damage to the international relations of the Commonwealth". Large sections of the cables have been redacted on national security grounds, including parts of reports on the open, pre-court martial proceedings of US Army Private Bradley Manning, who is alleged to have leaked a vast quantity of classified information to WikiLeaks. Australian embassy representatives have attended all of Private Manning's pre-trial hearings.
Australian diplomats have highlighted the prosecution's reference to "several connections between Manning and WikiLeaks which would form the basis of a conspiracy charge" and evidence that the investigation has targeted the "founders, owners, or managers of WikiLeaks" for espionage. However, the embassy was unable to confirm the claim in a leaked email from an executive with US private intelligence company Stratfor, that "[w]e have a sealed indictment against Assange". Loading "Commentators have ... suggested that the source may have been referring to a draft indictment used by prosecutors to 'game out' possible charges," the embassy reported in February. "There is no way to confirm the veracity of the information through official sources." A spokesperson for Senator Carr said yesterday Assange's circumstances remained a matter for the UK, Ecuador and Sweden, with Australia's role limited to that of a consular observer.
MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred insisted Wednesday that the commissioner's office was not aware before the sale of the team that the Marlins' new owners planned to dramatically slash payroll, a fact disputed by two people directly involved in the negotiating process.
In a combative interview on ESPN Radio, host Dan Le Batard told Manfred: “We are starting with a lie” when Manfred said he did not know the plans of new owners Derek Jeter and Bruce Sherman during the approval process.
“I'm not going to have you call me a liar!” Manfred said.
Two people directly involved in the sales process said that Jeter and Sherman were required to tell other owners their intentions with payroll during the approval process, and that they informed the other owners that payroll would be cut from $115 million to the $85 million to $90 million range, with $85 million used at times and $90 million other times in those discussions.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Last year's team would have cost about $140 million if it were kept together.
The Marlins' current projected payroll for 2018 stands at about $94 million after the team traded Giancarlo Stanton, Dee Gordon and Marcell Ozuna.
Pressed by Le Batard about whether he was aware of Jeter's plan, Manfred said: “No. We did not have player specific plans from the Miami Marlins or any other team during the approval ownership process. Those are decisions the individual owners make. We do not approve operating decisions by any ownership, new owner or current owners. As a result, the answer is no.”
Pressed further by Le Batard, he said: “I'm not going to be deposed like this in some adversary thing. I will answer the way I want to answer.”
A source directly involved in the Marlins sales process, after hearing the Le Batard interview, said, via text: “Commissioner said was not aware of [Jeter] plan to slash payroll. Absolutely not true. They request and receive the operating plan from all bidders.
“Project Wolverine [the name for Jeter's plan] called on his group to reduce payroll to $85 million. This was vetted and approved by MLB prior to approval by MLB. Every [Jeter] investor and non investor has the Wolverine financial plan of slashing payroll to $85 million. Widely circulated.”
SHARE COPY LINK Miami Marlins co-owner Derek Jeter speaks to the media after a town hall meeting at Marlins Park on Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2017.
In Manfred's defense, there is no evidence that other owners were informed of specific players that the Marlins intended to trade.
Asked by Le Batard about MLB approving a deal with substantial debt ($400 million), Manfred said: “You have no idea what the cash was in this deal. This club had the same amount of debt as it did pre-transaction.”
When Le Batard asked why he cares more about the Marlins selling for $1.2 billion instead of caring about Marlins fans, Manfred said: “You have no idea what I care about and don't care about. A competitive club in each one of our 30 markets is a foremost concern.”
Manfred said to Le Batard and Jon Weiner: “I know you have yourselves worked up on this topic. … [But] baseball has always been a cyclical business. The strategy the Marlins have adopted is tried and true in baseball. I'm not saying it's without pain. … But it was a process that ultimate produced a winner [at times, including Houston this season], in terms of smaller markets' ability to win.”
Shortly after Le Batard said the Marlins don't deserve any support in South Florida, Manfred said: “Let me just stop you. I understand the concerns that have been expressed in South Florida. The one thing you leave out is there have been two World Series champions in South Florida.
“Whether people like everything that happened in between, after or before, there are a lot of markets who would make that trade in terms of having those two World Series championships.”
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I'm Amy Goodman, as we continue our update on the presidential election to look at the results of the recount effort in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. Wisconsin's Election Commission announced Monday, after its recount, Republican Donald Trump's margin of victory widened by about 162 votes. In Pennsylvania, a federal judge Monday rejected a request to recount paper ballots and scan some counties' election systems for signs of hacking. Hours later, state officials certified the results of the election, with Trump winning by less than 1 percent of the vote. Former Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein had requested recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, three states where Donald Trump narrowly beat Hillary Clinton. A federal judge had already ordered Michigan's Board of Elections to stop the state's electoral recount. Trump won Michigan by fewer than 11,000 votes out of nearly 4.8 million votes cast.
We turn now to Rolling Stone investigative reporter Greg Palast, who went to Michigan to investigate the vote. He filed this report for Democracy Now!
GREG PALAST: Officially, Donald Trump won Michigan by 10,704 votes. But a record 75,335 votes were never counted. Most of these votes that went missing were in Detroit and Flint, Michigan, majority-black cities. How could this happen? Did the Russians do it? Nyet. You don't need Russians to help the Michigan GOP. How exactly do you disappear 75,000 votes? They call them spoiled votes. How do you spoil votes? Not by leaving them out of the fridge. Most are lost because of the bubbles. Thousands of bubbles couldn't be read by the optical scanning machines.
SUE: I saw a lot of red ink. I saw a lot of checkmarks.
GREG PALAST: Sue is a systems analyst who took part in the recount.
SUE: We saw a lot of ballots that weren't originally counted, because those don't scan into the machine.
GREG PALAST: The machines in Michigan and Wisconsin can't read these bubbles. But a much better machine, the human eyeball, can easily read what the voter intended. Both Michigan and Wisconsin, you have to pay the state millions of dollars to have humans read the ballots. This woman, Jill Stein, raised the money for the human count of these uncounted ballots. According to Stein, this human review was finding a whole lot of…
DR. JILL STEIN: Votes that were blank, many of which were in communities of color that are historically Democratic. So, obviously, this was a—this was a concern for him.
GREG PALAST: Enough votes that Mr. Trump would lose. So, then, a GOP politician came to Mr. Trump's rescue.
This is Trumpville, rural Michigan. And this is their hero, the man who shut down the recount. Bill Schuette is the Republican attorney general of Michigan. He issued an order saying that no one would be allowed to look at the ballots in over half the precincts, 59 percent, in the Detroit area—the very place that most of the votes had gone missing.
DR. JILL STEIN: And it's shocking to think that the discounting of these votes may be actually making the critical difference in the outcome of the election.
GREG PALAST: We went to speak with the secretary of state, whose spokesman said the missing votes in Detroit were simply people who waited in line but didn't want to vote for president.
FRED WOODHAMS: You know, I think when you look at the unfavorability ratings that were reported for both major-party candidates, it's probably not that surprising.
GREG PALAST: Back in Detroit, there was another explanation. Some of the votes missing resulted when 87 machines, responsible for counting thousands of ballots, broke down. Carlos Garcia is a media specialist at Michigan State University. He witnessed the breakdown.
CARLOS GARCIA: The start of polling at 7:00 a.m., the machine didn't work. And at 9:15 a.m., they brought in a replacement, and it was replaced by 9:30. The people that didn't wait, their ballots were in the bottom in the ballot box.
GREG PALAST: But they weren't scanned.
CARLOS GARCIA: And so, at the time when they started having anyone who was waiting scan their ballots, those ballots were not taken out of the machine. So, any new scanned ballots were falling in on top of the old ones.
GREG PALAST: They weren't counted. Activist Anita Belle.
ANITA BELLE: Only 50 ballots in the ballot box. Hot mess. Hot mess!
GREG PALAST: How did Detroit end up in a hot mess with these ballot-destroying machines? Republican state officials took direct control of the government's spending in Flint and Detroit. Result? Flint's water was poisoned, and the voting system of Detroit was poisoned, as well.
DR. JILL STEIN: Whereas if you're voting in a wealthy white suburban precinct, no sweat, your vote will be validated, you can have assurance and confidence in your vote. But if you're African-American, these questions cannot be asked.
GREG PALAST: And then there are voters who never got to vote in the first place.
DR. JILL STEIN: Whether it's because of the chaos in—you know, some polling centers are closed, and then some are moved, and there are all kinds of mixups. So, a lot of people are filling out provisional ballots in the first place, or they were being tossed off the voter rolls by Interstate Crosscheck.
GREG PALAST: Crosscheck is a list that was created by Donald Trump's operative, Kris Kobach, to hunt down and imprison voters who illegally voted or registered in two states in one election.
FRED WOODHAMS: Michigan participates in the Interstate Crosscheck, like a number of other states, so we do match voters who may be registered in another state.
GREG PALAST: Do you know how many names are on it?
FRED WOODHAMS: There are a lot of names.
GREG PALAST: There are a lot of names. Yeah, I'd say there are a lot of names. Here's Michigan: 499,092 Michiganders are on this suspect list.
FRED WOODHAMS: Mm-hmm.
GREG PALAST: Is this to eliminate fraud, or is this to eliminate voters?
FRED WOODHAMS: It's to clean our voter lists and ensure—
GREG PALAST: Well, why would you—now—
FRED WOODHAMS: —that there's no vulnerability for fraud.
GREG PALAST: No—so, do you believe that there's fraud in Michigan?
FRED WOODHAMS: Well, we've been very aggressive in closing vulnerabilities and loopholes to fraud.
GREG PALAST: Well, I see the aggression. Here, Michael Bernard Brown—
FRED WOODHAMS: Mm-hmm.
GREG PALAST: —is supposed to be the same voter as Michael Anthony Brown. Then Michael Timothy Brown is supposed to be the same voter as Michael Johnnie Brown.
FRED WOODHAMS: Mm-hmm. And you're correct that, you know, I'm sure that there are some false positives that show to us. But we go through it thoroughly, and we're not just canceling people.
GREG PALAST: Statistical experts who have looked at this list say it's heavily overweighted against minorities, because it's using—it's just basically a list of common names.
FRED WOODHAMS: I'm not familiar with that.
GREG PALAST: Michael Brown. Jose Garcia.
FRED WOODHAMS: Mm-hmm.
GREG PALAST: Could you imagine that that would be a problem, in terms of—
FRED WOODHAMS: I did not know Brown was identified with one race or the other.
GREG PALAST: Common—OK, you know that Brown was a common name in America, and a black name?
FRED WOODHAMS: It's a very common name.
GREG PALAST: It's a very common black name in America, yes?
FRED WOODHAMS: I've known a lot of white Browns.
GREG PALAST: Donald Trump promotes Kris Kobach's and Michigan's Crosscheck crusade. Stein doesn't buy it.
DR. JILL STEIN: If he thinks that Michael Louis Brown is the same person as Michael James Brown, he's confused. And the American people should not be duped into believing him for a minute. It's the opposite of what he is saying: not people who are voting fraudulently and illegally, but actually legitimate voters who have had their right to vote taken away from them by Kris Kobach and by Donald Trump. And there is no legitimacy to his claim that there are fraudulent voters that have distorted the outcome of this election. It is a Jim Crow system, and it all needs to be fixed. It's not rocket science. This is just plain, basic democracy. And I think the people of Detroit are so inspired and principled and passionate. They really are a model for this struggle around the nation.
GREG PALAST: And so the recount slogged through, uncovering missing votes and missing voters that could change the presidency. So Republicans rushed in to shut down the recount completely. Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, here in Michigan—we may be way north of the Mason-Dixon Line, but the elections are still run by Jim Crow. For Democracy Now!, this is Greg Palast.
AMY GOODMAN: And joining us from Washington, D.C., is Rolling Stone reporter Greg Palast. His new film, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy. So, Greg, what most surprised you in this latest research in Michigan?
GREG PALAST: Well, you know, people are looking for Russians, but what we had is a real Jim Crow election. Trump, for example, in Michigan, won by less than 11,000 votes. It looks like we had about 55,000 voters, mostly minorities, removed by this racist system called Crosscheck. In addition, you had a stoppage—even before the courts ordered the complete stop of the vote in Michigan, you had the Republican state officials completely sabotage the recount. They said, in Detroit, where there were 75,335 supposedly blank ballots for president—75,000—they said you can't count 59 percent of the precincts, where most of the votes were missing. There were 87 machines in Detroit that were—that didn't function. They were supposed to count about a thousand ballots each. You're talking about a massive blockade of the black vote in Detroit and Flint, enough votes, undoubtedly, to overturn that election.
And you saw a mirror of this in Wisconsin, where, for example, there were many, many votes, thousands of votes, lost in the Milwaukee area, another African-American-heavy area. And there, instead of allowing that eyeball count of the votes that are supposedly blank, they said, “Oh, we'll just run them back through the machines.” It's like betting on an instant replay. It's the same game. They just put them through the bad machines again. This is not just a bad way to count the ballots; it's a way to not count African-American ballots.
And I want to emphasize that, Amy, which is that when we use the term “recount,” we're actually talking about ballots that were never counted in the first place—way over 75,000 in Michigan. There are enough ballots uncounted that if you looked at them with the human eye, because the machines—these are terrible machines which can't read your little bubble marks next to the candidate's name on the piece of paper. If the human eye looks at these things, it's easy to tell that someone voted for a presidential candidate. A lot of the machines said that they voted for two candidates. Not many people do that. The human eye could do that.
But the question is: Where are these ballots not counted? They are not counted in African-American areas, in Dearborn, where there's a heavy Arab-American community, in Latino communities. So, while we're discussing hacking the machines, a lot of this was old-fashioned Jim Crow tactics, you know, from way back. And by the way, a lot of this is the result of the destruction and the gutting of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, which this is the first election post the Voting Rights Act. So, we saw—and Jill Stein said it correct—she expected to see a lot of hacking. What she found was, as she said, a Jim Crow election.
AMY GOODMAN: Finally, we just have a minute, but what do you think needs to happen now?
GREG PALAST: Well, we need to have kind of a Standing Rock for voting. We need to restart the voting rights movement, because with Jeff Sessions coming in as attorney general, we have to start investigations now. I'm in Washington because 18 Million Rising, the Asian-American group, and the Congressional Black Caucus Representative Hastings, they have presented 50,000 signatures to the Justice Department, begging Justice, please, open an investigation of this racist Crosscheck system created by Donald Trump's operatives, operating in 30 states, knocking off Asian-American, African-American, Latino voters. Please open the investigation now, before it becomes a new Justice Department—or maybe it's in an Injustice Department.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to thank you, Greg, for your report. Rolling Stone reporter Greg Palast, his new film, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy, based on his original book by the same title.
This is Democracy Now! When we come back, we'll talk about another Trump appointment. Stay with us.
Pope Francis has been invited to the start of the 2018 Giro d'Italia in Israel with the Italian Grand Tour now almost certain to finish in Rome, possibly with an individual time trial. Related Articles Giro d'Italia 2018 will begin with Jerusalem individual time trial
Vegni: Froome needs to win the Giro d'Italia to make history
Androni win Ciclismo Cup to secure 2018 Giro d'Italia invitation
Giro d'Italia presentation to take place in Milan on November 29 - News shorts
Nibali: Froome wouldn't have won his four Tours without Team Sky
Tour de France 2018 route revealed
The official presentation of the route is due to be held on November 29 in Milan but details of the 21 days of racing have already emerged via local media in Italy, with a possible map indicating three stages in Sicily before the race heads north to climb the Zoncolan and a time trial near Trento. The final mountain stages are likely to be in the Alps near Turin including the dirt road Colle delle Finestre and mountain finish at Cervinia. The riders will then travel to Rome from Turin for the final stage.
The 2018 Giro d'Italia will have religious connotations but will also commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Great War. RCS Sport is close to securing a reported two million Euro of state funding to help the Giro d'Italia promote Italian culture and tourism.
The Grande Partenza in Israel was confirmed in September, with the race starting with a 10.1km individual time trial in Jerusalem on Friday, May 4 with two road stages to Tel Aviv and Eilat. According to a detailed report in the La Stampa newspaper the riders will fly to Catania in Sicily after the stages in Israel, enjoying an early and extra rest day on Monday May 7 as race vehicles sale from Israel.
The riders face three stages in Sicily to Caltagirone, Santa Ninfa and a mountain finish on the slopes of the Mount Etna volcano. Other key stages as the route heads north should include a mountain finish at Montevergine di Mercogliano near Naples, where Alex Zuelle, Damiano Cunego and Danilo Di Luca have all won in the past.
The Giro d'Italia will pass through the central Apennines, with a finish at Campo Imperatore near the Gran Sasso and possibly start in Filottrano – the hometown of Michele Scarponi, who was killed while training this spring.
The riders face the steep finish on Monte Zoncolan on stage 14, followed by a stage to Sappada, close to the border with Austria. The victims of World War I will be remembered with a flat time trial from Trento to Rovereto, with the finish near the Giant Memorial bell on the hillside.
A transfer to the Monza motor racing circuit is expected to take the Giro d'Italia west for the three-day finale in the Alps.
Stage 18 is expected to finish at Prato Nevoso near Cuneo, followed by a stage from Turin up to Monte Jafferau via the little known Valli di Lanzo, the Colle delle Finestre and Sestriere. Saturday's final mountain stage includes multiple climbs and ends in Cervinia, where Fabio Aru won the stage in 2015.
The riders will travel to Rome on Saturday evening or Sunday morning from Turin for the final stage. It has been suggested that a time trial could be enough to tempt Chris Froome to include the Giro d'Italia on his race programme and also please 2017 Giro d'Italia winner Tom Dumoulin.
Cyclingnews will have full coverage of the 2018 Giro d'Italia and the official route presentation in Milan on November 29.
Pope Francis invited to Israel start
The start of the Giro d'Italia in Israel would be the biggest security operation in the country's history, eclipsing the state funeral of Yitzhak Rabin and the 2014 visit by Pope Francis.
The start in Jerusalem is also a major political coup for the country, despite the on-going Israeli-Palestine and security concerns. It will be first time one of cycling's Grand Tours has started outside of Europe and will commemorate the 70th anniversary of the creation of Israel.
The presence of the Pope at the start in 2018 would make the event even more unique and is a possibility. On Thursday Canadian-Israeli real-estate magnate, Sylvan Adams, who funds the Israel Cycling Academy team and is behind the start of the Giro d'Italia in Israel, met Pope Francis and presented him with a letter from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asking the head of the Catholic Church to honour the race with a public blessing in Jerusalem.
Senior managers at race organiser RCS Sport confirmed news of the invitation to La Gazzetta dello Sport.
The Catholic church still holds a strong sway on Italian life and has historic links to professional cycling. The 1950 Giro d'Italia finished in Rome and several Popes have blessed the race over the years. In 2000 the Giro d'Italia started with a time trial in Rome and the Vatican, with Pope John Paul II meeting Felice Gimondi, Eddy Merckx, Mario Cipollini and Marco Pantani in a special pre-race audience.
The biggest congressional critic of the National Security Agency's bulk collection of US data hailed a White House review panel's recommendations as a major victory for the privacy movement on Wednesday.
“Clearly, this report speaks to what I've heard not just from people here but around the world: that they know that liberty and security are not mutually exclusive,” said senator Ron Wyden, the Oregon Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee who has fought an uphill battle for years to reveal and stop what he considers overbroad and unnecessary surveillance.
“There are substantial, meaningful reforms in this,” Wyden said in an interview Wednesday evening with the Guardian.
In particular, Wyden hailed a finding of the review group, deep into its lengthy report, that undermined the NSA's claim that the collection of all US phone records was indispensable for preventing terrorist attacks.
“Our review suggests that the information contributed to terrorist investigations by the use of section 215 telephony metadata was not essential to preventing attacks, and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conventional section 215 orders,” wrote the group, which is chaired by former CIA deputy director Michael Morrell.
Section 215 is a reference to the portion of the Patriot Act that the Obama administration and intelligence agencies cite to collect in bulk the phone records of millions of Americans and store them for five years. They argue it is a crucial tool to detect domestic connections to terrorism.
“Millions of Americans, having all these phone call records [collected] – who they call, when, a national human-relations database … these knowledgeable experts are saying it was not necessary,” said Wyden, who has accused the NSA and associated intelligence officials of misleading the public about the utility and necessity of the bulk phone records collection.
The review group proposed over 40 recommendations, including that the NSA's phone records collection transition to control by a “private party,” such as a telecommunications firm. Several civil libertarian groups expressed wariness about the recommendation.
Wyden said he was still studying that and other aspects of the review. “Obviously, there's going to be a lot of technical issues associated with telecoms having the information,” said Wyden. “That's going to take some time to work through.”
But the review group's public refutation of a central aspect of the case for bulk domestic phone data collection – disclosed first by the Guardian thanks to leaks from whistleblower Edward Snowden – comes just two days after a federal judge, Richard Leon, doubted from the federal bench that a program of what he considered dubious constitutionality has helped stop terrorism.
“The government does not cite a single case in which analysis of the NSA's bulk metadata collection actually stopped an imminent terrorist attack,” Leon wrote in a Monday opinion that caused shockwaves in Washington.
For months, NSA officials and public advocates have insisted that the bulk collection is not surveillance at all – and that the real surveillance occurs only when the NSA sifts through the data. Yet the review group appeared to reject that perspective. “All intelligence reformers have felt strongly this data collection is not an inoffensive activity,” Wyden said. “It is digital surveillance.”
Wyden said he needed time to parse the full recommendations of the report. But he said that the report “certainly appears” to resolve another of his major concerns with the NSA: the authority for NSA to search its troves of foreign communications for Americans' identifying information without warrants – which he calls the “backdoor search loophole” and also first disclosed by the Guardian. He also hailed the review group's recommendation that a public advocate be placed on the secret surveillance panel known as the Fisa court so judges who sit in secret do not only hear from the government.
“This has been a big week for the cause of intelligence reforms,” Wyden said.
Wyden has been at the forefront of reform efforts. Years before Snowden leaked any data, Wyden –constrained by classification rules – warned that the government had secretly reinterpreted the Patriot Act to collect vastly more data on Americans than the law authorized. He succeeded in 2012 at making public the fact that the Fisa court had ruled on at least one occasion that NSA surveillance had violated the constitution.
And after months of private entreaties to clarify a public comment made by NSA director Keith Alexander in 2012, Wyden asked James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, if the NSA was collecting data on millions of Americans. Clapper untruthfully replied “not wittingly,” a comment for which the director has publicly apologized.
Not all privacy groups are as optimistic about the review group's proposed reforms.
“Many of the recommendations do not go far enough, or raise other privacy concerns that must be fully assessed,” said Cynthia Wong of Human Rights Watch.
“For example, while the review group acknowledges the need to provide greater privacy protections to non-US persons, at the same time, the report ultimately leaves the door open to continued broad, indiscriminate surveillance of foreigners. This report should be viewed as a good start for what changes need in the end to be made.”
But the report's assessment that the bulk collection had an inessential relationship with domestic counterterrorism provides a tailwind to a legislative effort supported by Wyden, the USA Freedom Act, to end it. That battle will resume in January, when Congress returns – and will find an early test when Obama announces which of the Review Group's recommendations he will implement.
“I think this has been a big week for the cause of intelligence reforms,” Wyden said.
(CNN) Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez has taken herself and her staff off the murder case against the police officer accused of wrongly killing Chicago teenager Laquan McDonald.
Gaughan said he would announce his decision on June 2. At a hearing Thursday, Alvarez asked Judge Vincent Michael Gaughan to appoint a special prosecutor in the case against Officer Jason Van Dyke Gaughan said he would announce his decision on June 2.
"My primary goal in bringing a charge of first-degree murder in this case is and always has been about seeking justice for Laquan McDonald," Alvarez said in a statement. "Today I believe that I am fulfilling this obligation by requesting that the court turn this case over to a special prosecutor.
"While it has not been an easy decision, I believe that it is the right one because it will help to avoid unnecessary legal delays and provide continuity in the handling of this very important and complicated case," she said.
Alvarez lost the Democratic primary for state's attorney in March so she would likely not be in office throughout the high-profile case. She had faced heavy criticism over her handling of the case.
BEIJING — A newborn's cries from a public restroom in a residential building in eastern China led a tenant to a startling discovery: a baby boy trapped in a sewage pipe beneath a squat toilet.
Firefighters, unable to pull the baby out, ended up sawing away an L-shaped section of the pipe and carrying it to a hospital, where it was delicately pried apart to save the infant.
Video of the two-hour rescue of Baby No. 59 — so named because of his incubator number in the hospital in the Pujiang area of the city of Jinhua — was shown on Chinese news programs and websites late Monday and Tuesday.
The baby, who weighed 2.8 kilograms (6 pounds, 2.8 ounces), had a low heart rate and some minor abrasions on his head and limbs, but was mostly unhurt, according to Zhejiang Online, the province's official news site. The placenta was still attached.
It was unclear how the baby ended up in the toilet, but police said they were treating the case as an attempted homicide. The Pujiang county police bureau said on its official microblog account that the boy's mother has been located and that an investigation was under way, but it gave no further details.
In the video, officials were shown removing the pipe from a ceiling that apparently was just below the restroom and then, at the hospital, using pliers and saws to gently pull apart the pipe, which was about 10 centimeters (about 3 inches) in diameter.
News of the baby's ordeal was met with horror and pity by bloggers on Chinese sites. Most speculated that the child had been dumped by his parents down the toilet.
The rescue prompted an outpouring from strangers who came to the hospital with diapers, baby clothes, powdered milk and offers to adopt him.
The landlord of the building told Zhejiang News that there were no signs that the birth took place in the restroom and she was not aware of any recent pregnancies among her tenants.
Despite the offers to adopt Baby No. 59, a doctor at the hospital said the boy would be turned over to social services if his parents did not claim him, Zhejiang News said.
In China, reports of babies being abandoned are common and fuel public anger against a strict one-child policy that imposes huge fines on parents who violate the rules. The policy has been blamed as a factor in causing parents to abandon unwanted children, although they are usually baby girls because of a traditional preference for males.
___
Online:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHW_fn2W9HQ
The continuing trend of state-level marijuana legalization has led to growing business establishment, the likes of which this recently illegal trade has never seen. At the tail-end of 2014, which saw legalization initiatives pass in Oregon, Alaska and Washington D.C., joining the ranks of Colorado and Washington, numerous purveyors of cannabis are throwing their hats into what promises to be a booming ring of commerce. As announcements of these brands emerge, cannabis consumers and legalization advocates scrutinize entrepreneurs' intentions, hoping that the next big cannabis brands are in the game for compassion over profits.
The newest legal cannabis brand to enter the fold is IVXX, a company based in Oakland whose products are currently sold in Northern California dispensaries and will soon be available in Nevada as well. Beyond these territories, IVXX plans to expand into more cannabis-legal states as the laws continue to evolve. IVXX currently offers high quality marijuana strains, THC concentrates and pre-rolled joints with a focus on consistency in quality and providing an understanding of the products to consumers.
The brand's founders represent both sides of the incentive to enter a big-time cannabis venture. CEO Salwa Ibrahim is a dispensary operator based in Oakland, CA who has long been an outspoken activist for cannabis legalization as part of Oaksterdam University, an educational institution focusing on cannabis cultivation and business. IVXX President Derek Peterson is also the CEO of his own company, Terra Tech, a company establishing cannabis-growing operations in marijuana-legal states that is currently raising money on Wall Street for a venture in Nevada. Both Ibrahim and Peterson profess a commitment to creating quality and consistency that is lacking in the current California dispensary market, which is largely unregulated and sources supplies from various quasi-legal cooperative grows. According to a press release, Peterson said, "Our goal in developing this brand is to make certain we bring absolute quality and accountability to the entire industry."
To date, a number of companies have announced plans to launch national and international cannabis brands despite the product's illegal federal status, and few have dodged criticism for their intentions. In late 2012, former Microsoft executive Jamen Shively began a bombastic press campaign promoting his venture, Diego Pellicer, a major purveyor of "premium marijuana." Shively's hyperbolic vision for the brand and his novice with the plant itself troubled legalization advocates fearing the commercialization of cannabis as well as established marijuana industry entrepreneurs who admonished his attempt to enter the industry.
More recently, a cannabis-focused private equity firm called Privateer Holdings announced a partnership with the descendants of Bob Marley to create a multinational cannabis brand called Marley Natural. The announcement was met with internet backlash calling it a betrayal of the music icon's anti-establishment message. Outspoken legalization advocate Russ Belville assailed Privateer's CEO for speaking negatively about existing "stoner" culture.
Time and time again, the legalization advocacy community has demonstrated their weariness of outside business interests since the legal marijuana industry became a prospect. The hope is that small dispensary operations with a focus on caregiving have the opportunity to grow to larger scales and maintain their ultimate, compassionate goal as they expand into major brands.
French lifestyle and fashion photographer Jean-Phillipe Lebée brings out the natural beauty of his subjects in images that tell a story. In a villa in a chic area of Marseille, he recently used the Profoto A1, the world's smallest studio light, to create cinematic moments that evoke the ambiance of the Côte d'Azur of the 1980s.
“I love how photography allows me to tell a story via my images and create something unique,” he says.
Jean-Phillipe's interest in photography goes back to his childhood, when he was captivated by his father's photography equipment. “But he would never let me touch it,” he recalls. Seven years ago, he took up photography seriously, and he has been creating images professionally for about five years. Something of a prodigy, he has already created images for global brands.
In his images, Jean-Philippe aims to bring out the inherent beauty of the subject within her own environment. “I want to bring out those aesthetic traits and improve the picture, making it even more beautiful than what I can see with my own eyes, but without ever hiding anything,” he says.
Many of Jean-Philippe's images contain cinematic elements. “I very much like the aesthetics of video and film,” he says. “I prefer these over the aesthetics of classic photographic images. I think of films like those of Jean-Luc Godard and other famous film directors. They inspire the way I set up my images as well as the colors and the models that I use.”
Natural light predominates
He says that the sun always provides most of the light in his images. “Just as in film, there is normally a big light source,” he explains. “I use artificial light to lighten the dark areas and bring out the colors more. It allows me to correct things, but the sun will always be my main source and tell the main story — the way the sunlight falls on the skin, for example. Also, in my black-and-white images, I use a cinematographic type of lighting, where there is always a warm light source.”
With this approach to lighting, Jean-Philippe was immediately intrigued when we presented him with the idea of making the world his studio with the Profoto A1, the world's smallest studio light.
“I hadn't tested the product yet and didn't know the results it could create in my images,” he recalls. “But work tools in general are evolving constantly, with technology making everything smaller and smaller. Photography is no exception.”
For Jean-Philippe, the first step is always to find the right scene, then choose a model and create a story. To start with, he decided to do the shoot in one of the chic areas on the outskirts of Marseille. “I really like this city due to its rich history,” he says. “It was the first Roman city of France, called Marsilla, and it has very beautiful areas. I almost consider it to be the Paris of the south.”
Remembrance of things past
Jean-Philippe decided to shoot the same way he usually shoots, because he wanted to see how the A1 would change how he worked with light while keeping the same overall aesthetic. In this case, the images tell the story of a young woman in a big villa in the south of France. The environment is joyful and summery, like the Côte d'Azur of the 1980s.
“The woman is remembering when she was younger, enjoying herself in that specific environment,” he says. “Normally, I try to capture people in their natural environment, which we didn't do here, obviously. But I wanted to make her feel relaxed, as if it were her own home. It was a challenge, so even though we worked with a stylist, we had the model wear her own clothes. We also put on very natural make-up.”
Small size and portability
Right from the start, he found the A1 easier to use than other lights because of its small size and portability. “My first reaction was that the A1 was fantastic because it is the weight and size of a soft drink can, yet it still can give me amazing lighting results,” he says.
Inside the villa, Jean-Philippe combined light from the A1 with natural light streaming through a window.
With his model sitting on a flight of stairs, in a laid-back pose with a casual air about her, Jean-Philippe used the A1 on camera with the Soft Bounce, moving around her to adjust the framing and the angle of the flash. As the world's smallest studio light, the A1 made it easier for Jean-Philippe to move around and made for a more comfortable, less artificial process for the model.
“I did not say a lot to my model, I just wanted her to be present and natural in the moment in the picture,” he says. “Then I tried to work with framing the scene. Moving with the A1 allowed me to fix shadow areas in the image, especially on the skin. I rarely use flash directly on my subjects.”
Working with contrast and movement
With his model basking in a pool of sunlight on the floor, he let her fingers create shadows on her face from the natural light. “I wanted to create a glamourous image and really liked the effect of the shadows on her face,” he explains. “I just asked her to imagine she was in a scene from a film.”
Meanwhile, his assistant aimed the A1, controlled by an Air Remote on camera, at a reflector as Jean-Philippe worked with contrast and movement. “I like to use natural lighting in my photos, but the A1 allows me to work with contrast, adding it or taking it away, readjusting shadows that are too dark and lighting up the face” he says.
He points out that flash can also accentuate and capture movement within an image. “That one instant of the flash firing can do this, which natural light cannot,” he says, adding, “I like to use 80% natural light and then use 20% of flash to capture this contrast and movement.”
Jean-Philippe adds that the A1's zoom function is an advantage, because it gives him an additional level of control. “It allows me to focus my light and give more or less direction to it from any distance,” he says. “It's a major advantage, because even if the flash is on full power, there isn't any unwanted light in the center of the image.”
In another photo, Jean-Philippe was inspired by the model's haircut to create an image reminiscent of a 1980s magazine cover.
For the images at poolside, Jean-Philippe used a Profoto Air Remote on camera. His assistant used the A1 off camera again, bouncing the flash against a Depron panel to avoid sending light directly from the flash onto the model.
“It was important there, in full sun, to have enough power to balance the sunlight,” he says. “I added a gel on the panel to give a warmer tone.”
As the afternoon wore on, the temperature dropped, so the small size of the A1 helped Jean-Philippe to move quickly for the sake of his now shivering model. “The A1 saves considerable time,” he says. “I could not work as quickly before. Her legs are like that in the image because she was cold!”
“It is an incredible device”
Jean-Philippe recounts that the A1 was great to use and it gave him the results he wanted. “It is an incredible device, really robust, extremely small and light to carry, which is what we needed to make these kinds of images in all these different parts of the house."
“It also gave me the natural-looking lighting I wanted, keeping my images soft and getting rid of shadows I didn't want. I can also use it as a modeling light, use it remotely or have my assistant use it to control my lighting needs from a distance. It is really a fantastic tool.”
In the final analysis, Jean-Philippe says he doesn't think of the A1 as a speedlight at all, but rather sees it as any other Profoto studio light, adding, “This device has completely changed the way I think about artificial lighting when I set up my shoots. It was a bit of a shame that I didn't get more time with it to experiment even more!”
Mérida (venezuelanalysis.com)-- Starting next year, the Venezuelan government will guarantee antiretroviral medication to people with HIV, and will expand the use of a Cuban-made medicine to treat diabetic foot ulcers nation-wide, according to recent announcements by the Venezuelan Health Ministry.
Venezuela's HIV-positive patients “will have their treatment guaranteed next year; we have made preparations to acquire the medicines and cover the whole population free of charge,” said Venezuelan Health Minister Eugenia Sader in an interview with the state television station VTV last week.
Marbelys Hernández, who manages the Health Ministry's AIDS program, said that next month the ministry will begin to use a new HIV test that produces results in one hour. Hernández made the announcement during the Ninth Venezuelan Conference on Infectious Diseases in mid-October.
Also this month, Venezuela participated in a meeting of Latin American Parliament representatives in Panama to discuss public policy on the prevention and treatment of HIV and AIDS. The meeting was sponsored by the United Nations Development Program.
Venezuela does not have a law governing HIV and AIDS policy, but the National Assembly is discussing the possibility of incorporating articles on the diseases, including treatment for HIV- positive prisoners, into the nation's Health Law, according to Legislator Marelis Pérez, who participated in the Panama meeting.
Non-governmental organizations in Venezuela have repeatedly complained of the lack of access to antiretroviral medicines. On Monday, Jhonatan Rodríguez of the Stop VIH Organization told the press the drug known inside the US as Abacavir and outside the US as Kivexa is often not available in hospitals and pharmacies.
“People with HIV have been confronted with four shortages [of medicines] so far this year in Venezuela,” said Rodríguez. “To this, we add the arbitrary changes in treatment plans by people who do not have the attributes or the competence to do so, and the scarcity of condoms distributed free of charge,” the activist added.
The Venezuelan government launched a publicity campaign aimed at public education about HIV and AIDS prevention and treatment in 2005. Free condom distribution was part of the campaign, but did not continue after the campaign ended toward the end of 2005.
According to government figures, there are as many as 56,500 HIV-positive people in Venezuela. 35,512 of them are currently receiving antiretroviral drugs, including 950 children. Most of those with the virus are between the ages of 25 and 45.
According to a recent study by Doctor Alejandro Risquez that was presented at the Venezuelan Conference on Infectious Diseases this month, in Venezuela five people per day, or 1,825 people per year, die from AIDS.
HIV, or human immunodeficiency virus, leads to the acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), a deadly disease that weakens the immune system. There are treatments that reduce the effects of HIV and AIDS, but there is no cure.
Diabetic Foot Ulcers
Venezuela also plans to expand the use of Heberprot-P, a Cuban medicine that has produced positive results in curing diabetic foot ulcer patients.
Currently, Heberprot-P is used in 15 Venezuelan states, and Venezuela's goal is to expand its use to all 24 states, according to Doctor Loyda Gafaro de Valera, who coordinates the Health Ministry's Endocrine-Metabolic Health Program.
Since 2008, when the drug was first used in Venezuela, 12,500 Venezuelans who suffer from diabetic foot ulcers have been treated with Heberprot-P, and only 96 of them ended up needing amputations – a number that might have tripled if it were not for the use of the drug, Gafaro de Valera said.
The doctor said there are currently 100,000 patients in Venezuela who need the treatment, which is provided though a bi-national cooperation accord between Venezuela and Cuba that includes Cuban doctors who administer the treatment free of charge in local public clinics.
Gafaro de Valera made the remarks during the International Congress on Biotechnology, which was held in Havana, Cuba last week and hosted 139 international participants from 33 countries, along with 300 Cuban participants.
According to IPS, Heberprot-P was invented by the Cuban Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology and has been used to treat more than 18,000 patients. The drug is approved for use in Argentina, Algeria, Venezuela, and Uruguay, and awaits approval in Mexico, the United States, South Africa, Australia, and India, according to Prensa Latina.
But thanks in part to bystanders who captured video of this teen's encounter with police, Judge Diana Stuart acquitted him last week. After being illegally stopped, her ruling acknowledged, the youth did tense his arms, struggle to stay on his feet, and flail around with his limbs. But he did so to protect himself from "senseless and aggressive" violence that "a reasonable person would have felt was excessive force," she found, adding that police misrepresented parts of the encounter in their report, which she did not find credible after reviewing the video evidence.
Cases like this are thorny.
In the course of their jobs police will sometimes make understandable mistakes that cause them to detain or arrest an innocent person, and it is untenable to grant everyone a right to fight back against the cops at the moment of an arrest. At the same time, when police descend upon an innocent who is doing nothing wrong, roughly grab him, and react to his understandable confusion, alarm, and tensing of arms by punching, pummeling, and even tasing him, it's easy to see how that individual might start to feel like he's not "resisting" so much as protecting himself from bodily harm being meted out by corrupt brutes. Judges must decide what was reasonable for all involved to have thought in the moment as one or both parties were escalating the encounter in ways that can be hard to parse.
The judge found that there was reasonable doubt that this teen was resisting arrest. And that's noteworthy for two reasons:
1) The ubiquity of mobile-phone videos is changing the justice system. In the past, police were almost always thought credible when giving testimony about a struggle. Now, ambiguities and outright falsehoods in their narratives are exposed and judges are reacting by openly impugning the credibility of officers. As the teen's lawyer put it, "Were it not for the surveillance footage captured by the bank camera and the videos of two bystanders, the truth of what happened to Thai Gurule that September evening might never have been revealed in a courtroom." It was no longer possible to just accept the version voiced by the authorities.
2) Police unions are hugely threatened by this and their reactions highlight the staggering degrees of deference that they were accustomed to enjoying. For example, consider how Portland police union President Daryl Turner responded to the judge's ruling.
Here's an Oregonian article with his statement:
Portland police union president Daryl Turner on Monday decried a Multnomah County judge's findings last week that officers used excessive force in the arrest of a 16-year-old boy. Turner called the ruling "unfair'' and "discouraging,'' and questioned the judge's authority to second-guess the officers. He also said the judge shouldn't have relied on what he characterized as "shaky cell phone video footage.'' "What is most discouraging is that when police officers respond to a call, those officers must now be concerned that someone sit in hindsight, from the safety of a courtroom, will not only question their actions, but their credibility,'' Turner wrote in a lengthy statement to members of the Portland Police Association.
He doesn't just complain that the case was wrongly decided. As he sees it, judges never have any business evaluating police actions or assessing the credibility of their testimony. What does he think trials are for if not to understand what happened with the benefit of hindsight? Why does he imagine that police officers are cross-examined if there is no need to determine if they are credible? His are the words of a police representative whose civic knowledge has atrophied due to years of enjoying excessive deference. Basic safeguards strike him as "discouraging."
Obama lackeys' talking points side with Iran regime over protesters
During the 2009 Green Movement uprising, when Iranians fought for their liberty against the despotic regime in Tehran, President Obama remained conspicuously silent for days. By and large, he abandoned the Iranian people in their time of need.
We now know that while protests were ongoing, Obama officials were creating conditions that would result in an agreement that ensured Iran could develop a nuclear bomb within the next decade. That agreement led to a cash-flush Iran that continues to pursue an expansionist foreign policy. Thanks to the Iran deal, in addition to Obama's foreign policy promoting “daylight” with loyal allies, Iran now asserts control over much of the region, and dominates the internal affairs of Syria, Lebanon, Iraq, and Yemen.
You'd think that this foreign policy failure would be enough for high-ranking Obama administration officials to revisit their views on Iran. But this turns out to not be the case.
Sunday marked day four of the Iranian people's countrywide protests against the dictatorship. Their incredible acts of bravery have taken the attention of the world by storm. From tearing down posters of the Supreme Leader to demanding “death to the Islamic Republic,” these fearless, freedom-fighters know that their actions could result in the death penalty, but they choose to take the streets, day after day, night after night, risking it all for their freedom.
https://twitter.com/AmirToumaj/status/947139459790884864
#IranProtests: Hundreds of thousands across #Iran chant "We don't want Islamic Republic!" & "Clerics shame on you, let go of our country!" Woman in video took off her #Hijab to protest Islamic dress code imposed on Iranian women since 1979. #IStandWithHer pic.twitter.com/CHNwrTsWPA — Mark Vallen (@mark_vallen) December 29, 2017
#Update7 :protesters attacked the governor office of #Hamedan, chanting: “ Death to the Islamic Republic”, “We don't want Islamic Republic”.#Qom chanting “Death to the Islamic Republic “, “Death to Hezbollah”, we don't want an Islamic Republic”#Iranprotests #RegimeChange pic.twitter.com/GlsovMmygg — Raman Ghavami (@Raman_Ghavami) December 29, 2017
It's all too predictable that the same Obama officials who gave us the Iran nuclear deal are now weighing in with extremely shoddy analysis, with many of them providing talking points that would secure the terrorist regime's grip on power while also securing their Iran deal.
Former top Obama administration officials Ben Rhodes, John Kerry, and Susan Rice tell us — in what bears the hallmarks of a coordinated messaging campaign — that it's really just a domestic issue, and Americans have no role in any efforts to support the good guys.
The Iranian people are rightfully demanding dignity, less corruption, more opportunity, and greater control over their lives. In looking at US twitter, it seems lost on too many that this is about what Iranians want for Iran, and not about us. — Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) December 31, 2017
With humility about how little we know about what's happening inside Iran, this much is clear: it's an Iranian moment and not anyone else's. But the rights of people to protest peacefully and voice their aspirations are universal and governments everywhere should respect that. — John Kerry (@JohnKerry) December 31, 2017
How Can Trump Help Iran's Protesters? Be Quiet. https://t.co/w0MNlWMkxG — Susan Rice (@AmbassadorRice) December 31, 2017
These “echo chamber” talking points, which are circulating among prominent figures in the establishment media, are utter nonsense.
First of all, they treat the situation like the scales are weighed evenly between the Iranian regime and protesters. They fail to mention that the bad guys have all the guns, and the people in the streets are entirely disarmed. Although they may represent the majority of Iranians, the protesters do not have arms at their disposal. It is the police and militias that hold all of the weapons, placing the freedom-seeking people at a huge disadvantage.
The protesters also face a significant obstacle when it comes to organizing. The regime recently cut off almost all internal communications. While police and government officials are able to communicate on strategies to quash protests, the same access is not granted to the Iranian citizen. The regime has already shut down popular social media and messaging apps such as Telegram, Twitter, and Instagram.
Lastly, Iran is not a democracy or accountable to its citizens. The regime will not simply give in to demands for reform. Iranian citizens do not have the right to protest the regime, and this has been true since 1979, when Iran became an Islamic supremacist-dominated theocracy. It is incredibly naive to believe, as Hillary Clinton wished, that the Ayatollah's Islamic Republic will simply “support their hopes” for better government. The “Supreme Leader” of Iran, Ali Khamenei, rules the country with unchecked power. There is no system in place to hold him accountable. The only way to do so is to topple his throne or force him out of power.
Obama's lackeys surrendered every bit of moral authority they had when they shilled for the nuclear deal and ignored the aspirations of the Iranian people in 2009. It should come as no surprise that they are doubling-down on nonsensical, easily debunked talking points tailored to provide cover for the evil regime in Tehran.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
GAZA - Mahmoud Bakeer speaks with despair about the night of the flash flood, when he screamed at his wife and five children to flee their home on Gaza's border with Egypt as the water rushed in.
They made it to safety during the flooding last week, but a network of Palestinian tunnels running under the frontier town of Rafah is now water-logged, destroyed by Cairo to sever what it says is a weapons smuggling route out of Gaza for Islamist insurgents in Egypt's Sinai desert.
For Bakeer, 61, the fact that Egypt, once a gateway to the world for Gaza's 1.8 million Palestinians, was behind his family's suffering, was particularly painful."We respect our neighbors, we love Egypt, but our neighbors are making our life harder," he said in his one-story unfinished cinder block house, around which water seeps and cracks in the ground are growing wider.Egypt's pumping of salt water from the nearby Mediterranean into the tunnels is not only creating a mess as it rises to the surface. Palestinian officials say it is also contaminating water supplies as well as threatening to wreck farmland and spread disease.Local residents say that at the peak of the tunnel business, after Hamas Islamists seized the Gaza Strip in 2007 and Israel tightened a closure of its crossings into the enclave, nearly 2,500 underground passages snaked under the border with Egypt.The direction of traffic was mainly into Gaza. Commercial goods - and weapons smuggled in separate tunnels controlled by Hamas and other militant factions - flowed in defiance of what Palestinians and many of their supporters decried as neighboring Israel's siege.In 2008-10, some tunnel owners were said to have become dollar millionaires as they shifted everything from Hummer vehicles and washing machines to cows and sheep through the underground system. Hamas imposed a tax on shipments.At one point an estimated 22,000 Palestinians worked in the tunnel "industry". However, it shrank markedly in 2010 after Israel, under international pressure to ease restrictions on commercial imports into Gaza, allowed more goods in through its overland crossings.Then this September, battling an insurgency in northern Sinai, Egypt decided to shut down the tunnels once and for all. Determined to halt what it said was an arms flow in the opposite direction, from Gaza to the militants, it cleared the area on its side of the border and began pumping water into the underground maze, collapsing the land.Tunnel-builders said Egypt has pumped in water several times since September, and that over the course of a few weeks had done more damage to the network, which once accounted for an estimated 30 percent of Gaza's imports, than Israeli bombing had caused over the past two decades.Now, the diggers said, fewer than 20 tunnels remain for commercial goods, with easy-to-smuggle cigarettes the main contraband. No one can, or will, say how many weapons tunnels remain - a secret that is guarded by Hamas and other armed groups, which last fought a war with Israel in 2014.What is left is an environmental mess, residents and local officials said, with the seawater polluting underground drinking reserves. The overflow has reached streets and homes within 100 meters (yards) of the border fence. Vast puddles and mud are everywhere."One cubic meter of seawater pollutes 40 cubic meters of underground water," said Tamer al-Sleibi, water department director in the Palestinian Environment Quality Authority in Gaza, who is concerned about long-term environmental damage.Egypt's campaign, he said, could weaken the foundations of homes already on shaky ground due to tunnel-building and make land unfit for agriculture in areas near the frontier. There is also a health risk as the water turns stagnant, allowing mosquitoes and other disease carriers to breed.Rafah Mayor Subhy Rudwan said the six wells that serve the city of 230,000 are threatened with contamination. "We are monitoring the situation along the border closely and we have noticed some collapses of ground in some areas," he said.Last Friday, Rudwan said, Egyptian forces pumped in seawater from morning to night. "If they continue to do it, the lives and residence of people in the border area will be in danger, and they might be forced to quit their houses. We have appealed to Egypt to stop the flooding," he said.Hamas leaders have rejected Cairo's allegations that it meddles in Egyptian affairs and that it has an armed presence outside Gaza. Representatives of the group have met Egyptian officials but failed to persuade them to turn off the taps.In the tunnel zone, workers now move mud out of the once busy hub that provided a lifeline for Gaza's inhabitants. The border crossing with Egypt has been largely closed by the Western-backed government in Cairo.One tunnel owner said it had cost him $200,000 to build the structure, and the flooding had forced him to cut his workforce of 54 to only eight. "We bring in cigarettes for a few days a month and we spend the rest of the days clearing the mud," he said, asking not to be identified.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Despite Dim Prospects, Syrian Exodus To Germany Continues
Despite Dim Prospects, Syrian Exodus To Germany Continues Listen · 4:09 4:09
Enlarge this image toggle caption Swen Pfortner/DPA/Landov Swen Pfortner/DPA/Landov
Human rights officials say the Syrian civil war is creating Europe's biggest refugee crisis in decades, but that countries across the continent are doing little about it.
Most European nations are refusing to take in Syrian refugees, choosing instead to send money to the United Nations and other international agencies. The few EU countries like Germany that are welcoming Syrians only offer refuge to a few thousand out of the more than 2 million Syrians who have fled their homeland.
But the cool reception isn't stopping Syrians from risking their lives to get to Europe.
toggle caption Jens Schlueter/Getty Images
There are many smiling faces at the Friedland transit camp in the German state of Lower Saxony. There, Syrian refugee children play outside pristine barracks on a warm winter day.
A few Syrian men unwind nearby with an informal game of soccer.
One of those kicking the ball around is 23-year-old Ibrahim.
The sports teacher, who doesn't want to give his last name, says he spent everything he had and borrowed a lot more to pay smugglers $7,000 to get him here from the Syrian capital Damascus.
He says he traveled by boat from Turkey to Greece, where the police beat him and other refugees.
Ibrahim got away. He says he later traveled by train from Italy to the German city of Dortmund, where he turned himself in to police and asked for asylum.
Like many at the camp, Ibrahim is relieved to be among the lucky few who made it to Germany. And like them, he fears his luck will turn and that he'll be sent back to Syria.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jens Schlueter/Getty Images Jens Schlueter/Getty Images
"We hear a lot of good things about Germany and how they treat refugees. I'd like to work here and continue my university studies," Ibrahim says. "But of course I'm worried they are going to kick me out."
His concern is understandable. Germany is one of 14 European countries that deported dozens of Syrian asylum seekers last year. Officials say that's because of a treaty that requires migrants seeking entry to Europe to be processed by the first EU country they arrive in.
Most of them ended up in Bulgaria, which lacks the means to handle the influx and is widely accused of mistreating Syrian refugees.
UNHCR, the U.N. refugee agency in Geneva, is one of a growing number of groups calling on European governments to stop deporting refugees, even if they arrive illegally.
"What we want here is for Europe to ensure that those Syrians who are fleeing persecution, fleeing the desperate situation and the war in Syria, are given the protection that they need," says Dan McNorton, a UNHCR spokesman.
Building New Lives Amid Worries
Back at the German camp, even Syrians who came here legally through programs managed by the U.N. express fear about being sent back.
Kassm al-Kady is one of them. He arrived from Beirut the night before with his wife and four of his children on a chartered plane with other Syrian refugees. The packed planes are coming to Germany every other week.
He says he was told in Beirut that his family would be allowed to stay in Germany for two years, but had to agree to leave earlier if asked by German authorities to do so.
The 58-year-old engineer says he and his family try not to dwell on fear and are focusing instead on their new life.
That life begins here at Friedland, where refugees take German language classes. They also receive meals and medical care, as well as a small allowance they use to shop in the local village.
The camp was originally set up by British Allied forces at the end of World War II to deal with German refugees and prisoners of war returning from Eastern Europe.
Since then, it's handled hundreds of thousands of refugees from subsequent wars, including in the Balkans, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Camp coordinator Heinrich Hoernschemeyer says Friedland is currently home to 500 refugees from 10 countries, the largest group being Syrian.
About half of the 10,000 Syrian refugees Germany has agreed to resettle will pass through Friedland.
Hoernschemeyer says that number is not enough. He likens it to trying to cool a hot stone with a single drop of water.
"My parents experienced war, and there were many Germans at the time who were happy to find refuge in other countries," he says. "We should remember that."
UPPER EAST SIDE — A son slashed his father inside an Upper East Side luxury building early Wednesday morning before jumping to his death from a 46th floor window, according to the NYPD.
Mark Citrin, 27, was acting erratically when his father, Niles Citrin, 65, tried to calm him down inside the family home at 200 E. 65th St. at about 6:50 a.m., according to officials and sources. Mark then attacked his father, slashing him on the head and arm before barricading himself inside of his bedroom, police and sources said.
NYPD hostage negotiators tried to talk Mark out of the room, but the son yelled “No!” and then jumped out of the window, according to sources.
Mark also tossed some items out the window before leaping, including a book titled "Modernist Cuisine," sources added.
Maggie McDonald was walking by the building on her way to work when she noticed a sweater floating out of a window.
“I thought, ‘Oh, that's weird,' and was thinking somebody was mad at their significant other,” McDonald said.
Then all of a sudden people started screaming.
"I heard this thud that I'll never forget," she said. "It was like two trucks colliding.”
Niles was taken to New York-Presbyterian Hospital in stable condition, an NYPD spokesman said.
There was no immediate information on what sparked the stabbing, according to police.
The father is reportedly a founding member of the accounting firm Citrin Cooperman.
"We have no comment on this," said a woman who answered the phone at the firm before hanging up.
Mark had been working as a host at Gallagher's Steakhouse in Midtown since February.
"It was with great sadness that we learned of the tragic death of our friend and colleague Mark Citrin," a spokesman from the restaurant said in a statement. "He was a smart, collegial, and delightful person with a bright future in the restaurant business. We mourn his loss and offer the deepest sympathy and condolences to his family."
Another coworker described Mark as a "nice kid.
"He was a positive influence on the restaurant. I was shocked," said the male coworker, who asked to remain anonymous. "I never thought he'd do something like that."
With reporting by Anton Nilsson.
In the financial services world, metal cards often signify premium products offered to high net-worth clientele.
Monaco, a cryptocurrency payment company, announced today that it has selected Gemalto, a digital security company to supply innovative card bodies, among which are high-end metal cards for Monaco's range of Visa Platinum cards. Such cards, coupled with the Monaco app, deliver users up to 2% cryptocurrency cashback on all purchases.
The Monaco card portfolio ranges from the classic plastic Visa card Midnight Blue to the Limited Edition Visa Platinum cards beautifully crafted with metal composite in a matte finish and available in Ruby Steel, Rose Gold, Space Gray, and Obsidian Black. The cards have high- end security components which give users peace of mind as they make transactions across the globe. The near-field communication (NFC) tap-and-pay functionality also enables more flexibility and convenience, speeding up and providing a smoother payment
In late October, Monaco received the approval from its card issuer to begin distributing cards.
The U.S. has launched a devastating missile strike against a Syrian military field in response to allegations the Syrian regime launched a chemical weapons attack.
NBC News is reporting Thursday evening that the U.S. military has launched a missile strike against the al-Shayrat military airfield, with CNN also confirming that 50 Tomahawk cruise missiles were used in the attack.
Two U.S. warships in the Mediterranean Sea fired the Tomahawk missiles. It's unclear whether there were any casualties, but officials told NBC News that no personnel were targeted. Rather, the missiles were aimed at aircraft and infrastructure.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis had informed Trump of possible military options Thursday evening.
The strike follows on the heels of a dramatic shift in the Trump administration's view on the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad, which has taken place in the aftermath of a suspected sarin chemical weapons attack. Both President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson have pointed the finger at Assad as being responsible.
“What Assad did is terrible,” the president said Thursday, calling the use of sarin poison gas an “egregious crime.”
“There is no doubt in our minds” that the Syrian military launched the chemical weapons attack, said Tillerson Thursday.
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Send tips to jonah@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
BOCA RATON, Fla. – NHL senior vice president of player safety Brendan Shanahan says he is bothered when he hears that players don't respect each other anymore because he has video evidence to the contrary.
Monday, he showed NHL general managers several video clips of players who had an opportunity to level a vulnerable player and didn't take the shot. In one example, the Boston Bruins' Shawn Thornton took a stride to his right to make sure he hit Montreal Canadiens defenseman P.K. Subban from a far less dangerous position.
"Every night we see players making good decisions and better decisions (about delivering hits)," Shanahan said.
Shanahan showed video clips to explain how seemingly similar hits resulted in different rulings from him. When the clips were slowed down, Shanahan was able to demonstrate whether the player was trying to stop, whether he was being pushed from behind or whether he was making an acceptable hockey play.
He also disputed the suggestion that while headshots are down, kneeing, clipping and running the goalie is on the rise. The raw numbers of those penalties are roughly the same as last season, he said.
"It was a pretty positive message today," said Shanahan, who is in his first season as the league's discipline czar.
Shanahan told general managers that he believes NHL players are adapting to the new standards.
"I don't think we are in the punishment business," he said. "We are in the changing behavior business."
At the start of the season, hits were down slightly, to about 42 a game, probably because players were adjusting to new rules onboarding and head hits. But now they're up to about 45 a game, about the same as last season's all-time high.
Since rules changes were introduced after the lockout to speed up the game, hitting is up about 40%, according to league figures.
The league also reported that man-games lost to concussions is up significantly, but the number of concussions are roughly the same as last season.
The number of concussions caused by accidental collisions and fights were down and those caused by legal and illegal hits are up. A little more than 3% of all concussions were caused by fighting, according to NHL vice president of hockey operations Kris King.
"More man-games lost is because teams are more conservative in the way they are treating concussions," said Detroit Red Wings general manager Ken Holland. "The second concussion is usually more severe than the first, so we are trying to be real more conservative."
King said the increase in man-games also stems from the fact that a few concussed players have been out for a long time.
"We are going to have concussions. We are never going to get it to zero," Toronto Maple Leafs general manager Brian Burke said. "And the game wouldn't be worth watching if we get it to zero. What we want it to do is take out the unnecessary ones, the senseless ones."
Sputnikmusic.com
Only the most sullen athiest would not be moved by A Love Supremeand no musician can deny this is one of the most formidable jazz quartets of all time […]
NPR
John Coltrane's Eternal ‘A Love Supreme' Drummer Elvin Jones says Coltrane “never wrote out any music for us. When he played we more or less had to imagine, or feel, how to interpret the song. And it got to the point where I felt I was almost part of his mind, almost telepathic in a way.” […]
All About Jazz
Coltrane links the music on the album to a spiritual awakening that began for him, he said, in 1957, (enabling him to give up drugs, or at least to begin to do so) and had steadily grown in intensity in the intervening seven years. […]
The IS group is one the defensive as the Syrian army battles it in Aleppo province as well as Hama (AFP Photo/George OURFALIAN)
Washington (AFP) - Russian warplanes bombed US-backed fighters in several small villages in northern Syria after they mistakenly thought Islamic State group forces were in the area, a US general said Wednesday.
Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend said Russian and Syrian regime aircraft attacked the villages to the south and east of Al-Bab in Aleppo province on Tuesday, resulting in an unspecified number of casualties.
The Russians apparently had observed Islamic State fighters moving from the area and wrongly assumed that other forces remaining were jihadists.
Related Video:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
"We had some Russian aircraft and regime aircraft bomb some villages that I believe they thought were held by ISIS, yet... actually on the ground were some of our Syrian Arab Coalition forces," Townsend told reporters in a video call from Baghdad, using another acronym for the jihadists.
The SAC forms part of a broader alliance called the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) comprising Kurdish and other groups that the United States has been training and advising to lead the anti-IS fight.
US troops operating less than five kilometers (three miles) from the villages observed the bombing and communicated the error, which was then passed to the Russians through a "deconfliction" hotline the two powers have established to avoid mishaps.
"It became apparent that the strikes were falling on some of the Syrian coalition positions," Townsend said.
"Some quick calls were made to our deconfliction channels and the Russians acknowledged and stopped bombing there."
The Russian defense ministry denied conducting air strikes but confirmed communication through the hotline.
"During these talks, the US Air Force representative expressed concern that Syrian and Russian airplanes could inflict an unintentioned strike on US-controlled armed groups while carrying out combat missions against (IS) south of Manbij," the Russian ministry said in a statement.
"This information was taken into account by the Russian command. Not one strike was carried out by Syrian or Russian aviation on the districts pointed out by the American side."​
About 500 US troops are in Syria, almost all of them special operations commandos. Their role is currently limited to advising local forces and staying behind front lines.
- Tangled lines of conflict -
Hardly straightforward to begin with, the anti-IS fight in civil war-torn Syria is growing ever more complex.
Russia is using air power to prop up the regime of President Bashar al-Assad but also sometimes strikes IS.
Turkey has moved into northern Syria and is battling IS while also trying to keep US-backed Kurdish forces in check.
And America is trying to support the Kurds while not alienating ally Turkey.
"It's a very complicated battlefield situation where essentially three armies and an enemy force have all converged within the same grid square," Townsend said.
"Everybody should keep their sights focused on ISIS... and not fighting deliberately or accidentally one another."
Anti-IS operations in Syria will eventually center on Raqa, the supposed capital of the "caliphate" that IS declared in 2014.
Given the political sensitivities, questions abound on the extent to which Kurdish forces would be involved in the offensive and whether they would enter the city.
Townsend said he expects the Kurds to take part in the Raqa offensive "in one form or fashion."
"The facts are there are Kurds from Raqa and larger Raqa district and province. So there are Kurds from there, local Kurds who will participate."
Separately, Townsend said between 12,000 and 15,000 IS fighters remain in Iraq and Syria, an indication of a significant dwindling of the jihadists' forces.
The US military only provides periodic updates on estimates of IS fighters but in 2015 and 2016, the Pentagon put the number at between 20,000 and 30,000 in the two countries.
Townsend said the remaining forces are split about equally between Syria and Iraq, and are still able to cross the border.
Russia only sent troops and tanks to drive Georgian forces out of South Ossetia after President George Bush failed to put pressure on Georgia's president to stop his attacks on the breakaway territory, Vladimir Putin said yesterday. The Russian prime minister told a group of western journalists and experts on Russia that he held two meetings with the US leader during the Beijing Olympics as the crisis began to unfold, but received insufficient assurances from him.
"They [Georgian military forces] launched their attacks at 23:30 [on August 7]. I learned about it the following morning. I spoke to Bush. He said 'No one wants war.' We expected something would happen," Putin said, suggesting that he expected the US to rein in its regional ally in Tbilisi.
"I met him again at the stadium. I can't tell you in detail the content of the conversation, but I had the feeling that his administration wouldn't do anything about stopping the conflict," Putin said. Russian tanks were then ordered to move on the South Ossetian capital, Tskhinvali.
It is the first time that Putin has blamed the US for allowing the crisis to erupt. He was polite about Bush, saying he respected his integrity, but he suggested that the president's advisers had taken the key decisions. "It's a court which makes a king. Maybe the court thought the king shouldn't intervene," he said.
In his trademark blunt language, Putin also issued a direct warning to the UK that relations could never be repaired as long as London hosted dissident exiles such as the Chechen independence advocate Akhmed Zakayev. "Why do you allow Great Britain to be used as a launching pad to fight Russia? If we were to give safe haven to militants of the IRA, with arms in their hands, what would you do? Why can they engage in open anti-Russian activity? That's why it's not possible to build normal relations with Britain," he said.
Zakayev was given asylum in Britain in 2003, the same year as the Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky. Both were close to the former KGB spy Alexander Litvinenko, whose murder in London in 2006 sent bilateral relations plunging.
Despite his tough language over the South Ossetia conflict, Putin refused to issue threats against the west for supporting Georgia. He accused the US of training the Georgian army before its attack on Tskhinvali last month. "They sent instructors who helped to mobilise the Georgian forces. Of course we had to respond."
Throughout yesterday's three-hour meeting, he blamed the west for being stuck in cold war "anti-Russian phobia", and the American presidential candidates, John McCain and Barack Obama, for "playing the Russian card". This was "only a sign of the candidates' weakness", he said.
Making it clear that any expansion of Nato to Georgia or Ukraine would be unwelcome to Moscow, Putin said it was time to create a security architecture for Europe which reflected the new realities in the continent.
Russia had no imperial aims, he said, and should be credited for dismantling the Soviet Union. "Had it not been for Russia, the Soviet Union wouldn't have been dismantled," he said.
He took issue with the Bush administration's recent decision to install long-range missiles in Poland, ostensibly as a defence against potential missiles from Iran. Iran had no such missiles, he said, and the US missile system's intentions were clear. If the US deployed any missiles, Russia would target Poland. "Our targeting will start as soon as the missiles are deployed," Putin said. "We say, please don't try again to instigate an arms race in Europe."
He criticised the Bush administration for foisting decisions on Europe. The missile decisions "began with bilateral talks with Poland, and then they started to convince Europe it was in their interest". He made the same point about Ukraine's government's decision to seek Nato membership. "Eighty per cent of Ukranians don't want it," he said.
He denied that he was in overall control of Russian decision-making, insisting that President Dmitry Medvedev was the commander in chief. "He's modern, with a liberal democratic view of things and an excellent education. I am sorry it was his lot to have to deal with this crisis. He is a decent man. He had to give the order to send troops to these republics [South Ossetia and the other breakaway region of Abkhazia]. He had to recognise these republics, he couldn't do otherwise. These were his decisions."
Putin made clear that Russia could easily have occupied Georgia and toppled its president, Mikheil Saakashvili. "Our forces were 15 kilometres [nine miles] from Tbilisi. It would have taken four hours to capture Tbilisi. We didn't have that goal."
WASHINGTON (AP) — On the defensive over the pace of federal help for Puerto Rico, President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans cleared the way Thursday for more supplies and government cash for the hurricane-ravaged U.S. island.
Trump waived federal restrictions on foreign ships delivering cargo. And House Speaker Paul Ryan said the Federal Emergency Management Agency's disaster relief account will get a $6.7 billion boost by the end of the week. Trump and his advisers, meanwhile, defended the administration's response to the devastation on the island, which was hit by Hurricane Maria Sept. 20 with many people left desperate for power, food and other supplies.
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 28, 2017
The developments Thursday came after Trump came under sharp criticism for what critics said was a too-slow response to a humanitarian crisis among Puerto Rico's 3.4 million residents.
From the White House driveway to cable television, a squad of advisers defended the president's response and described the relief efforts as well underway, with most hospitals "operational."
Acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke said she signed the waiver of a federal law called the Jones Act to clear the way for foreign-flagged ships to deliver supplies between U.S. ports.
"You are seeing devastation in Puerto Rico. That is the fault of the hurricane," Duke told reporters in the White House driveway. "The relief effort is under control."
Tom Bossert, Trump's homeland security adviser, said the impression of a slow response isn't so much wrong as it is outdated. He said more than 40 of the island's 69 hospitals are accepting patients.
And FEMA Administrator Brock Long said the efforts have been hampered by damaged airports and ports on the island.
"The question is that last mile," Long told CNN, speaking of the difficulty of getting aid all the way to those in need.
Ryan, meanwhile, said a "huge capital injection will occur in two days" to help Puerto Rico recover. He noted Trump had waived a matching funds requirement, which means the cash-strapped island won't have to contribute to the initial costs of the federal assistance. The Wisconsin Republican said he expects the Trump administration to send Congress a request for a long-term recovery package once damage assessments are conducted.
"We will quickly act on that request," Ryan said.
Duke said the shipping waiver came in response to a request from Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello. The waiver, the White House said, would go into effect immediately.
Rossello responded on Twitter to Trump's action: "Thank you @POTUS."
Duke had waived the law earlier this month to help ease fuel shortages in the Southeast following hurricanes Harvey and Irma. That order included Puerto Rico but expired last week, shortly after Maria struck.
The Trump administration initially said a waiver was not needed for Puerto Rico because there were enough U.S.-flagged ships available to ferry goods to the island.
RELATED COVERAGE
Happy Friday! Another sort of behind-the-scenes post this week. This time it's all about the DIY Tropical Paper Leaf Props. I'm always looking around for props for my photos at various stores and thought – hey, I can just print and cut them out! So this week my props are all about pretty paper tropical leaves. Do you use props for your photos?
The What
The How
In Silhouette Studio, open your tropical leaf designs and place the top of the box in the print/cut area Fill with color and/or thicken the lines to show a border Show registration marks and send to print and cut using cardstock settings
And just like that, you now have yourself some cute props for your photos. Which tropical leaves did you choose? Let me know in the comments below!
Approaching Cinderella Castle - Magic Kingdom
I was trying to find some different vantage points to shoot Cinderella Castle while the sky was displaying some really great colors. I liked how this spot looked up at the castle, as if you were making your way over the hill to finally arrive there.
I had to upload a photo this morning to test out the new flickr. My initial reaction when seeing it last night was I did not like it. After I used it for about ten minutes though, it started to grow on me and I was preferring the large photos that are now on display. The navigation might take a bit of getting use to. My main issue with it right now is the comments and how they are shown. I prefer to see all the comments under the photo and don't like that you need to click a second link for them all to load.
----------------------
Photo Magic Update!
The Illuminations Dessert Party presented by Kingdom Camera Rentals is almost sold out, we have less than 10 tickets remaining for it. If you want to purchase a ticket, visit Disney Photography Blog.
Done
OTTAWA — The Canadian government this week responded to US President Donald Trump's decision to impose a 20% tariff on softwood lumber imports by implementing a 30% tax on America's chief export, white nationalism.
“We're simply levelling the playing field,” insisted Ministry of Foreign Trade spokesperson Janet Umberto. “Canadian supremacists have long been forced to spew intolerance, misinformation and divisive, scapegoating rhetoric through privately-funded the groups like Rebel Media and Sun News. Meanwhile, NAFTA allows American racists to spread the exact same brand of vitriolic racial hatred for pennies on the dollar through government-owned programs like the Senate, Congress, and White House.”
The newly levied fines will make it prohibitively expensive for Canada's alt-right to employ American-made, racially loaded code words like ‘globalist,' ‘rule of law,' ‘states' rights,' and ‘white genocide' to scare up support for their dream of a racially pure white ethno-state. The aim is to incentive racists north of the border to destroy Canada's social fabric using locally-manufactured expressions like ‘barbaric practices,' ‘Old-Stock Canadians,' and ‘Canadian values.'
Similar tolls are expected to be placed on sales of the Confederate Flag, in the hopes of replacing it with the Canadian Red Ensign, a staple of the residential school system, and a nod to the country's own rich history of cultural whitewashing.
But while American nationalists have predictably slammed the tariffs as “garden-variety snowflake cuckery,” Canada's white extremist community applauded the Liberal government's show of solidarity.
“Frankly, I think it sends two important messages,” explained Kelly MacInnes, VP of Marketing & Eugenics for Canadian white nationalist group Heritage Front. “One, you go after a cornerstone of our economy, we'll go after a cornerstone of yours. And two, Canada is every bit as adept as the US when it comes the systemic and institutionalized marginalization of non-whites.”
“Besides, it'll be hard for Americans to burn crosses if they can't afford the wood to build them, eh?”
On November 1, one week before the presidential election, when a black Baptist church burned down Greenville, Mississippi with the words "Vote Trump" spray painted on the side, CNN was quick to suggest that the arson could be a "hate crime" targeting the local black community.
CNN quoted Mayor Errick Simmons who said said he spoke to some of the church's 200 congregants "who were fearful and felt intimidated. They felt the vandalism was not just an attack on the church, but on the black community, he said." It was all the CNN anchors could talk about for hours, if not days.
To be sure, there were those who suggested that contrary to the forced narrative, the arson could be nothing more than a false flag attack meant to incite anger at Trump supporters, but they were quickly silenced by being branded simply as purveyors of "fake news."
As it turns out, the "fake news" was right, because as AP reported this afternoon, the arsonist Andrew McClinton, 45, of Leland Mississippi has been arrested, and not only was he a member of the church congregation, but he was also African American.
So much for a "hate crime" against the black community.
Andrew McClinton
McClinton was charged Wednesday with first degree arson of a place of worship, said Warren Strain, spokesman for the Mississippi Department of Public Safety.
Hopewell Bishop Clarence Green said McClinton is a member of the church. Green said he didn't know about the arrest until he was called by The Associated Press.
Bishop Clarence Green stands outside his fire damaged 200-member
Hopewell M.B. Baptist Church in Greenville, Miss
Seemingly perturbed by the realization that the fire was started by a member of his own flock, not to mention a black man intent on provoking racial and political tensions under a "false flag", the Bishop had little to add: "This is the first I have heard of it," said Green, who said he was attending to other church duties and didn't have time for a longer interview according to AP.
Amusingly, even as the police investigation continues, a state official said politics did not appear to be the reason for the fire. "We do not believe it was politically motivated. There may have been some efforts to make it appear politically motivated," Mississippi Insurance Commissioner Mike Chaney, who is also the state fire marshal, told AP.
Well, that's one way to understate it... just like there are now "some efforts" to forget all about the fearmongering, race-baiting narrative that was spun instantly after the arson, in an attempt to demonize the stereotypical "angry, white, republican" Trump supporter, when it was all nothing more than a false flag attack.
Greenville is a Mississippi River port city of about 32,100 people, and about 78% of its residents are African-American. While it's not unusual for people of different racial backgrounds to work and eat lunch together, local residents say the congregations at most churches remain clearly identifiable by race. Hopewell was founded in 1905 in the heart of an African-American neighborhood, and the congregation now has about 200 members. While some walls of the beige brick church survived the fire, the empty windows are boarded up and church leaders have said the structure will likely be razed. Rebuilding could take months.
After the fire, Hopewell congregants began worshipping in a chapel at predominantly white First Baptist Church of Greenville where they have been warmly accepted. The Hopewell bishop, Clarence Green, said last month the generosity of First Baptist demonstrates that "unlimited love" transcends social barriers. James Nichols, senior pastor at First Baptist, said the Hopewell members are welcome to stay as long as they need a home.
Tennis legend Boris Becker, the coach of Novak Djokovic, has claimed that the absence of superstars Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal from the ATP circuit due to injuries was one of the reasons for the Serb's failure to maintain his number one ranking.
Djokovic, who was the world number one for the majority of the 2016 season, lost his crown to Great Britain's Andy Murray who beat him at the season ending ATP World Tour Finals to end the year as the best player in the world.
Murray, who clinched the Wimbledon Championship and Olympic Gold medal this year, has won 24 matches in succession to claim the number one ranking and has become the first Brit to hold the spot since computerized rankings were introduced in 1973. He is also the second oldest player to claim the number one spot since John Newcombe did it at the age of 30 in 1974.
"He didn't have any opponents anymore. His time was with Nadal, with Federer. Andy was always the fourth guy. So he lost a little bit of his opponents. Murray is showing something he hasn't shown before", said Becker as quoted by CNN.
The six-time Grand Slam winner who has been coach of the Serb since 2014, hailed the performance of his pupil calling him outstanding while also revealing that the Serb lost a bit of motivation post the French Open which made it difficult for the team management.
"The first six months were outstanding. His pinnacle was winning the French Open and winning four majors in a row. It hasn't been done since 1969 by a player called Rod Laver. Naturally, his motivation was a bit off afterwards. He really didn't know what the next big goal would be. Our hands were a little bit tied. He was focusing on off-court priorities, he wanted to spend more time with his family, he has other business interests", the German legend added.
The German believes that Djokovic will emerge from his poor form and bounce back next year. With both Federer and Nadal too set to return soon, 2017 is sure going to be a power-packed season.
I received product from Modarri to facilitate this review. All opinions are my own.
If I'm going to be completely honest, I never used to care much for buying our boys gifts. I found most of the stuff down the toy aisles to be pretty lame…… (Sorry!) So when our three boys were a little younger, I left their gift buying to my husband. While he would eventually find stuff that they liked well enough, it was a bit of a challenge for him as well. He was hoping to find some classic toys that he remembered and loved playing with but the shelves were mostly filled with poorly made options instead. But that all changed about two years ago. I ended up being acquainted with Modarri and my husband was thrilled. Because not only are Modarri Cars created for children, they are also perfect for teens and adults too! And even more than that, both boys and girls seem to love them!
A Closer Look At Modarri: The Ultimate Toy Car
Since everyone wants to know what makes Modarri different and better than any other car on the market, let's take a closer look at the features:
Mix & Match Building System: Modarri Cars are actually a mix and match building system as each car contains the same “basic” pieces, just in a variety of styles. So you can swap parts, mix and match, and create unique cars. The combinations are endless as each car features 11 interchangeable pieces.
Modarri Cars are actually a mix and match building system as each car contains the same “basic” pieces, just in a variety of styles. So you can swap parts, mix and match, and create unique cars. The combinations are endless as each car features 11 interchangeable pieces. Drive Them: Once you have your creation together, use your finger and you can actually drive your car around as they feature real steering and suspension mechanics!
Once you have your creation together, use your finger and you can actually drive your car around as they feature real steering and suspension mechanics! Quick Assembly: Honestly, nobody wants to take all day to assemble anything. Because the quicker you get something together, the sooner you get to enjoy it! Faster assembly means more play!
Honestly, nobody wants to take all day to assemble anything. Because the quicker you get something together, the sooner you get to enjoy it! Faster assembly means more play! Retained Screws: One of my first worries was the screws. I really didn't want to have to worry about losing pieces. So just one of the great parts of Modarri construction is that they have designed the screws to stay retained in the components.
One of my first worries was the screws. I really didn't want to have to worry about losing pieces. So just one of the great parts of Modarri construction is that they have designed the screws to stay retained in the components. Durable: Constructed with real metal frames, strong mechanical linkage, and heavy-duty plastic, these cars are going to bring years and even decades of enjoyment.
Constructed with real metal frames, strong mechanical linkage, and heavy-duty plastic, these cars are going to bring years and even decades of enjoyment. The Perfect Finish: To create the ultimate toy car, Modarri even has a real, 2-step automotive paint for a beautiful, dazzling finish.
How It Works:
Deluxe 3-Pack Set
Check out this awesome Deluxe 3-Pack Set to get a good base to starting your Modarri collection or the perfect set to add on.
Deluxe S2 Muscle Set
The Deluxe S2 Muscle Set features the ultra cool blue and green hues.
These cars are so much fun. Our family just can't get enough! They zip and zoom with ease, are easy to steer, and so much fun to mix, match, and switch up again and again.
So tell me, do you know someone who would love a Modarri Car this Christmas?
Learn more: Visit the Modarri website for even more details.
Buy It: Head over to Amazon to see for yourself the great selection of Modarri products available.
Connect: Don't forget to like Modarri on Facebook, follow them on Twitter and Instagram, and subscribe to their YouTube Channel for all the latest news and promotions.
Win It: Modarri is generously offering one of our lucky readers a Modarri Delux 3-pack! This giveaway is open to the US only and will end November 18th, 2017. For your chance to win, enter the Giveaway Tools below. Good luck!
Entry Form
I'm a city girl turned country by my awesome husband and we have three busy boys and two darling daughters. I love spending time with my family, reading Karen Kingsbury novels, and catching up with friends while our kiddos have play dates. I'm blessed beyond measure and can't wait to see what God has in store.
Follow Miranda on Pinterest | Twitter| Blog | Instagram http://www.emilyreviews.com/category/miranda
Related posts we've written:
Robert Spencer — the controversial author and founder of the blog Jihad Watch — spoke Tuesday at Stanford University at the invitation of the university's College Republicans. The event proceeded relatively peacefully, with minimal disruption.
But there were many who believed Stanford should never have allowed Spencer to speak in the first place, including a group of Stanford faculty and students who published an open letter urging the university to block Spencer's talk.
The argument of the letter's authors is that while they "fully support the principle of academic freedom that allows us to disagree about issues," Spencer's views on Islam are "not debatable" because they are "fundamentally dehumanizing."
Whenever the claim is made that an identity group is inherently less worthy of full personhood — whether that claim is made about people who are Muslim, Rohingya, Jewish, Black, trans or gender non-conforming, Bosnian, queer, immigrants, Mexican, etc. — it is always unacceptable.
This has quickly become one of the most common, insidious, and dangerously slippery-slope arguments against free speech on college campuses and beyond. Let's set aside for a moment that even most truly "dehumanizing" speech is protected by the First Amendment. (Although Stanford is not a public university, California's Leonard Law applies the protections of the First Amendment to non-sectarian private schools.) The reality on campus is that any debate over any controversial issue will, for proponents of this viewpoint, unjustly demean the value of someone's identity.
Consider students at the University of Florida who earlier this week vandalized promotional materials for an upcoming pro-life event on campus put on by the university's Young Americans for Freedom. In a Facebook message bragging about the vandalism, one student wrote: "just poured water on your lovely creations that are an insult to my entire major and life experiences!"
To others, an opposing view on immigration policy is an attack on the humanity of undocumented immigrants. As NYU professor and provost Ulrich Baer wrote last spring in The New York Times, "[s]ome topics, such as claims that some human beings are by definition inferior to others, or illegal or unworthy of legal standing, are not open to debate because such people cannot debate them on the same terms."
Meanwhile, after Laura Kipnis — the feminist Northwestern professor who was twice investigated by Northwestern for Title IX violations over her criticism of campus sexual politics — spoke at Wellesley College, the faculty on the school's Commission for Ethnicity, Race, and Equity issued a statement calling for changes to the outside speaker policy. Speakers like Kipnis, the statement said, require students to "invest time and energy in rebutting the speakers' arguments… in order to affirm their humanity."
When Heather Mac Donald, a vocal critic of the Black Lives Matter movement, spoke last spring at Claremont McKenna College, violent protesters attempted to shut down the event, forcing the Manhattan Institute fellow to give her talk via livestream. Three students from nearby Pomona College issued a statement saying "[t]he idea that the search for this truth involves entertaining Heather Mac Donald's hate speech is illogical. If engaged, Heather Mac Donald would not be debating on mere difference of opinion, but the right of Black people to exist."
And who can forget the reaction of Yale students to Erika Christakis's thoughtfully worded email, in October of 2015, questioning whether an institution of higher education should police the Halloween costumes of adult college students?
Students blasted Christakis and her husband, Nicholas, for failing to create a "safe space" for them, despite their reputations as nurturing residence mentors. In one article describing how her world was "shaken" by Christakis's "offensive" email, a Yale student wrote, "This kind of racism in disguise — where a false debate about 'free speech' is used to question people of color's humanity — needs to stop."
Two months after her email, Erika Christakis resigned from her teaching role at Yale, later explaining that she had "lost confidence" in her ability to teach in an environment where "full discussion of certain topics… has almost become taboo." In May 2016, both Nicholas and Erika announced that they resigned from their Silliman College duties to pursue academic work full time.
The "humanity denying" argument for censorship is not self-limiting, as these examples illustrate. If accepted, the argument can and will be used to shut down debate on a variety of issues profoundly important to us — including that "scholarly debate over affordable health care" the Stanford professors claim they would welcome.
Any serious health policy debate involves questions of priorities. And what might call humanity into question, if not a discussion of who is or isn't entitled to health care under some hypothetical new system? Disability activists, for example, were none too pleased with Princeton professor Peter Singer's discussion of disability in a New York Times article entitled "Why We Must Ration Health Care," accusing Singer (as they long have) of "promoting the devaluation of people with disabilities."
So the health care debate? It's probably off the table, too.
If Russia was indeed behind last week's leak of stolen data from the Democratic National Committee, we may be seeing one of the most sordid tools of its domestic politics deployed as a hostile weapon in foreign policy.
There is a Russian word for this practice: “kompromat.” A portmanteau of the Russian words for “compromising” and “material,” it refers to the timeworn tradition of obtaining information and using it to smear or influence public officials. Unscrupulous Russian politicians have been doing it for decades; there are kompromat websites (which, unsurprisingly, are often blocked or harassed).
The way it works is simple. First, Kremlin insiders or other powerful individuals buy, steal or manufacture incriminating information about an opponent, an enemy, or any other person who poses a threat to powerful interests. Then, they publish it, destroying the target's reputation in order to settle public scores or manipulate public events.
If American officials and analysts are correct in their assessment that Russia was behind this spring's hack of the Democratic National Committee's computer servers, it seems that kompromat is being translated to the international stage.
Overview
The Mammut Seon Cargo 35 may just be the perfect all-in-one backpack. This thing will seamlessly get you through your commute, extracurriculars, and a weekend trip in style. The Cargo has been meticulously designed by Mammut for efficiency, comfort, and style—and it shows.
The first thing you will probably notice—there are no visible access points while you're wearing the bag. Access to the main compartments is only available through the backside of the bag—the portion that is in contact with your back. Not only is this a fantastic security feature, but it makes for a great “on location” bag. Have you ever thrown your bag into a car seat, only to have to wrestle with it to find a zipper when you need to open it? This bag can constantly be “face-down,” whether at the crag, under your desk, or on the plane; it never has to be turned over or rotated to access a zipper.
The bag is made of 600D polyester waterproof fabric. We quickly found that, in addition to being waterproof, this fabric seems to be immune to the normal scrapes and abrasions that would degrade any other average bag. You won't have to worry about throwing it on some rocks as you suit up for a belay, for example. The portion that is in contact with your back is a slightly different fabric, something called 840D Nylon JR Ballistic — it is very comfortable & nearly indestructible.
Mammut claims that this bag is ideal for gym climbing, which it is. But it is also one of the best and most versatile work and/or play bags we've found to date. There is a ton of storage, and Mammut has done a great job organizing the various areas so that they can most efficiently hold your items.
The top of the bag contains a small accessory pocket, with a taped zipper seam. This means that in addition to being incognito, it is waterproof—perfect for your phone and any other electronics you want to keep dry and accessible.
Moving to the backside of the bag… There is a top “camera block” area. This pocket is big enough to hold a DSLR with a medium size lens attached, and still have some room to spare. The entire area is padded and comes with padded dividers to separate whatever gear you want to put in here. Plus there is a small mesh accessory area for cords or battery packs. If you are a photographer—this will be your favorite part of the bag.
Underneath the camera block is the back-flap, which gives access to the main storage area. The back-flap itself is basically a large padded laptop compartment, with a smaller Velcro compartment for an iPad or smaller laptop. You could also put in a few magazines or books here.
The main storage area is pretty straightforward. It is deep enough for a few small stacks of clothes—good for a weekend trip, longer might be pushing it. It's pretty much your catch-all “stuff” area. The beauty of it is that it barely changes the overall shape of the bag, so you can toss whatever you want in there without too much thought.
Along the right side are two long skinny zipper areas for holding stuff like keys, passport, wallet, boarding passes, etc. The bottom area also has a keyholder cord. This little area is perfect for stuff that you need quick access to while traveling—we think you could fit about eight Pop-Tarts in here, so it can pretty much cover all of your needs. It is super easy to access while wearing the bag, or from almost any angle that your backpack may be at.
The bottom area is definitely one of our favorite parts of this bag. Although Mammut says this is an area for storing climbing shoes—which it is certainly good for—it is also great to use as a general “wet bag” area. Gross, dirty boots? Throw em in. Wet towel and boardshorts after a swim? Yep. Dirty clothes from a long weekend of travel? Perfect. Wet surf fins?! It'll fit. Seriously, this pocket is a game changer. The only caveat—depending on how much you store in this area, it will intrude on the overall storage in the main compartment.
Fantasy Points Above Expectation (FPAE) is a metric we created to better capture how much fantasy production each team is giving up. FPAE measures how many fantasy points a team gives up to a certain position, relative to what they were expected to give up. For example, Miami's FPAE against QBs is 5.1, meaning that they gave up an average of 5.1 points more than expected to QBs. In this context, “expected” is referring to their opponents' average fantasy points. We give a full explanation of FPAE here. FPAE values against each position group for Week 1 of 2017 are shown below. These values were calculated using each team's last 7 games (PPR scoring).
The tables below are intended to help identify good matchups for Week 1 – look for green ranks in the right-most columns.
ranks in the right-most columns. The “SD” columns represent standard deviations, or the variation in weekly points given up. Target teams with low standard deviations and high FPAE, which are colored green. For example, Tennessee vs. WRs has the 2nd highest FPAE and 8th lowest FPAE SD (i.e., give me all the Amari Cooper, who plays Tennessee this week)
“FPA” columns represent raw Fantasy Points Allowed, without adjustment
Since we are only in Week 1, keep in mind that some teams have seen major defensive changes since their last 7 games were played
Quarterbacks
Running Backs
Wide Receivers
Tight Ends
Team Defenses
Divya alleges that she's facing threats because of her video on the Dean of Anna University who is harassing sanitary workers.
From the time, Divya Bharathi released Kakkoos, her documentary on manual scavengers on February 26, she has been facing problems.
But after she put out a video about the alleged harassment of sanitary workers by Chitra Selvi, the Dean of Anna University in Dindigul, all hell broke loose. Since the day, Divya says she has been getting repeated threat calls from more than a thousand numbers.
However, the activist, who has been part of the CPI(ML) since school days, is unfazed. At her home in Madurai, she says, "It is a well-organised political attack and they know that they are threatening a woman, so they attack more.”
Her phone keeps ringing and unknown people ask her why she has made a documentary degrading the Pallar community.
Kakkoos, Divya's documentary, features people from different communities, including the Pallars who are from a Scheduled Caste. Chitra Selvi also happens to be from the same caste group.
“Most of the people who call have not even watched the documentary, they get my number on WhatsApp and they call me. Every half an hour, I get about eight calls,” says Divya.
Divya Bharathi was also arrested by the Tamil Nadu police on July 25 for a 2009 FIR filed against her in Madurai. She was produced in court and later released on the condition that she signs at the police station for a week.
The Anna University video
On July 21, Divya Bharathi had uploaded a video in which two sanitary workers make serious allegations against the Dean of Anna University, Chitra Selvi.
In the video, they allege that they were harassed by the dean to practise manual scavenging without protective gear. They also allege that Chitra Selvi had forced them to do her household chores and to put up with sexual harassment from her husband.
Divya says that from the time the video went online, she has faced death threats, abusive calls and sexual harassment over the phone.
“I posted the video on July 21. After this, a poster which had Puthiya Tamilagam Krishnasamy's quote saying that my Kakkoos film showed the Pallar community in bad light went viral. The threat calls started from then on. They say that they have been given money to kill me, sexually abuse me, and make these abusive calls,” says Divya.
Also read: 'Kakkoos' director Divya arrest: Revenge for video showing exploitation of workers at Anna Uni?
However, despite the continuous abuse, Divya has not switched off her phone.
“I will keep attending these calls. I will not switch off this phone. If I do that, they will think that I'm scared,” says Divya Bharathi, when her partner tells her not to take the calls.
There is a pattern to these calls. The caller first asks if it is Divya Bharathi on the line. After that, they ask her why she made the documentary.
An irritated Divya shoots back, “Have you watched the documentary?”
Most of them say no and she asks them to watch the film first and then make accusations about her.
According to Divya, political parties with a Pallar representation and vote base are behind the threats.
“I did not know that the dean was from the Pallar community and that other Pallar parties would start threatening me for my first documentary. Even the Hindutva groups are supporting them in this. Many of the calls I get, Truecaller shows the name as BJP Saravanan or BJP Muralidharan,” claims Divya.
She believes that right wing groups are supporting Puthiya Tamilagam due to her upcoming documentary on beef politics and her repeated criticism of the BJP.
“In Kakkoos, I have criticised the central government for Swachh Bharat. I have also criticised them for their policies on manual scavenging. I had also announced that my next documentary would be on beef politics,” says Divya.
Accusations by the couple
It has been about 11 days since the couple who appeared in Divya's video returned home.
The 36-year-old man asks, "I will do any work...from plumbing and construction labour to sanitary work, but how can I let my wife be sexually harassed?"
His wife, who is sitting next to him, is in tears.
“He did not know about all the issues till that video was shot by Divya. We continued to work there, thinking about our children and the loans that we have,” she says.
The couple had been working for Anna University for the last five years.
“All the problems started after this new dean, Chitra Selvi, took over two years ago. She would make us go to her house and work by turn. At times, we were also asked to go and work in her mother's house in Karur. In the last one year, her husband started harassing me sexually. When there was no one else in the house, he'd ask me to go and get his underwear and towel while he was taking a bath,” alleges the woman.
Unable to withstand the harassment, she stopped going to the house to work for a week.
“She (the dean) then called me and abused me. She said that if you cannot work in my house, you need not work at the college also,” she says.
After that, 15 sanitation workers who were employed at Anna University gave a petition against the dean to the Collector.
“When we came back to the college to work, the dean did not allow us inside and later threatened 10 of the sanitation workers. They signed an apology letter, so they were taken back. After the video came out, they took back three more people. So everyone, except my husband and I, has gone back,” says the woman.
Divya had embarked on the project after someone called her to do a video about the dean's alleged atrocities. However, after the video came out, the person was allegedly threatened by the Puthiya Tamilagam party and he has since gone absconding.
“A complaint was also filed against them at Reddiarchatram police and a summons was pasted on the door of the house where the couple lives,” says Divya.
The couple claims that the police is further adding to their troubles.
"The police keep coming to our house and ask our relatives about us. If we do not go and meet the inspector, they will soon take our family members into custody,” says the man.
"We have been living there for the last 15 years. But now, the other sanitary workers who are still working in the university have been asked to fight against us. This is so we can be falsely charged in a case," says the woman.
Kakkoos documentary
Divya's film Kakkoos, which has become a tool in the hands of those targeting her, is a searing documentary on the condition of manual scavengers in different parts of Tamil Nadu.
“We have named about seven castes from the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes who are working as manual scavengers. Why do these people have a problem with the documentary after five months of its release? We have named other castes also in the film, why is it that only their caste has a problem?” asks Divya.
Also read: Stape your eyes if you must, but watch 'Kakkoos', Divya's haunting film on manual scavenging
After the documentary was released on February 26, many of the screenings were cancelled in Tamil Nadu by the police.
“The first screening of the movie on March 4 was cancelled in Nagercoil. It was alleged that I'm an anti-social element and part of a Naxal group. On March 8, it was cancelled in Coimbatore, on grounds that it would become a law and order issue. Five screenings of the movie were cancelled in Madurai. But I was shocked to know that one of the screenings was cancelled in Kerala House in Delhi by the Kerala government...this, when the Kerala State Film Awards went to Manhole for Best Film," she says.
Manhole is once again a film which takes up the issue of manual scavenging as its subject.
No help from authorities
Divya claims that so far, there has been no help from the police.
“We have met the Deputy Commissioner of Dindigul five times but no action has been taken. The Collector says that they cannot take action because there are more than a thousand phone numbers. The complaint was forwarded to Cyber Crime. They called on Monday just before the press conference and said that they will try to take action,” says Divya.
Meanwhile, a police complaint has been given against Divya Bharathi by two Puthiya Tamilagam members in Dindigul.
“Both the complaints state that the documentary shows the Pallar community in bad light. According to them, their caste people are primarily farmers. They also state that documentary filmmaker Divya Bharathi is anti-national and that she has been part of Naxal groups. This definitely sounds like the BJP's language,” Divya alleges.
Despite the threat calls, Divya seems undeterred by the latest controversy.
“I will definitely make the next documentary on beef politics. I become a little scared when people follow me in public places but I make sure that I continue to pick up the calls because I don't want them to think that I'm afraid and have switched off the phone,” asserts Divya.
Asked about the arrests of activists under the Goondas Act, Divya says, “The state government wants to keep the activists away for two or three months so that the protests die. They are helping the central government. If there are two or three more cases on me, they can charge me also with the Goondas Act."
Divya is in a hurry to finish the interview as she's preparing to go for the next protest - in support of Valarmathi, an activist who has been arrested in Salem under the Goondas Act.
The News Minute contacted the dean, Chitra Selvi but she refused to comment on the allegations against her.
CO2, is there anything it can't do? Add it to the list.
Over at WaPo, they call them “supersized”. From Counsel and Heal News (h/t to Gene Doebley):
Carbon To Blame for Oversized Blue Crabs
The use of genetic engineering or steroid enhancements to enlarge certain food products has been popular but highly controversial in the history of the food industry. Based on new research, it seems like certain animals, such as the blue crabs, have found another way of growing that does not require a lab setting. According to research, the side effects of pollution, particularly the emission of carbon dioxide, can lead to oversized blue crabs. Researchers found a link between the growing size of these crustaceans and the growing rate of carbon found in the waters. Although these crabs are growing bigger and faster without the help of scientists, this trend might not be safe for the marine environment.
Hmmm. They seem a little unclear on the giant crab mechanism:
Although carbon dioxide is emitted into the air, it dissolves into the water and saturates the oceans with carbon, which can change how these marine ecosystems work. Saturated waters become acidic, which is detrimental for certain marine animals, such as oysters and corals. These living creatures have calcium carbonate shells, which forms at a much slower rate when the waters become acidic, even if it is only by a small amount. Meanwhile, other creatures, particularly the blue crabs, thrive on the carbon in the water. … “Higher levels of carbon in the ocean are causing oysters to grow slower, and their predators – such as blue crabs – to grow faster,” said marine geologist, Justin Baker Ries from the University of North Carolina.
Full story here
Lessee, oysters grow slower, so they won't reach breeding maturity and replace themselves as fast, and somehow this makes the crabs grow faster?
Maybe this is why it doesn't make sense, from WaPo, it is recycled news:
The research showing the effects of carbon on marine organisms was published in the journal Geology in 2009. The study, led by Ries and co-authored with Anne L. Cohen and Daniel C. McCorkle, and found that crabs, lobsters and shrimp grew bigger more rapidly as carbon pollution increased. Chesapeake blue crabs grew nearly four times faster in high-carbon tanks than in low-carbon tanks.
Seafood lovers rejoice!
But, ah, another “not in the real world, aka ocean” experiment conducted in tanks. No mention of “giant, oversized, or supersized crabs” in the paper it seems. We've been down this road before with “tanked” experiments where they try to extrapolate captive life experiments to the real ocean.
Marine calcifiers exhibit mixed responses to CO 2 -induced ocean acidification
Abstract Anthropogenic elevation of atmospheric carbon dioxide (pCO 2 ) is making the oceans more acidic, thereby reducing their degree of saturation with respect to calcium carbonate (CaCO 3 ). There is mounting concern over the impact that future CO 2 -induced reductions in the CaCO 3 saturation state of seawater will have on marine organisms that construct their shells and skeletons from this mineral. Here, we present the results of 60 d laboratory experiments in which we investigated the effects of CO 2 -induced ocean acidification on calcification in 18 benthic marine organisms. Species were selected to span a broad taxonomic range (crustacea, cnidaria, echinoidea, rhodophyta, chlorophyta, gastropoda, bivalvia, annelida) and included organisms producing aragonite, low-Mg calcite, and high-Mg calcite forms of CaCO 3 . We show that 10 of the 18 species studied exhibited reduced rates of net calcification and, in some cases, net dissolution under elevated pCO 2 . However, in seven species, net calcification increased under the intermediate and/or highest levels of pCO 2 , and one species showed no response at all. These varied responses may reflect differences amongst organisms in their ability to regulate pH at the site of calcification, in the extent to which their outer shell layer is protected by an organic covering, in the solubility of their shell or skeletal mineral, and in the extent to which they utilize photosynthesis. Whatever the specific mechanism(s) involved, our results suggest that the impact of elevated atmospheric pCO 2 on marine calcification is more varied than previously thought.
Received 7 March 2009.
Revision received 16 July 2009.
Accepted 21 July 2009. PDF here: http://www.unc.edu/~jries/Ries_et_al_09_Geology_Mixed_Responses_to_Ocean_Acidification_full.pdf
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Multi-platinum-selling singer says he is ‘trying to work out why people dislike me so much' after stream of abusive comments
Ed Sheeran has quit Twitter, citing overwhelming abuse from trolls.
The singer, whose album ÷ is the year's biggest seller worldwide with 8m copies sold in three months, told the Sun: “I've actually come off Twitter completely. I can't read it. I go on it and there's nothing but people saying mean things.”
He added: “One comment ruins your day. The headfuck for me has been trying to work out why people dislike me so much.”
He said that Lady Gaga fans were some of those responsible for the abuse. “[They] read an interview in which they assumed I was talking about her and they all fucking hate. And it wasn't anything to do with that at all.”
Ed Sheeran at Glastonbury 2017 review – thrillingly raw and defiantly alone Read more
He's the latest celebrity to leave the social media platform thanks to abuse. Normani Kordei of US girl group Fifth Harmony announced in 2016: “I've been racially cyberbullied with tweets and pictures so horrific and racially charged that I can't subject myself any longer to the hate.” However, she has since returned to the service.
Actor Leslie Jones was also racially abused, after the release of the all-female Ghostbusters movie, while Lily Allen took a break from Twitter earlier this year, saying: “My timeline is full of the most disgusting, sexist, misogynistic, racist shit.”
Lena Dunham said Twitter “wasn't a safe space for me”, while comedian John Bishop wrote: “I can take anything but when scumbags have a forum to abuse people I love I think it's time to move away.” TV presenter Rylan Clark-Neal, meanwhile, said that homophobic abuse against him on Twitter was “ridiculous” and “getting out of control”.
The social media platform has been introducing measures to try to prevent abuse, including a “safe search” function that keeps abusive tweets out of search results.
An Indian Muslim girl was bound, gagged raped and murdered in the UK in an apparent case of honour killing, a court in the country heard on Tuesday, July 25.
The prosecutor in the case claimed 19-year-old Celine Dookhran had been killed by two people because she had dated an Arab Muslim.
Her body had been found stuffed in a fridge, with her limbs bound and her throat slit, in a residential building in South West London on July 19.
Two people arrested
The two accused in the case have been identified as 33-year-old Mujahid Arshid and 28-year-old Vincent Tappu.
They are accused of taking Dookhran and one other woman to a £1.5-million home in South West London and restraining them there.
While Dookhran was killed, the other woman was raped and assaulted, but managed to escape.
The 21-year-old was admitted to hospital with stab wounds and gashes on the evening on July 19, where she alerted the police about Dookhran.
The police then retrieved the body of Dookhran that was stuffed in a fridge at the house whose location was given by the older girl.
Sordid details
Police investigation into the case has unearthed chilling details of the incident. The court heard on Tuesday that Dookhran and the other girl were kidnapped, bound and gagged.
They were then taken to the house where Dookhran's body was later found. The two men then raped both women.
Binita Roscoe, who is prosecuting the case, told the court about the second woman: "Her face and mouth were covered in duct tape. Her hands were tied with cable tie."
She added: "She believes a sock was placed in her mouth. She had heard the deceased who was in the shower screaming. The deceased was brought down tied up. They were bound in dust sheets and placed in a vehicle."
Roscoe also explained the motive behind the crime: "The deceased was involved in a relationship with an Arab Muslim and the family members didn't approve of this relationship because they are Indian Muslims."
More than 14,000 people have signed a petition that asks the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to revoke the license for glyphosate — the active ingredient in Monsanto's herbicide Roundup.
“Recent tests have found glyphosate/Roundup in our water, urine, breast milk, food, beer and now, wine — even organic wine from vineyards which do not use Roundup,” Moms Across America wrote in the Care2 petition.
ADVERTISEMENT
Last April, the United Nations World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) released a scientific assessment that found glyphosate is “probably carcinogenic to humans.”
Moms Across America said the Netherlands, France and Brazil have banned it altogether and the European Parliament has recommended the license for glyphosate not be renewed.
“Glyphosate should not be in our consumer products in any amount," the national coalition of environmentally friendly moms said. "It is not safe as previously claimed."
Last year, Democrats asked the EPA to evaluate the herbicide amidst growing concerns that the chemical in the world's most widely used weed killer “probably” causes cancer.
In an email Tuesday, an EPA spokesperson told The Hill the agency is "working through some important science issues," by doing an in-depth human incident and epidemiology evaluation of glyphosate residue in human breast milk and doing a preliminary analysis of glyphosate's toxicity to milkweed, which is a critical resource for the monarch butterfly.
“We hope to issue the draft risk assessment for public comment by the end of 2016,” the spokesperson said.
In a statement to The Hill, Monsanto said the information from Moms Across America “is intended to incite unwarranted confusion and concern.”
“The data released by the Moms Across America are not based on a valid analytical method,” the company said. “These claims have been repudiated by regulatory authorities such as the U.S. EPA. Recent validated studies by the German Federal Institute for Risk Assessment and academic researchers have found no residues of glyphosate in milk using validated analytical methods.”
Monsanto argues that glyphosate is one of the most extensively studied agricultural products on the market.
“Glyphosate-based herbicides have a 40-year history of safe use,” the company said. “No regulatory agency in the world considers glyphosate a carcinogen. IARC is not a regulator.”
This story was updated to include Monsanto's statements.
Jozy Altidore will not be able to play in the United States' next friendly as he serves a one-match suspension for his red card against Switzerland. According to FIFA rules, if a player is red carded in a friendly, he is suspended for the following friendly.
Most likely, Altidore will miss the Americans' April 15 friendly against Mexico in San Antonio. It is a match he would otherwise be eligible for and Toronto FC would release him for so logically, it would count as a fair match for him to sit out even if it doesn't fall on a FIFA date.
Altidore's red card was the result of two yellow cards in the contest, both coming seconds apart. First, Altidore pulled down a Swiss player from behind, earning him the first caution. Then, he cussed at the referee, which was enough for the second caution and the sending off.
After the match, Altidore apologized in a statement through U.S. Soccer.
"I want to apologize to our fans and my teammates. Emotion got the best of me and I put our team in a tough position. That's not the type of role model I want to be. All credit to the boys for grinding it out and earning a positive result."
Rangers manager Walter Smith and assistants Kenny McDowall and Ally McCoist celebrate winning the Scottish Premier League title in May 2009
A former Scottish Premier League chief executive has described the fallout from last week's court ruling on oldco Rangers' tax affairs as nothing more than "fans' bragging rights".
The Court of Session decision that the company running Rangers from 2001-10 had broken tax rules has ignited debate about stripping Rangers of five titles.
"I'm a Celtic guy. I don't care whether they strip them from Rangers or not," Roger Mitchell told BBC Radio Scotland.
"It is much ado about nothing."
Mitchell left the SPL in 2002, four years after helping to launch the organisation, when Celtic and Rangers blocked his plans for a subscription-based SPL TV channel.
Rangers have dismissed the notion that the Scottish Professional Football League, which was formed in June 2013 from the SPL and the Scottish Football League, should revisit the subject of the club's title wins in light of the Edinburgh court ruling.
Roger Mitchell leaves a press conference at Hampden after announcing his resignation as SPL chief executive
The liquidators of oldco Rangers, BDO, have until 2 December to initiate proceedings in the Supreme Court to challenge the Court of Session's decision in favour of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs over the club's use of Employee Benefit Trusts.
HMRC's victory followed oldco Rangers winning a First Tier Tax Tribunal in 2012 and a subsequent unsuccessful appeal by the tax man last year.
Former Celtic defender Darren O'Dea believes that, if Rangers are finally found guilty of breaking tax rules, they should be stripped of the titles won while they operated EBTs, but former Celtic captain Paul Lambert is of the opposite view.
Mitchell, speaking on Sportsound on Tuesday, called EBTs a "mechanism of financial doping" but added: "What we're talking about here is fans' bragging rights.
"Scottish football should draw a line under this. We have had three times to go for this EBT. If I were in Rangers' corner I'd say 'it's 2-1 for me' and the fourth one, I don't know which way it's going to go.
"Many clubs over the years have spent more than they should have to win success - Rangers, Hearts, John Boyle's Motherwell.
"So where do you draw the line where somebody is using financial doping to get titles and under what circumstances should you remove them?
"If they go into administration should you remove the previous five years? Maybe. Uefa has brought in Financial Fair Play to try to deal with that.
"It is much ado about nothing. That is my opinion on this sad saga."
'A 120-year battle'
Mitchell said his preference was to see effort being spent instead on improving the state of the game in Scotland and offered a colourful analogy for what had occurred at the Ibrox club in relation to its rivalry with Celtic.
"My view of what happened is it was a 120-year battle between two titans and in 2010 one was on the battlefield dead," he told listeners.
"I believe they're the same club. I'm not into this newco/oldco stuff.
"They were dead but they came back. It's like France and Germany have had wars over a thousand years - they come back. It doesn't mean that they are not the same army or the same nation.
"Rangers is the same soul as it was before, the fans are the same soul. As a Celtic fan, I take my bragging rights from the fact that in 2010 they were dead, lying in the battlefield, but they are back.
"Next we'll start again and it will be just as interesting.
"If I was still there I'd say, 'It's ending now'. It's not moving on the game."
As a general rule, when NASA flies a scientific mission all the way to Mars, we expect that mission to last for a while. For instance, the Spirit and Opportunity rovers were slated to run for three months and are still operating 6 years later. But one NASA engineer wants to send a mission all the way to the Red Planet that would last just two hours once deployed: a rocket-powered, robotic airplane that screams over the Martian landscape at more than 450 miles per hour.
ARES (Aerial Regional-Scale Environmental Surveyor) has been on the back burner for a while now, and while it's not the first Mars plane dreamed up by NASA it is the first one that very well might see some flight time over the Martian frontier. Flying at about a mile above the surface, it would sample the environment over a large swath of area and collect measurements over rough, mountainous parts of the Martian landscape that are inaccessible by ground-based rovers and also hard to observe from orbiters.
The Mars plane would most likely make its flight over the southern hemisphere, where regions of high magnetism in the crust and mountainous terrain have presented scientists with a lot of mystery and not much data. Enveloped in an aeroshell similar to the ones that deployed the rovers, ARES would detach from a carrier craft about 12 hours from the Martian surface. At about 20 miles up, the aeroshell would open, ARES would extend its folded wings and tail, and the rockets would fire. It sounds somewhat complicated, but compared with actually landing package full of sensitive scientific instruments on the surface deploying ARES is relatively simple.
The flight would only last for two hours, but during that short time ARES would cover more than 932 miles of previously unexplored territory, taking atmospheric measurements, looking for signs of water, collecting chemical sensing data, and studying crustal magnetism. Understanding the magnetic field in this region will tell researchers whether the magnetic fields there might shield the region of high-energy solar winds, which in turn has huge implications for future manned missions there.
The NASA team already has a half-scale prototype of ARES that has successfully performed deployment drills and wind tunnel tests that prove it will fly through the Martian atmosphere. The team is now preparing the tech for the next NASA Mars mission solicitation and expects to see it tearing through Martian skies by the end of the decade.
SPACE
Tafere Tayachew owns one of the 530 available taxicab licenses in Columbus. As owner of the one-vehicle Sunshine Taxi, he has enjoyed most of his last 25 years driving and meeting new people, secure that the supply of cabs is limited by the number of licenses.
But as taxis compete with app-based ride-sharing services such as Uber and Lyft, Columbus officials are talking about changes to the cap on new taxi licenses. That leaves taxi drivers even more worried.
"With what we have already, we don't make enough," Tayachew said. "Now, the owner who has only one car, we're just barely surviving."
The topic is expected to be on the June 29 agenda of the city's Vehicle for Hire Board.
The city first capped licenses in 1989 and has allowed 500 licenses since 1997, with an additional 30 allowed for wheelchair-accessible vehicles.
The restriction was first put in place to give the city time to gauge supply and demand and as a safeguard against taxicabs overrunning the city, said Ramona Patts, chairwoman of the Vehicle for Hire Board.
Now, cab owners and city officials will have to weigh the transportation needs of a growing Columbus population with a bevy of transportation options already available.
“There are a lot of options for our community when it comes to being transported from point A to point B, whether it's taxicabs, transportation network companies, pedicabs or, now, we have the micro-transit vehicles (multi-seat, golf cart-type vehicles) that are running around Downtown," Patts said. "There's UberBlack, there's Lyft; there are a lot of choices.”
Demand for taxi licenses might be weakening.
Acme Contract Services, formerly Acme Taxi, sold off all 38 of its licenses between 2008 and last year because there wasn't enough business to support keeping them, president and CEO Michael Goldsbury said.
Of the city's 530 taxi licenses, 12 have yet to be redistributed. Among licensed taxis, seven vehicles have failed their annual vehicle inspection and another 125 had yet to show up for inspection by Thursday, less than one week before the May 31 deadline.
If the city removes the cap on taxi licenses, it would become more difficult for taxi drivers to support their families, said Yellow Cab of Columbus owner and CEO Morgan Kauffman.
"If we put out too many vehicles without optimizing the vehicles that are on the road right now, then the drivers can't make enough money to support themselves," he said. "And then that's the end of taxis in Columbus."
Services such as Uber and Lyft and their drivers are regulated by the state and are not required to obtain special licenses through the city. The number of Uber and Lyft drivers operating in the city is not limited.
With the influx of the ride-share company vehicles, Patts said, she doesn't think the city needs any more taxis on the streets.
Cassie D'Aula, a part-time Uber and Lyft driver who represents app-based transportation network companies on the city's Vehicle for Hire Board, said there is ample demand for both ride-share services and taxis in Columbus.
Kauffman said he doesn't think the city needs more licenses. Rather, he believes cabbies need to better use the existing ones. He suggested that taxi companies come together under a single dispatching service.
mhuson@dispatch.com
@Mike_Huson
File photo of Robert Vadra
As the Congress prepares for an onslaught by the opposition over a report that links party president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law to "sham deals" in Haryana, one of its own leaders has said that an inquiry into illicit land deals in the state must be conducted.Rao Inderjit Singh, a member of the Lok Sabha from Gurgaon, has said that a detailed inquiry must be conducted to "substantiate or refute" the charges against Mr Vadra, an entrepreneur whose business deals with real estate major DLF have been questioned by IAS officer Ashok Khemka. Mr Vadra has been married to Mrs Gandhi's daughter, Priyanka, since 1997.Mr Singh said that Mr Vadra's land dealing should be part of a larger investigation into alleged irregular practices in the government's appropriation and sale of nearly 1200 acres.In April, Mr Khemka was transferred from his post in Haryana amid his attempt to cancel a land deal involving Mr Vadra.He said that a 3.5-acre plot sold by Mr Vadra to DLF had been transacted in violation of all guidelines and that a license for the land to be used for a commercial project had been endowed to Mr Vadra to allow him windfall gains.In a report submitted to the government where he was asked to justify his conclusions, Mr Khemka has detailed why he believes the 58-crore sale was venal. The Haryana government has repeatedly said that Mr Vadra received no preferential treatment.
Image copyright Nana Kofi Acquah/IWMI Image caption Waste water is widely used in Ghana to irrigate farm land near big cities
The global use of untreated waste water from cities to irrigate crops is much more widespread than previously estimated, says a new report.
According to this updated assessment, nearly 30 million hectares are now using untreated water within 40km of an urban centre
Some 800 million people, including farmers, vendors and consumers are said to be exposed to serious health risks.
China, India, Pakistan, Mexico and Iran account for most of the treated land.
The huge populations in big cities across the developing world make very attractive markets for farmers.
The lack of refrigeration and transport means that crops need to be grown close to these consumers. Being close to cities also provides a key element for the crops - plentiful amounts of nutrient-rich waste water.
Image copyright NEIL PALMER/IWMI Image caption Waste water being pumped into channels for irrigation in India
"Some might call it sewage, but it's mostly domestic waste water, although it can contain industrial effluent," says study co-author Dr Pay Drechsel, from the International Water Management Institute (IWMI).
"But in our report we've not just looked at waste water, we've also looked at the waste water that enters the rivers and streams, where it gets diluted to some extent but it is still tremendously dangerous when it comes to farmers' fields."
According to the study, some 65% of all irrigated land areas are within 40km downstream of urban areas. A significant amount of that land is in countries with very limited waste water treatment, exposing 885 million urban consumers, farmers and food vendors to health risks, according to the authors.
"The area with untreated waste water is around 30 million hectares, a 50% increase on the previous estimate," said Dr Drechsel, who also leads the CGIAR Research Program on water, land and ecosystems.
"The previous figure was not based on science, so this new approach combines geographic information, and is the first scientific approach to get hold of the area that is irrigated with raw or diluted waste water."
The authors give the example of Ghana where across the five biggest cities, around 2,000 farmers work close to these urban centres, growing cash crops with waste water as every other water source is polluted.
The farmers often produce crops which are consumed as street food by around 800,000 people. These can contain "unbelievable amounts" of e-coli bacteria, say the authors.
Image copyright Neil Palmer/IWMI Image caption Pit latrine workers in Bangladesh collect and transport human waste to a site where it is processed into fertiliser
"The de-facto re-use of urban waste water is understandable, given the combination of increasing water pollution and declining fresh water availability, as seen in many developing countries," said Anne Thebo, from the University of California, Berkeley, in the US, and lead author of the study.
"As long as investment in waste water treatment lags far behind population growth, large numbers of consumers eating raw produce will face heightened threats to food safety."
One of the difficulties is that farmers often prefer the raw, untreated waste water as it usually has a higher concentration of nutrients than other water sources. In Pakistan, farmers say the treated waste water is safer but too saline for their crops.
"Even when it's diluted, although the nutrient content goes down the pathogen content stays high. This makes it very tricky," added Dr Drechsel.
The authors say that bringing more water treatment plants online would help but that it is a very slow process. It took Ghana several decades to be able to treat around 15% of its water. The researchers say that while resources are a challenge, the biggest issue remains risk awareness.
"You try at multiple critical control points to reduce the risk between the farm and fork," said Dr Drechsel.
"This can be through safer irrigation, or greater hygiene at markets and also people can effectively wash the vegetables so you can get rid of most of the pathogens - but in those countries where it is most needed, there is no risk awareness. People don't know about bacteria.
"So like the hand-wash campaigners we must try for something to effect behaviour change - and we are working on that.
"Waste water is one of the future opportunities if we can find ways of making the best use of it without risking food safety."
The research has been published in the journal Environmental Research Letters.
Follow Matt on Twitter and on Facebook
San Diego, CA –-(Ammoland.com)- Perception is reality. The media is the message. Gun control propagandists know this.
In the marketing of politics, messaging has always been important. It is more so every year. The National Voter Registration Act of 1993, also known as Motor Voter, brought to polling stations people previously so lacking in gumption that they did not register to vote. As a body, these individuals tend to be low-information voters, ones who do not research or think deeply on public policy. They are political sound bite consumers, easily swayed by empty rhetoric (ala “hope and change”) credible sounding memes, and electoral promises of government benefits.
This is at whom the new gun control propaganda strategy is aimed.
Preventing Gun Violence Through Effective Messaging was recently leaked all over the Internet. Coauthored by a left-of-center political research firm and a K Street communications consultancy, this in-the-beltway book is a guide for gun control activist, designed to change their position and reframe the gun control debate. In parts one and two of this series, I explored the strategy laid-out in Preventing Gun Violence Through Effective Messaging as well as the false and fragile “facts” the book feeds gun control advocates.
Now let's get to the more interesting aspect of the gun control lobby's new game plan – their messaging and how you can stop it.
The Book's Purpose
“This guide,” the new gun control playbook begins “is intended to help organizations and individuals choose effective arguments and language when communicating with the public on behalf of stronger public policies to prevent gun violence.” (emphasis mine unless otherwise noted) The book is a guide to shifting the framework of debates concerning gun control, and it begins be eliminating the very phrase. With “gun control” having proven itself as a failed concept in the 1970s and 1980s, the gun control movement is changing its very moniker in order to evade both its failed past and its manipulative future.
They have few choices. The 1990s and the early part of this century have seen greatly expanded freedom vis-à-vis private gun ownership along with a drop in violent crime, including gun crimes. It has also seen key victories where the Supreme Court has reaffirmed the right to own arms, incorporated that right against the states, and may soon institutionalize national concealed carry and universal reciprocity. The gun control movement has to change their strategy or face failure.
To do so they must reframe both the core of the debate and how it is communicated. Gone is the meme of “gun control”, now replaced with “gun violence prevention.” Gone too are substantive discussion involving crime statistics, which will be replaced with emotional bait-and-switch tactics. In short the gun control movement will use fear as an invasive emotional crowbar on low-information voters, then insert misleading or outright fraudulent “facts” to sway the undecided masses.
Strategy and Tactics
Their core strategy can be summed up as:
Scare people with stories and images
Avoid facts and statistics except as follow-through to fear
Keep it simple
Divide by changing the message for key audiences
The new gun control playbook is blunt about using fear and other emotions as tools to sway voters. “Alarming facts open the door to action. And powerful stories put feeling and emotional energy behind those facts.” (emphasis theirs) “Always focus on emotional and value-driven arguments about gun violence.” “Tell stories with images and feelings.” “Emphasize that extraordinarily dangerous, military-style weapons are now within easy reach across America.”
In politics, this is not new. A state of fear has long been a primary tool for motivating people past logic, reflection and perspective. The book's gun control propagandists are refreshingly transparent about their objectives. They are also clear in instructing followers to use a one-two punch; “start with the pain and anguish that gun violence brings into people's lives” then “use statistics to reinforce an emotional argument.”
The book's authors also advise…
Like what you have read so far? This is just part of several articels on the CalGunLaws Blog “Spinning Your Rights Away” a three part series that you can read here: http://www.calgunlaws.com/category/bloggers/legal-frontlines/
About:
CalGunLaws.com is an online research resource designed primarily for use by attorneys and interested firearm owners. CalGunLaws.com strives to provide easy access to and facilitate understanding of the multitude of complex federal, state, and local firearm laws and ordinances, administrative and executive regulations, case law, and past and current litigation that defines the California firearms regulatory scheme in theory and practice. CalGunLaws.com is designed and organized to make it easy to research the law and to locate source materials and related information. All of the articles are cross-referenced. Note the two sections on the right: Related Items and Related Law. Related Items will take you to any article related to the one you are currently viewing. Related law takes you to the related law and statutes for the item you are looking at.
UPDATE with video: John Oliver has offered Donald Trump his Emmy Award if the GOP Presidential nominee would accept the election results November 8.
The Last Week Tonight host made the offer in the form of a bet. First, Oliver noted the most revealing moment in last Wednesday's debate came when Hillary Clinton mentioned that time Trump, after failing to win an Emmy for his The Apprentice franchise three years running, started tweeting that the Emmy Awards were rigged – just like Trump now is saying about the presidential election. “I should have gotten it,” Trump muttered on the debate stage of his Emmy snub.
“Of course he wants an Emmy! It's a woman, it's gold, and its proportionate to his tiny hands,” Oliver snarked Sunday on his HBO show. “It's basically Trump's ideal mate.”
“Here's the problem. It increasingly seems like, if Donald Trump loses, we are not going to get the concession speech that the country badly needs, because he is medically incapable of accepting that he is a loser,” Oliver said, stating the obvious. “So we need to find a way for him to give a concession speech, while he's still able to claim that he won something.”
“And I think I might have the answer here. Because I have a proposition for Donald Trump,” Oliver continued.
“Let's bet on the outcome of this election. I will take the side that you win,” Oliver said, now addressing the GOP candidate in absentia. “I will take the side that you win. You will take the side that you lose. That way, if you lose, you still win and, as for the stakes in the bet, I have something that I know you want!”
Oliver grabbed the Emmy he won last month, when the TV Academy named his HBO late-night show the best variety talk series. “You don't even have to take her furniture shopping,” Oliver taunted, holding up the statuette for Trump to get a good look at. “Take the bet, Donald. Take the f*cking bet!”
Update! I've done a few exchanges so far and each one has had wonderful surprises and they all keep getting better and better. What an amazing Arbitrary Day this was! In addition to the awesome Kindle books I got, my SS had another great surprise that just arrived. I can't begin to describe how excellent, wonderful, and thoughtful everything has been. Seriously the best match and such awesome swag!
This amazing care package from North Carolina contained so many local goodies:
4 bags of loose leaf tea: Blood Orange Pear, Almond Coconut, Emperor's Treasures, and Southern Pecan (I wish I could describe how wonderful they all smell!)
North Carolina Wild Flower Honey
Cheddar Cheese Straws
Moonshine Crunch Mix
Thank you again so much, DrLov! I'll definitely be sipping some tasty tea and snacks while reading this summer.
Thank you to my amazing SS for a great start to Arbitrary Day! I received three really cool books for my Kindle: Hot Zone, In the Heart of the Sea, and Mayflower. I love history and I can't wait to start reading them!
Not only did I get these super awesome books, but they said more things will be coming too!
Thank you, DrLOV!
When two highly paid creative visionaries work together, things don't always go smoothly. Here are a few of the most memorable bust-ups between Hollywood directors and actors.
1. GEORGE CLOONEY AND DAVID O. RUSSELL
After reviewing the script for Three Kings, David O. Russell's Iraq War action-comedy, George Clooney—who was angling for film industry legitimacy at the time—desperately wanted in. But the feeling wasn't mutual. “Russell hated Clooney's style of acting, which he considered a lot of head-bobbing and mugging for the camera,” Sharon Waxman wrote in Rebels on the Backlot. After Nicolas Cage—Russell's first choice for the role of U.S. Army Special Forces Major Archie Gates—declined, and Warner Bros. nixed the director's other choices (including Dustin Hoffman), Russell awarded the part to Clooney.
The relationship, which wasn't great to begin with, deteriorated as the actor struggled with Russell's constant coaching and improvisational directing style. Things finally came to a head when Russell, whose behavior toward the crew Clooney severely disliked, threw an extra to the ground (Russell would claim he was demonstrating how he wanted the extra to treat Ice Cube in the scene they were filming). The details that followed differ from one account to the next, but what's certain is that the two ended up brawling and had to be dragged apart.
“It was truly without exception, the worst experience of my life,” Clooney would later say. Russell, for his part, said he would never again make a film with Clooney. In 2012, they reportedly buried the hatchet. In 2013, Russell told The New York Times that, "George and I had a friendly rapport last year. I don't know if we would be working together. I don't think we would rule it out. But the point is, much ado was made about things long passed.”
2. FAYE DUNAWAY AND ROMAN POLANSKI
Keystone/Getty Images
Faye Dunaway, who vaulted to A-list status through a string of memorable roles in the late ‘60s and early ‘70s—most notably as Bonnie Parker in Arthur Penn's Bonnie and Clyde—was used to having a collaborative relationship with directors. That wasn't the case with Roman Polanski, who directed her in 1974's Chinatown. In response to Dunaway's inquiries about her character Evelyn Mulwray's motivation, Polanski would bark, “Your salary is your motivation!”
If Polanski had a reputation for being a dictator on set, Dunaway was known for putting on airs. “She considered herself a ‘star,' and did not go out of her way to ingratiate herself with the director or the crew,” wrote Peter Biskind in Easy Riders, Raging Bulls. The relationship took a hit after Polanski snuck up behind Dunaway and plucked a stubborn hair that he claimed was ruining his shot. And it went off the rails after Dunaway threw what was reportedly a cup of urine in the director's face. The actress refuses to talk about the incident these days, while Polanski has called Dunaway “unhinged.”
3. MARLON BRANDO AND FRANK OZ
Even in his old age, the legendary Marlon Brando could deliver a great performance. But he'd put a director through hell to get it. Nobody knew this better than Frank Oz, who memorably clashed with Brando while filming the 2001 heist movie The Score. According to reports, Brando frequently tried to change the shooting schedule and stubbornly clung to his own interpretation of his character, an aging mobster named Max. The Godfather actor became so incensed with Oz, a Muppets veteran who was directing his first drama after several successful comedies, that he refused to take direction from him. He would also refer to Oz as “Miss Piggy,” in reference to the Muppets character Oz voiced.
Things would have deteriorated further if not for Robert De Niro, who took over in the director's chair when Brando refused to work with Oz, and who soothed the actor's ruffled feathers on numerous occasions.
4. SHELLEY DUVALL AND STANLEY KUBRICK
Shelley Duvall, who had scant formal training as an actress, spent her early career working with freewheeling directors like Robert Altman and Woody Allen. This did little to prepare her for collaborating with a perfectionist like Stanley Kubrick, who directed her in the 1980's The Shining. Duvall's role as Wendy Torrance, who tries desperately to protect her son as her husband slips into madness, was a demanding one. And Kubrick's antagonistic attitude toward her—captured in glimpses in the making-of documentary above, shot by the filmmaker's daughter, Vivian—didn't make things any easier.
“For a person who can be so likeable, he can do some pretty cruel things,” Duvall said in the documentary Stanley Kubrick: A Life in Pictures. Kubrick shot scenes again and again—as many as 127 times, according to reports. Many believe Kubrick was intentionally wearing down Duvall in a way that would heighten her character's desperation. But as Emilio D'Alessandro, Kubrick's longtime assistant, recently recalled in an essay for Esquire, Kubrick was also annoyed with Duvall's insecurities as an actress. “I wouldn't trade the experience for anything,” said Duvall. “But I wouldn't want to go through with it again.”
5. EDWARD NORTON AND TONY KAYE
Considering American History X was Tony Kaye's first film directing gig, you'd think he would avoid ruffling too many feathers. Well, think again. Apparently Kaye didn't want Edward Norton for the lead role—Joaquin Phoenix was his first choice—and only agreed to the actor because he didn't have time to cast someone else. The shoot, which lasted a quick 45 days, went off amicably enough. Afterwards, Kaye produced a rough cut of the film that pleased Norton and the studio, New Line. But then things went south.
Norton, along with New Line, gave pages of notes to Kaye on how to make his cut better, which the director did not take well. The two sides fought so bitterly that Kaye was banned from the editing room. New Line let him back in for a year, but then gave the reins over to Norton after Kaye said he wanted to completely rework the film. “I was so staggered by what [Norton] was doing to my film, and by the fact that New Line approved, that I punched the wall and broke my hand,” Kaye wrote in an essay for The Guardian.
What Kaye did next is the stuff of Hollywood legend: He took out ads in trade publications disparaging the project, scuttled the film's premiere at the Toronto Film Festival, and ultimately fought to remove his name from the picture altogether. Norton, for his part, was incensed. “Let's not make any mistake: Tony Kaye is a victim of nothing but his own professional and spiritual immaturity,” Norton told Entertainment Weekly. In the years since American History X came out, Kaye seems to have mellowed. In a 2007 interview with The Telegraph, he owned up to his bad behavior. “I did a lot of very insane things,” he said.
6. KLAUS KINSKI AND WERNER HERZOG
RALPH GATTI/AFP/GettyImages
There was likely no actor-director relationship more tempestuous than the one between Werner Herzog and Klaus Kinski. Herzog was—and still is—an uncompromising filmmaker who gravitates toward risky projects, while Kinski was unstable and given to prolonged fits of rage. Put together, the two fought relentlessly. While filming Fitzcarraldo in the jungles of Peru, Kinski threatened to leave the set, and Herzog replied that he would shoot him dead if he tried. Later, an extra who was fed up with Kinski's tyrannical behavior offered to kill the actor for Herzog. Their acrimony is the stuff of moviemaking legend, and yet both seemed to thrive off the energy it produced.
In an interview, Herzog said the actor's rages were often his way of getting into character. After Kinski died in 1991, Herzog frequently expressed admiration for his acting skill and devotion. “I think he needed me as much as I needed him,” Herzog said in My Best Fiend, a 1999 documentary the director made about their relationship.
7. WESLEY SNIPES AND DAVID GOYER
Despite the success of the first two Blade films, audiences just couldn't get behind the third installment in the series, Blade: Trinity. Many observers chalked up the movie's blandness to a troubled production, which included a bitter feud between star Wesley Snipes and writer/director David Goyer. Details were difficult to pin down during filming, but became clearer in a $5 million lawsuit filed by Snipes a year after the film released. In it, Snipes claimed that he never approved of the director or the script, which he claimed had a “juvenile level of humor,” and that this was a breach of his contract. Snipes also claimed racial discrimination during the casting process. So Snipes was not a happy camper before filming started, and according to costar Patton Oswalt, things really went downhill during filming.
In a memorable interview with The A.V. Club, Oswalt said that Snipes choked Goyer after they had a disagreement on set. Goyer, in response, enlisted a biker gang to act as his security detail, which unnerved Snipes to the point that he refused to interact with the director. According to Oswalt, Snipes would only communicate with Goyer by Post-It notes, which he would sign, “From Blade.”
8. BRIGITTE BARDOT AND HENRI-GEORGES CLOUZOT
ARCHIVE/AFP/Getty Images
Although not well known these days, Henri-Georges Clouzot was a highly regarded director in the ‘50s and ‘60s. His suspense movies were so well-crafted, Alfred Hitchcock reportedly worried that Clouzot would unseat him as the “Master of Suspense.” Clouzot's methods, however, were quite controversial. In one film, he made his lead actor undergo an actual blood transfusion. In another, he smacked an actress in order to get her angry for a scene.
In La Vérité (The Truth), Clouzot's film about the trial of a woman accused of killing her boyfriend, the director slipped sleeping pills to an unwitting Brigitte Bardot in order to make her appear exhausted. He overdid it, and Bardot's stomach had to be pumped. At another point, according to Jeffrey Robinson in his book Brigitte Bardot: Two Lives, Clouzot took the actress by the shoulders and shook her. “I don't need amateurs in my films,” he said. “I want an actress.” Bardot slapped him. “And I need a director, not a psychopath!” she replied.
In later years, Bardot would say that La Vérité was her finest performance. But she still hated Clouzot, describing him as a “negative being, forever at odds with himself and the world around him.”
26-year-old partner of gunman Amedy Coulibaly, who learned to use weapons with radicals in France, could now be in Syria
A slight, 26-year-old woman, skilled at shooting crossbows and probably armed with assault rifles, is the most hunted and feared person in France, but may now be beyond reach of its security forces.
Hayat Boumeddiene stares out sleepy-eyed from a police “wanted” poster that was issued before Amedy Coulibaly, her husband under Islamic law, launched a murderous rampage in a Jewish supermarket in Paris.
But officials now believe she was in Syria by the time that image was published, taking a flight to Istanbul last week and then crossing the border on foot, French media reported.
Police shot Coulibaly dead after a five-hour siege on Friday, and separately killed two brothers, Chérif and Saïd Kouachi, members of the same extremist cell.
The group had launched three days of terror by gunning down cartoonists, staff and policemen at the offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine on Wednesday and killing a policewoman on Thursday before Friday's bloody hostage standoffs with police.
Boumeddiene is now the only known survivor from the group of four who planned the crimes that killed 17 people. French security forces are desperately searching for Boumeddiene, who they fear could unleash more carnage on the shattered country.
Security forces recorded more than 500 calls last year between her and the wife of Chérif Kouachi. “We can call this complicity by furnishing of means. We must interrogate her so she explains exactly if she did this under influence, if she did it by ideology, if she did it to aid and abet,” Police Union spokesman Christophe Crepin told the Associated Press on Saturday.
“You must consider her as the companion of a dangerous terrorist who needs to be questioned. If she doesn't come [to us], she will be found.
One of seven children, Boumeddiene lost her mother as a young child. Her father, who worked as a delivery driver, struggled to cope with raising his large family alone, and she was taken into foster care when she was aged about eight or nine.
In 2009 she married Coulibaly in an Islamic ceremony. Her new husband was the only boy in a family of 10 and, in his mid-20s, was unemployed and already shadowed by a criminal record and ties to extremist groups.
As is common in conservative Islamic practice, she was not present in the room when the marriage certificate was signed by her father and new husband.
They did not hold a civil ceremony, so their union is not recognised by French law, but there seems no question they considered themselves a married couple, and they lived together in a flat in Bagneux, a Paris suburb.
Once married, Boumeddiene became one of the very few women in France to wear the niqab, a full-face veil that leaves only the eyes uncovered. The decision apparently cost her a job as a supermarket cashier, Le Parisien reported.
Personally close to Islamic radicals known to French internal security services, she joined her husband on a trip to meet Djamel Beghal, a radical preacher under house arrest in southern France. On that trip, they apparently practised shooting with crossbows; photos show her in a niqab, aiming at the camera and out of shot.
Boumeddiene was once interrogated by French officials about her reaction to terrorist acts committed by al-Qaida, French judicial records obtained by the Associated Press show. “I don't have any opinion,” she answered, but immediately added that innocent people were being killed by the Americans and needed to be defended, and that information provided by the media was suspect.
Still, she had doubts about her own husband's religious faith, according to a police interview obtained by Le Monde.
“Amedy isn't really very religious. He likes having fun,” she told police. Other pictures show her in a bikini, nestling up to him on a beach holiday.
She waited for Coulibaly during his four-year jail sentence for armed robbery, and he moved back in with her after he was released last year. He was probably already planning last week's attack with the Kouachi brothers, after meeting one of them in jail.
His own spree of violence began the day after the Charlie Hebdo attack, with the fatal shooting of a female police officer, Clarissa Jean-Philippe, in Montrouge. The next day, around lunchtime Coulibaly stormed into a Jewish supermarket in northern Paris, carrying two Kalashnikov assault rifles, killing four shoppers.
He then took at least 15 people hostage in an ordeal that dragged on until the early evening, when heavily armed elite forces stormed the building and shot him down. The full horror of the stand-off only began to emerge on Saturday.
One relatively fortunate group of six were hidden in a basement cold storage room by a Muslim shop attendant called Lassana Bathily, who risked his own life to save theirs.
“When they came running down I opened the door of the fridge. Several came in with me. I turned off the light and the fridge … I closed the door and I said “you stay quiet there, I'm going back out,” she told French station BFM TV.
Another group were less fortunate, trying to take shelter in a second cold room where the door did not lock, a survivor who identified himself as Mickael B said. The gunman ordered them back upstairs. “I am Amedy Coulibaly, Malian and Muslim. I belong to the Islamic State,” he told the group.
One of them was shot down soon after when he tried to grab one of Coulibaly's guns to turn it on the attacker, but found it jammed and was killed for his courage. “[Coulibaly] fired on the person who did it and he died instantly,” Mickael said.
Mobile phones proved key to the police's successful simultaneous raids on the supermarket and a printing company where the Kouachi brothers were holed up, as hidden hostages phoned in with tactical information.
Coulibaly also handed the police an intelligence advantage, when he called a journalist to broadcast a message, but forgot to hang up the phone after speaking, allowing police to listen in on his movements, the AFP agency reported. He said he targeted the shop “because it was Jewish”, and handed down a list of demands.
“They must stop attacking the Islamic State, stop unveiling our women, stop putting our brothers in prison for nothing at all. It is you who is financing [the government]. You pay taxes,” he said. When a hostage said that paying taxes was a legal obligation, Coulibaly responded. “You do not have to. I do not pay taxes.”
At the print works in Dammartin-en-Goele, the Kouachi brothers took the manager hostage but allowed him to leave after he patched up a neck wound on Saïd, the older of the two. Relief at his escape was overshadowed by worries about a young graphic designer who had managed to stay hidden “under a sink in the canteen”, feeding the police information, Paris prosecutor François Molins said.
Younger brother Chérif also called BFM TV during the siege. In a calm, assured voice, the gunman could be heard saying he had been sent by al-Qaida Yemen.
Kouachi was “really prepared”, journalist Igor Sahiri told the BBC. He said: “It was somebody very serene. He was very calm. It was just like a normal discussion, no rudeness. My feeling was that this kind of man is ready to die.”
Overnight, al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula's top sharia official, Harith al-Nadhari, threatened France with further attacks, the SITE monitoring group reported.
“It is better for you to stop your aggression against the Muslims, so perhaps you will live safely,” he said.
“If you refuse but to wage war, then wait for the glad tiding.”
The Internet can teach you how to build a
gun that launches ping-pong balls at a few hundred miles per hour. Big deal—where's the fun in shooting projectiles at subsonic speed? To kick it up a notch, a team of mechanical engineers at Purdue University has reconfigured the ping-pong-ball gun into a supersonic bazooka. Click here to watch as it turns four aluminum cans into shrapnel.
For years, Mark French has been using the regular subsonic version of the gun to teach kids about physics. "I've brought it to 4-H clubs and to schools. I've gotten ridiculous mileage out of this thing. With all that use, you can't help but wonder whether you can improve it."
The typical setup uses a PVC plastic tube, with a ping-pong ball inside, that's sealed on both ends with duct tape. A pump removes the air inside the tube, creating a vacuum. Then, when the seal at one end of the tube is broken, air rushes in, and because there's no aerodynamic drag on the ping-pong ball, it can fire out the other end at 400 mph. "The [main] limitation here is how fast you can get air to go down the tube, because the ball is only going to go as fast as the air," French says.
On a hunch, French and his students modified the gun with a convergent–divergent nozzle, the type used in rocket engines and supersonic wind tunnels to accelerate air flow. The revamped gun shoots pressurized air through the hourglass-shaped nozzle. As the air travels through the nozzle's choke point, compression accelerates the air. It blasts the ping-pong ball outward at 900 mph (the speed of sound is roughly 765 mph).
French explains how it's done in a video posted here. (At around 5:50 you can see the ball blast through a wooden ping-pong paddle.) You can also read more about the setup in the published paper. But, please, DO NOT try this at home. Even a flimsy ping-pong ball traveling at 900 mph has the same kinetic energy as a bullet.
Once the engineers got the bazooka up and running, they tested it on all sorts of materials, including VHS tapes, 3/4-inch plywood, stereo speakers, and even a sheet of steel. "The ball didn't go through the steel, but it put a whopper of a dent in it," French says. "Normally what happens is the ball comes out in pieces—it's shattered but not deformed. For this one, it melted and buckled. I didn't expect that."
With the lab's new supersonic bazooka, French is now finding it even easier to captivate audiences. "My students really want to know how this works," he says. "It's been a blast."
In an amazing story of redemption and hope, an Islamic State militant who sought to kill Christian missionaries providing aid to those displaced by the terrorist group ended up surrendering his life to Christ after hearing the Gospel and witnessing the love of the believers.
According to a report from Christian Aid Mission, a humanitarian group that assists indigenous Christian workers in their native countries, the jihadist fighter traveled to Amman, Jordan after learning that relatives there were receiving aid from Christians, who he viewed as unclean "pigs".
The Muslim, whose name is withheld for security reasons, went to a Christian meeting with the intention of killing the aid workers gathered there, the director of a ministry in the Middle East told the organization. However, something kept him from following through on his plan, and that night, Jesus revealed Himself in a dream.
"The next day he came back and said, 'I came to kill you, but last night I saw Jesus, and I want to know what are you teaching - who is this One who held me up from killing you?'" the director said. The missionaries were able to share the Gospel with the militant, and, after witnessing the love and compassion of the believers, the fighter surrendered his life to Christ.
"He received Christ with tears, and today he's actually helping in the church, helping out other people. We're praying for lots of such Sauls to change to Pauls," the ministry director recounted.
The eyes of the former jihadist were opened to how Islam brainwashed him about Christianity, and how it contrasted with the reality of what he saw in Christians: "We're talking about an area of Jordan that has three Salafist [a strict, fundamentalist branch of Sunni Islam] mosques. They raise up people to go and fight," the director said.
Because he was so excited about sharing his newfound faith, the man quickly put himself in danger.
"He even got threats from them, and that's when I began trying to calm him down, because otherwise they may kill him," the director said. "They may take him and create a big threat among the refugees. We need to work very quietly and slowly."
The fighter's dramatic conversion story is just one of many to emerge out of the Middle East, where ISIS has waged a brutal campaign seeking to establish a caliphate, or a Sunni-led Islamic government. In an attempt to rid the region of religions other than radical Islam, the jihadist group routinely targets Christians, Yazidis, and other minorities for persecution, killing them by stoning, beheading, hanging, and other violent means.
In June, one fighter, known for his brutal killing of Christians, converted to his victims' religion after dreaming of "a man in white", according to Gina Fadely, director of Youth With A Mission Frontier Missions, Inc. (YWAM).
"He told this YWAM leader that he had begun having dreams of this man in white who came to him and said, 'You are killing my people.' And he started to feel really sick and uneasy about what he was doing," Fadely said during an appearance on The Voice of the Martyrs Radio Network, Christian Post reported.
"The fighter said just before he killed one Christian, the man said, 'I know you will kill me, but I give to you my Bible.' The Christian was killed and this ISIS fighter actually took the Bible and began to read it. In another dream, Jesus asked him to follow him and he was now asking to become a follower of Christ and to be discipled."
Fadely noted that the militant's encounter with Jesus Christ brings to mind the story of the Apostle Paul, who was dedicated to the persecution of the early disciples of Jesus Christ. However, after experiencing a dramatic encounter with Jesus on the road to Damascus, Paul emerged as one of the greatest missionaries of all time, spreading the gospel throughout the Roman Empire.
"So who knows. Perhaps this man will be like Saul in the Bible that persecuted Christians and he turned from that persecution of the early church to become the Apostle Paul who led it," Fadely said. "God can turn it around."
Kevin Sutter, the other YWAM director who appeared with Fadley on the VOM Radio program, said that despite ongoing persecution, there is a "spiritual hunger" that is "unprecedented" among Muslims.
"Many people are now following Jesus but they keep it quiet. They haven't gone public about it. They even have church in their own home, they're watching, they'll serve communion to one another as they're watching TV," Sutter said.
An image made from a video released by the Islamic State in 2015 purportedly shows Hafiz Sayed Khan, center, head of the IS branch in Pakistan and Afghanistan, at an undisclosed location at Pak-Afghan border. (Photo11: EPA)
A U.S. airstrike last month killed Hafiz Sayed Khan, the head of the Islamic State's branch in Afghanistan, a Pentagon spokesman said Friday.
Khan was killed July 26 as U.S. and Afghan Special Forces conducted operations against the terror group in southern Nangarhar province, Deputy Press Secretary Gordon Trowbridge said in a statement.
His death comes as part of a major effort to crush the Islamic State, which became a growing threat in Afghanistan earlier this year.
Khan, a former Pakistani Taliban member, became head of the region's Islamic State branch, known as the Islamic State in the Khorasan Province, in 2015, pledging allegiance to the group's overall leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Trowbridge said Khan was known to directly participate in attacks against U.S. and coalition forces, and that his network terrorized Afghans, especially in Nangarhar, which borders Pakistan.
The Afghan branch uses the Nangarhar area to train, equip, disseminate and control fighter pipelines, providing Islamic State commanders throughout Afghanistan with a continuous supply of fighters, he said
“Nangarhar province has been a hotbed for (Islamic State) activity since the summer of 2015,” Trowbridge said. “Khan's death affects recruiting efforts and will disrupt (their) operations in Afghanistan and the region.”
Afghan Ambassador to Pakistan Omar Zakhilwal told Reuters that the strike also killed several senior Islamic State commanders and fighters.
It is the second time in two years that Khan was believed killed by a drone. A similar claim surfaced last year from Afghan intelligence agents, but the report was never confirmed.
It was also the second reported death of a high-profile extremist in the region in four months. In May, a U.S. drone killed Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the Afghan Taliban leader, according to U.S. officials.
In January, President Obama gave the U.S. military authority to strike the Islamic State in Afghanistan and operations, including airstrikes, against them began immediately. The number of Islamic State militants in Afghanistan was estimated to be about 3,000 at its peak in January, according to coalition statistics, far fewer than the 25,000 to 35,000 Taliban militants.
Many of the Islamic State militants were former Taliban who left the organization to join the Islamic State.
Army Gen. John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, said U.S. and Afghan attacks have reduced the size of the Islamic State, also called Daesh, in Afghanistan to between 1,000 and 1,500 as a result of airstrikes and ground fighting.
"We have killed many Daesh commanders and soldiers, destroyed key infrastructure capabilities, logistical nodes, and Daesh fighters are retreating south into the mountains of southern Nangahar," Nicholson told Pentagon reporters last month.
U.S. forces are directly attacking the militants under their counterterrorism mission and Special Forces advisers are helping Afghan forces in operations against the militants as part of the overall mission to assist the country's military. Afghanistan's military recently shifted its main effort to Nangarhar and is conducting large operations there against the extremists.
Contributing: Doug Stanglin
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bdeuaG
by Miguel de Icaza
Three years ago, in November of 2005 we started a project to upgrade Mono's code generation engine as the engine started to age and it became increasingly difficult to improve code generation and extend the JIT engine in meaningful ways.
The new code generation engine is based on a linear intermediate representation as opposed to the tree-based intermediate representation that we had used up to Mono 2.0.
Switching the code generation engine is a pretty significant effort and we did not want to switch it shortly before we had to ship Mono 2.0, so we decided to ship 2.0 with the engine that had been in wide use.
Shortly after we branched Mono's tree for the 2.0 release Zoltan merged his work from the linear branch into the main tree.
We have now shipped all of this as part of Mono 2.2, you can get it here.
Some Benchmarks
Mono's new engine generates much better code than the version found in Mono 2.0.
Speed: The engine will mostly benefit computationally intensive code, usually between 10% and 30% performance increase, with some cases going up as high as being 50% faster.
Code size: the new engine generates slimmer code, typically 12% to 20% smaller code generated.
Check out some of the benchmark results.
Debugging the Transition
Although we had our test suite, and we regularly tested the code against most apps, we were still afraid that something might go wrong. The new code could miss-compile something, and it would be hard in a large project to pin point exactly what went wrong.
For example, the problem might not appear while compiling a small test program like `hello world', but could appear when running a web site under heavy load or when running MonoDevelop.
Zoltan came up with a very interesting solution: for a period of time Mono had two JIT engines built into it, the new and the old one. Here is where the clever trick comes in: an environment variable contained the number of methods that should be compiled with the new JIT engine. After the Nth method had been compiled, the engine would switch code generators.
This was used to bisect regressions and failures.
A couple of months after we had done the switch and both our unit tests and our system tests passed the old JIT engine was eliminated from Mono.
SIMD
Using SIMD for accelerating certain floating point operations had been in the back of our minds for a while. We looked into implementing that in our old engine, but that turned out to be very difficult.
With the new engine, Rodrigo was able to put together a prototype in a weekend (the legend goes that Rodrigo's wife was busy that weekend).
This prototype was later turned into Mono.SIMD an API for accelerating vector operations.
Mono 2.2 is the first release to officially support and distribute it. To learn more about Mono.SIMD support, you can see this blog entry.
Full Generics Sharing
With this release, the generics code sharing engine has been completely debugged and is now enabled not only for code that lives in mscorlib, but for all generics code written by the user.
The Technical Details
We have provided A complete description of Mono's new engine design and the the various code generation stages.
Jack Eichel, the No. 2 overall pick at the 2015 NHL draft, has decided to turn pro, signing a three-year, entry-level contract with the Buffalo Sabres on Wednesday.
Photos and video taken by WKBW-TV showed Eichel arriving at Buffalo Niagara International Airport earlier Wednesday. He was greeted by team president Ted Black.
Eichel had refused to rule out a sophomore return until after the draft.
The 18-year-old center won the Hobey Baker award as a freshman at Boston University in 2014-15 after posting 26 goals and 45 assists in 40 games for the Terriers.
Eichel, of North Chelmsford, Massachusetts, has the game-changing ability to make an impact at the NHL level for the Sabres in his rookie season.
He should earn plenty of ice time in Buffalo under new coach Dan Bylsma, and should work on the Sabres' power play, too.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE is preparing to eliminate or downgrade special envoy positions at the State Department, CNN reported Monday.
The secretary, in a letter addressed to Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.) obtained by CNN, proposed shaking up as many as three-dozen posts, by either letting go or transferring the envoys.
"I believe that the Department will be able to better execute its mission by integrating certain envoys and special representative offices within the regional and functional bureaus," Tillerson wrote. He said he plans to eliminate "those that have accomplished or outlived their original purpose."
ADVERTISEMENT
Those changes, though, are likely to spark a fight. Among the envoys Tillerson is proposing removing are envoys dealing with Syria, the Sudan, the Arctic and climate issues.
According to the report, Tillerson's letter claimed that many of the nearly 70 State Department special envoys, who are appointed to address important diplomatic needs, continue to serve even though the underlying issues for their positions have been resolved.
He argued that pulling together overlapping missions of the envoys and other offices under one roof and cleaning house will help the department achieve its initiatives more efficiently.
It would "eliminate redundancies that dilute the ability of a bureau to deliver on its primary functions,” he said.
Some changes under consideration reportedly include moving the special envoy for North Korean human rights issues to the Office of the Under Secretary for Civilian Security, Democracy and Human Rights.
Another change would move the special envoy for climate change and the special representative for the Arctic region to work under the Bureau of Oceans and International and Scientific Affairs. Those positions would be eliminated and their responsibilities transferred.
Tillerson is also proposing eliminating special envoys on Syria, Sudan and South Sudan.
But he also plans to expand three offices on religious freedom, HIV/AIDS and Holocaust issues, CNN reported. This comes after Tillerson appointed a special representative, Kurt Volker, to handle Ukraine negotiations with Russia in July.
The special envoy for Israeli-Palestinian negotiations would also report directly to the office of the secretary.
During a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing last month, some Democrats, including the committee's ranking member, Sen. Ben Cardin Benjamin (Ben) Louis CardinThe Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump looks for boost from Korea summit The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Anticipation builds for Mueller report MORE (D-Md.), expressed concern about eliminating special envoy positions.
Tillerson has previously indicated plans to restructure the State Department including proposed budget cuts up to 30 percent, which the letter to Corker highlights.
Tillerson said plans for reorganization will advance the country's national security interests and help "counter the influence of U.S. adversaries and competitors."
Thanks for getting the message, motor racing.
A few too many years of uninspired choices by Formula 1, IMSA, IndyCar, and even the World Rally Championship have left many seasoned fans longing for the days when everything was seemingly faster, sexier, and more visceral. Finally, in some sort of cosmic realization, those four series accepted the truth we've known for quite some time: their back catalogs are more compelling than the new products being offered.
It's hardly a scientific form of measurement, but we don't really need one: A George W. Bush-era Indy car with 1000 hp exploded out of the Long Beach hairpin corner in ways that make today's 750 hp examples appear weak and muted. The chest-punching blast of a LMP1 prototype down Sebring's front straight in 2008 was pure sensory overload compared to the yawn-inducing flutter of IMSA's LMP2s in 2016. F1's turn from high-revving, rocket-fast missiles to fiddly, hushed science projects in 2014 was met with a global downturn in interest, and the WRC, once hailed for its irresponsibly quick rally creations, has been largely forgotten since the threats and thrills were replaced by mellow sedans.
I'm always careful to avoid the "back in my day" trap where age and nostalgia conspire to shit on whatever's new, but I can say that with the benefit of time and perspective over many decades, the sheer excitement generated by an overwhelming number of today's race cars is lower than what I've previously witnessed.
Fortunately, F1, IMSA, IndyCar and the WRC must have grown tired of their underwhelming products because all four have made changes for 2017—or set new plans in motion to arrive next year—that should dial up the vehicular excitement in ways that conjure memories of their collective pasts.
F1, with its unloved miniature rear wings and narrow tires, will enter the new season by reaching back to a time when meaty slicks gave its cars a wide and menacing appeal. Full-width rear wings remain on the wish list, but F1 rarely makes sweeping changes all at once. Ditching the silly "token" system, which limited the number of engines, transmissions, turbos and energy recovery systems could be used in a season is another smart move that should simplify the sport and accelerate powertrain development. The net result will come in the form of increased engine and ERS power, which F1 sorely needs.
Pirelli
It would be silly to expect F1 to make an instant return to its glory days in one season, but turning up the formula's intensity is a great first step in the rebuilding process.
IMSA is also digging out of a boring patch authored by its marquee cars. The multi-class WeatherTech SportsCar Championship has become the new standard for GT racing excellence, and that rise stems from the incredible racing made possible by big factory programs from BMW, Corvette, Ford, Porsche, and Ferrari to a lesser degree. The rise of IMSA's GT wars only became possible because its top product--the LMP2s and Daytona Prototypes--held limited appeal.
When the American Le Mans Series and Grand-Am merged heading into 2014, it chopped the brutally awesome (but expensive) LMP1 cars from the relaunched IMSA championship, and while it made great fiscal sense, it also left fans with second-tier (and notably slower) LMP2s and dreadfully unimaginative DPs as a watered-down solution.
Plans set in motion to park those cars for brand-new, faster and more powerful LMP2s came to fruition in late January at the Rolex 24 at Daytona, and while the new 2017 cars aren't a match for the fearsome Porsche or Toyota LMP1s, the improved pace, compelling looks and increased technology delivered by the new prototypes has given IMSA a much better shot at drawing more fans to its series.
IndyCar is in a slight holding pattern with its oft-maligned open-wheel package, but 2018 could be a game changer for the series. It will spend the year with its spec Dallara DW12s sporting the same overgrowth of wings created by engine suppliers Chevy and Honda, but its move to a retro-modern body and wing style after 2017 should appease a growing crowd that believes the current Indy cars lack visual and aesthetic appeal.
Verizon IndyCar Series
The upcoming shift towards low, streamline engine covers and a vast reduction in wings and topside protrusions (in favor of using new underwings that produce most of the downforce) should make passing less of a high-risk rarity. Improved top speeds are also an expected result of the switch to cars with cleaner aerodynamics.
While there are no immediate plans to increase power, IndyCar fans—especially those who've lost interest since the current formula appeared in 2012—will have something fresh to follow when the Champ Car-style bodywork arrives.
And finally, the WRC is winding the clock back to a time when its cars triggered fight-or-flight responses from drivers and fans alike. Stock-ish looking cars will now sport more aggressive fenders, splitters and wings, engines will move from slightly over 300 hp to nearly 400, and they've also gone on a modest diet to shed about 50 pounds. The jaw-dropping, deadly Group B days aren't making a comeback, but some of the same spirit has been embraced while forming the 2017 regulations.
Across all four series, the Holy Grail combo of adding speed without compromising safety has been achieved, and it has come without sending budgets spiralling out of control. The steps being made by the four—and they are steps, rather than enormous leaps—give me hope that some of the excitement we've lost will make a gradual return.
IMSA's new-for-2017 prototypes, led by factory creations from Cadillac, Mazda and Nissan. Marshall Pruett
Altogether, the four series acknowledged the cars we watch—the technical instruments that drivers attempt to tame—must overwhelm our senses and pique our curiosity if the sport is going to thrive.
If we're fortunate, racing's newer fans—the ones who continue to ask why the old guard make such a fuss about the "good old days"—will get a taste of something they've never seen but have always deserved. Here's to the "good new days."
Jan 10, 2017; Salt Lake City, UT, USA; Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James (23) shoots the ball against Utah Jazz forward Gordon Hayward (20) during the first quarter at Vivint Smart Home Arena. Mandatory Credit: Russ Isabella-USA TODAY Sports
The 5 best draft picks in Miami Heat history by Simon Smith
Heat rumors: Miami as much a threat as Boston to sign Gordon Hayward
Heat rumors: Miami as much a threat as Boston to sign Gordon Hayward by Wes Goldberg
Locked On Heat is a daily podcast covering the Miami Heat and the NBA. Subscribe to get daily, expert insight on the Heat.
With the latest news that the Miami Heat are “loading up” for a run at Gordon Hayward, Wes and David talk about what that means for the Heat. They also discuss the possibility of LeBron James returning to South Beach, and if signing Hayward would be a precursor to making a run at Paul George or Jimmy Butler.
Hosted by Wes Goldberg (@wcgoldberg) and David Ramil (@dramil13). Subscribe on iTunes or via RSS. Get in touch with the show on Twitter (@LockedOnHeat) or by email at [email protected] .
Subscribe to Locked On Heat
Interact with Locked On Heat
Follow us on Twitter
Send mailbag questions and comments to [email protected] . Interested in sponsorship opportunities? Email those too.
If you enjoy the show please subscribe, rate us and review us. It helps. Thank you for your support!
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday avoided direct mention of a pipeline that has provoked high-profile protests from Native Americans but urged tribal leaders to use the spotlight to continue pushing for recognition even after he leaves office.
Obama spoke at his eighth and final Tribal Nations Conference, which he created during his first year in office. Leaders of more than 560 Native American tribes gathered for the Washington event as one of the largest Native American protests in decades continues in North Dakota.
In his remarks, Obama acknowledged that Native American tribes have unified around the demonstrations led by the Standing Rock Sioux, a tribe that he visited in 2014.
“I know that many of you have come together across tribes and across the country to support the community at Standing Rock and together you are making your voices heard,” he said. “This moment highlights why it's so important that we redouble our efforts to make sure that every federal agency truly consults and listens and works with you, sovereign to sovereign.”
In recent weeks, protests against the Dakota Access pipeline have drawn international attention, prompting the U.S. government to temporarily block its construction on federal land. Tribal leaders say the pipeline will desecrate sacred land and pollute water.
When fully connected to existing lines, the 1,100-mile (1,770 km) pipeline would be the first to carry crude oil from the Bakken shale directly to the U.S. Gulf. The $3.7 billion project is being built by the Dakota Access subsidiary of Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners LP.
Obama discussed the progress made by his administration over the last eight years to improve relations with tribal nations, and urged leaders to keep fighting for more visibility and input regardless of who succeeds him in the White House next year.
“Our progress depends in part on who sits the in Oval Office, and whether they're setting the right priorities, but lasting progress depends on all of us, not just who the president is.”
Various Obama administration officials unveiled initiatives aimed at upholding Native American sovereignty at the conference.
Interior Secretary Sally Jewell announced a forthcoming memorandum from Obama that would require federal agencies to consider Native American treaty rights in decision-making on natural resource projects, hoping to avoid future conflicts with tribes such as the current Dakota Access dispute.
The Justice and Interior Departments also announced settlements with 17 tribes that had sued the U.S. government, accusing them of mismanaging monetary assets and natural resources that the government held in trust for the tribes.
The “vast majority” of all such disputes have been settled, according to the government, which has paid $1.9 billion to resolve the cases since April 2012.
Those settlements characterize the Obama administration's effort to mend ties “where we have failed in the past in our trust responsibilities,” said Lawrence Roberts, assistant secretary for Indian Affairs at the Interior Department, on the sidelines of Monday's conference.
Regan Dunn, 15, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, delivered opening remarks at the conference.
Dunn said afterward she had never imagined a company might try to build a pipeline through her homeland, but that the wide opposition among various tribes - including some she had not previously heard of - has been “heartwarming.”
Brian Cladoosby, president of the National Congress of American Indians, which represents more than 500 tribes, praised Obama's legacy on Native American issues and warned the assembly that “there is no guarantee going forward there will be the same commitment from the next administration.”
When the Justice Department, Interior Department and the U.S. Army temporarily blocked the pipeline's construction on Sept. 9, the administration called for “a serious discussion” about how tribes are consulted by the government on decisions over major infrastructure projects.
The Army, Interior and Justice departments will hold hearings on the shortcomings of the present process on Oct. 11, and formal discussions with tribes in six U.S. regions from Oct. 25 through Nov. 21.
President Obama holds a baby as he poses with children at the cannonball Flag Day Celebration at the cannonball Powwow Grounds on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota. REUTERS/Larry Downing
The deadline for written comments will be Nov. 30, the agencies announced.
On Thursday, the chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, Dave Archambault, told a House of Representatives panel there was no “meaningful consultation” before permits were issued to bring the pipeline through his tribe's territory.
Archambault is scheduled to speak on Monday evening at a rally of pipeline opponents.
A certain relative of mine – you know who you are – criticised me recently for spending too much time blogging about restaurants.
Then she asked me to blog about a restaurant.
Welcome to my world.
To be fair, this is no ordinary restaurant. And no, she isn't one of the owners.
You want to tell your friends you have been to Ct, or Community Table. But then you'll regret it, because it will become more difficult to get a table. That's what I said the first time I wrote about this restaurant, on another website.
Ct – its name is no accident – sits in the rarefied reaches of Litchfield County in northwest Connecticut. For those of you who haven't been, Litchfield County is the summer destination for moneyed New Yorkers who elect not to follow their status-conscious brethren to the more popular, more crowded and more everything eastern reaches of Long Island.
Litchfield County, in a discreet, and I must add slightly smug way, is the anti-Hamptons. Its calling card is restraint and understatement, as well as its adherence to a strictly old-school, blue-blood, Protestant aesthetic.
That hasn't prevented the hedge fund crowd from piling in, but they pile in quietly. In the Hamptons, winning means arriving with a bang. See the recent piece in the New York Times about Calvin Klein's new beachfront house. In Litchfield, winning means looking like you've been there for generations.
I digress. It's hard to resist.
From the outside, Ct faithfully reflects the Litchfield aesthetic. It is in a simple clapboard house with a gracious veranda in the front that allows you to sip wine (BYO or from their excellent list) while you wait for a table. Ct takes reservations, but if you haven't booked, you'll wait a bit.
On the inside, Ct takes the Litchfield aesthetic and starts to play with it. Architectural features like casement windows cut into the ceiling or a house-within-a-house around the entrance suggest something creative is happening here.
Then the food comes, and you are convinced of it.
Ct is one of those places – it reminds me of Modern Pantry in London – where flavours don't just sit comfortably next to each other on a plate. They combine to greater effect.
And so it was with a mussels and chorizo starter with heirloom tomatoes in a white-wine sauce. Chorizo makes just about everything more interesting, and in this case added fire to the gentle acidity of the white-wine sauce, and firm texture as a counterweight to mussels as soft as tears.
Scallops, graced with nasturtium, trout roe, leeks and buttermilk, harnessed creamy richness within a gently seared surface.
Ct's elk took me briefly back to a similar dish in Helsinki, though that evening (as it happens, with said relative) was more about Nordic-hunting-lodge hearty than anything else. Ct's venison comes not from Finland but from New York State, where winter requires little more than a heavy sweater and a pair of duck boots. New York elk is a bit more genteel as a result.
Ct is a locavore establishment, and thanks us for supporting a long list of non-GMO, anti-pesticide, cruelty-free suppliers. If this comforts you, bear it in mind as you devour Ct's porcelet, which features the meat of a baby, milk-fed pig.
You will devour this porcelet though, because the name is easier to absorb than baby pig, and the meat itself gently absorbs a plum mustard sauce that is magenta on the plate and Technicolor in your mouth.
The service at Ct is warm, gracious, and considerate. Desserts, in my case a birthday cake that wasn't really a cake but something much more playful, are excellent.
I could go on. I'd prefer just to go back.
The mysterious phenomenon known as quantum entanglement—where objects seemingly communicate at speeds faster than light to instantaneously influence one another, regardless of their distance apart—was famously dismissed by Einstein as "spooky action at a distance." New experiments could soon answer skeptics by enabling people to see entangled pulses of light with the naked eye.
Although Einstein rebelled against the notion of quantum entanglement, scientists have repeatedly proved that measuring one of an entangled pair of objects, such as a photon, immediately affects its counterpart no matter how great their separation—theoretically. The current record distance is 144 kilometers, between the Canary Islands of La Palma and Tenerife.
Photons make up light—and the fact that scientists regularly entangle these tiny packets of energy raised the possibility that humans might actually be able to observe this effect. Now experiments to shoot entangled photons at the human eye are under development, and should take place later this year. "It's fascinating that entanglement is something we could see with the naked eye—it brings us closer to this strange quantum phenomenon," notes researcher Nicolas Gisin, a quantum physicist at the University of Geneva in Switzerland
Entanglement is measured by creating entangled particles, sending them to different detectors, and seeing how quickly a measurement on one influences the other. The idea for this experiment is simply to replace the photon detectors with human vision. Human retinas are surprisingly sensitive, capable of being triggered by roughly seven photons. And although they only have an efficiency of about 7 percent (of every 100 photons that enter the pupil, only about seven go on to reach the retina) they have a dark count of virtually zero, meaning they generate few if any false positives.
"The eye can actually detect single photons, but the signals that light sends to the brain are suppressed unless there are about seven—otherwise you would see flashes of light all the time—even in complete darkness," explains quantum physicist Seth Lloyd of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
First, Gisin and his colleagues will entangle a pair of photons, and then amplify these signals by entangling each of these photons with another ensemble of, say, 100 photons. In the arrangement they are currently developing, one pulse of photons would then be sent at a person, whereas the other would be sent at a conventional photon detector to test what the volunteer saw, Gisin says. "Although there's no reason to have human eyes on both sides, the final experiments can involve that," he added. Gisin and his colleagues have posted their plans to arXiv.org and submitted the idea for more formal publication in the journal Physical Review A.
People should not jump to the conclusion that such experiments will entangle people with machines or other people on a quantum level, Gisin cautions. Rather, "people will see photons that were entangled with each other," he explains.
Although conventional photon detectors can already accomplish these results, "it's fascinating from a human point of view—I would always prefer to see a galaxy with my naked eye rather than download a picture from the Internet," says quantum physicist Sandu Popescu at the University of Bristol in England, who did not participate in this research. "Also, it's interesting that no one until now was motivated to consider this kind of detector—you normally want to use the best detector possible, not something like the human eye." Entanglement is usually thought of as a rather fragile phenomenon, he added, and such experiments could highlight that it is robust enough "as to survive a person detecting it—much stronger than people usually appreciate."
Lloyd, who also is not part of the Gisin team for these experiments, said that it "would be pretty neat if you can still detect entanglement despite the fact you're using the naked eye, which is an imperfect detector that is pretty lousy." He added: "It's really solid work, and when they do have an experiment with a human, I want to be next online."
Encrypted Media Extensions (EME) is one step closer to becoming a fully ratified World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) recommendation. Yesterday, it was revealed W3C's director Tim Berners-Lee has reached a decision to approve the specification.
EME is a format that enables the playback of protected content within a web browser without requiring a plugin.
“The Encrypted Media Extensions specification remains a better alternative for users than other platforms, including for reasons of security, privacy, and accessibility, by taking advantage of the Web platform. While additional work in some areas may be beneficial for the future of the Web Platform, it remains appropriate for the W3C to make the EME specification a W3C Recommendation,” Philippe Le Hégaret, project management lead for the W3C, wrote in an email.
Since 2010, the W3C has been working to support video in HTML and extend the Open Web Platform so that developers and users no longer have to worry about relying on plugins and installing extensions. According to Le Hégaret, in order to develop websites that were “flashy” and supported video in the past, plugins were necessary because HTML and CSS were not enough to satisfy use cases. However, there were a lot of security and privacy concerns around using plugins because they are outside of the control of web browsers.
Today, the W3C has about 200 specifications in the works toward mitigating those concerns, but one big concern still remains: Digital Restrictions Management. DRM is said to impose technological restrictions on users' digital media rights. DRM has been causing controversy around the EME specification because some users in the video and movie industry still rely on DRM to confidently distribute their content, according to Le Hégaret. “They may say this is a video you can play with EME, but to be able to do that you need to be able to use a DRM system,” he said. “A lot of the community out there is worried of the implications of installing these black boxes on computers, and rightfully if I may say so.” However the W3C believes this is an issue with DRM itself, and not with the EME specification.
According to the Free Software Foundation (FSF), an organization designed to advance software freedom, the DRM interferes with users' control over their own computers, is insecure, and introduces risks to user privacy. Because of this, the FSF is strongly against W3C's EME specification and DRM on the web.
“We want a free web that doesn't have any DRM, and each step to formalize it as part of the web is concerning,” said Zak Rogoff, campaigns manager for the FSF. “This is the first time the W3C has gotten this close to standardizing DRM officially…and we are pretty concerned that if this is ratified it could energize efforts and open the door to more DRM on the web.”
Ideally, the FSF wishes the W3C would not endorse DRM in any way. While the FSF understands it can not legally stop anyone from using DRM on the web, it does not think the W3C should be an official part of it. According to Rogoff, the W3C has a long tradition of supporting the Open Web, and this specification goes against that tradition.
But Le Hégaret ensures it has the best interests of the web in mind. “There are still some remaining concerns with regards to the policy, so I understand part of the reaction, but we have been working very hard to make sure to protect the security of users as much as possible,” he said. “We are a technical organization and our aim is to lead the web to its full potential. For better or for worse, there are millions of users out there who are looking to use the web platform for many use cases and one of those is the playback of protected content, so it makes sense for us to look at this use case.”
With Berners-Lee's approval, the EME specification is quickly moving towards W3C Recommendation. At this point, the W3C has to wait two weeks before EME can become an official recommendation. During the next two weeks, the FSF will work hard to set an appeal in motion. In order for this to happen, 5 percent of the W3C's advisory committee members have to sign onto the appeal. The committee currently has 475 members. If the appeal is successful, it would trigger a vote for the whole committee to make a final decision on whether or not to approve EME. “W3C member organizations must take responsibility for the digital rights of Web users and appeal Tim Berners-Lee's disastrous decision,” Rogoff said in a statement. “Standards-setters' top priorities should be user freedom, privacy, security, interoperability and accessibility, not helping Hollywood and streaming companies make their anti-user DRM more efficient. If you have any personal connection to a W3C member organization, we encourage you to contact them immediately about appealing.”
In the midst of all of this, the FSF is participating in the International Day Against DRM this weekend. The Day Against DRM is a recurring event designed to take action against the law and technology that weakens user security and rights. The event takes place Sunday, July 9th. According to Rogoff, while it is a coincidence this is taking place during the EME's appeal phase, the organization plans to draw attention towards the W3C's recommendation as well as other DRM issues. To participate, users can plan or participate a gather or protect action.
“While EME does not overcome the fact that the user needs to interact with a content decryption module (CDM), it is an improvement over the pre-EME situation and a step towards future improvements as well,” Le Hégaret wrote. “We recommend organizations involved in DRM and EME implementations ensure proper security and privacy protection of their users. We also recommend that such organizations not use the anti-circumvention provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and similar laws around the world to prevent security and privacy research on the specification or on implementations.”
Interim coach Jim Grobe will not be Baylor's head coach in 2017 and beyond, so the biggest question on the field is just who will be.
It seemed last week that SMU head coach Chad Morris was firmly in the crosshairs of those in power at Baylor. But that doesn't seem to be the case anymore, according to 247Sports.
We were told Sunday by those close to the search that Baylor and Morris are moving on. Sources said the once-promising negotiations hit a snag along the way for two reasons: Morris' desire for another in-state job driving the price tag - and, on Baylor's end, it was a price and a coaching prospect that suddenly seemed less palatable after watching Navy score 10 offensive touchdowns on 10 possessions against the Mustangs. (Navy also had a pick 6 to get to 75 points.) With Morris most likely out, the names we're hearing most often are North Carolina's Larry Fedora, Colorado's Mike MacIntyre and Cal's Sonny Dykes.
The report also says Morris, a Texas A&M alum, may have a wandering eye to the situation at A&M and what might not happen to Kevin Sumlin. And there have since been conflicting reports on whether Morris has turned down interest or not.
You can get your head around Sonny Dykes if you're a Baylor booster or decision maker because of the obvious scheme connection.
Dykes is an air raid coach with deep Texas ties (he's a native who played and coach at Texas Tech, where his dad, Spike, was the school's second all-time winningest coach), and the personnel the Bears have on the roster for next year would fit like a glove. Dykes also helped rebuild the Cal football program's academic standards.
He's long been rumored to be looking for a way back into Texas and has interviewed for multiple jobs while at Cal. ESPN reported Wednesday night that the search is focused on Dykes, and that Morris is indeed out of the running.
He's only 19-30 as a Power 5 head coach, but went 8-5 last year with No. 1 draft pick Jared Goff.
Fedora's a Texas native and spread-offense coach whose main connection to the Bears is the fact that he used to coach at Baylor in the 1990s. While he's become a hot name in this year's coaching carousel, there's a tangible link to Waco.
As for MacIntyre, he's shown that he can turn a flailing program around at San Jose State and Colorado. He's got the Buffaloes in a conference championship game this weekend two years removed from a 2-10 campaign. But CU would fight hard to keep him, he doesn't have clear connections to the state of Texas, and he's already got a better situation.
Whoever does take over for the Bears will have an issue with acquiring talent.
The wake of sexual assault scandal has seen many high school recruits steer clear of Waco. SB Nation recruiting analyst Bud Elliott talked about the type of recruiting challenges the new Baylor coach will face.
“From 2012-15, 15 percent of Baylor's signees were rated four- or five-stars, a trend that was rapidly increasing as the Bears established themselves as a program. But after the scandal, Baylor's 2016 signing class was slashed to just 17 members, with only one blue-chipper. 2017 is even worse. Baylor has just two commitments, and there is zero chatter about BU's chances at top prospects.
“Even if the new staff hits the ground running, which it won't, the 2016-17 classes are going to set Baylor back on the field significantly.”
As of Sunday, Baylor had one recruit committed to its 2017 recruiting class with Signing Day rapidly approaching.
Image caption The girl was thrown from the bridge in full view of rush-hour commuters
An Australian man who killed his four-year-old daughter by throwing her from a bridge in full view of rush-hour commuters has been jailed for life.
Arthur Freeman killed Darcey in a fit of rage, amid a bitter custody battle with his ex-wife.
His two sons, then aged two and six, witnessed the murder.
Judge Paul Coghlan ordered that Freeman would not be eligible for parole for 32 years, but said the 37-year-old was not beyond redemption.
The day before the murder, in January 2009, Freeman had been told his visiting rights to his children were being reduced.
Analysis In delivering the life sentence, Judge Justice Paul Coghlan said that Freeman had tried to hurt his former wife as profoundly as possible, and had chosen a remarkably public place to have the most dramatic impact. What particularly rankled the judge was that Freeman had never said sorry for his actions, and that others had somehow felt culpable for his actions. Then he put four-year-old Darcey front and centre. "What Darcey's last thoughts might have been does not bear thinking about," he said. Bryant: Darcey Freeman's death
He had telephoned his ex-wife and told her to say good-bye to her children because she would never see them again.
Dozens of motorists stuck in rush-hour traffic saw Darcey plunge to her death, and one eyewitness described how Freeman had returned to his car as if he had just posted a letter.
The jury heard that Darcey's elder brother, Ben, had begged his father to return because he knew the girl could not swim.
She sustained massive injuries in the fall and eventually drowned.
Judge Coghlan said Freeman had acted out of revenge.
"What Darcey's last thoughts might have been does not bear thinking about and her death must have been a painful and protracted one," he said.
"It can only be concluded that you used your daughter in an attempt to hurt your former wife as profoundly as possible"
Freeman's defence team claimed that he had been mentally impaired at the time of the incident, but the court rejected the argument.
In Mexico, migrating monarch butterflies gather on trees. The number of migrating butterflies has shrunk as trees and food have disappeared. (Kirsten Luce/Associated Press)
The stunning and little-understood migration of millions of monarch butterflies to spend the winter in Mexico is in danger of ending, experts said last week, after numbers dropped to their lowest level since recordkeeping began in 1993.
In a report, they blamed the disappearance of the milkweed plant the species feeds on, extreme weather trends and the illegal cutting down of trees the butterflies depend on for shelter.
After steady declines in the past three years, the black-and-orange butterflies now cover only 1.6 acres in the forests west of Mexico City, compared with 2.9 acres last year, said the report, released by the World Wildlife Fund and by Mexico's Environment Department and Commission of Protected Natural Areas. The butterflies covered more than 44.5 acres at their recorded peak in 1996.
Because the butterflies clump together by the thousands in trees, they are counted by the area they cover.
The decline in the monarch population is a long-term trend, experts say.
A monarch butterfly perches on a tree at the Sierra Chincua Sanctuary in the mountains west of Mexico City. (Marco Ugarte/Associated Press)
Lincoln Brower, an entomologist (insect scientist) at Virginia's Sweet Briar College, called the migration “an endangered biological phenomenon.”
Karen Oberhauser, a University of Minnesota professor, said farmers in the Midwest are making more use of weedkillers because some crops aren't harmed by the chemicals. But the chemicals kill milkweed, the monarchs' food source.
Severe cold snaps, unusually heavy rains and droughts also seem to have played a role in the decline.
It's unclear what would happen to the monarchs if they no longer made the trek to Mexico. There are monarchs in many parts of the world, so they would not become extinct. The butterflies apparently can survive year-round in warmer climates, but populations in the northern United States and Canada would have to find someplace to spend the bitter winters.
The migration is an inherited trait. No butterfly lives to make the full round trip, and it is unclear how they know the route to the same patch of forest each year, a journey of thousands of miles to central Mexico. Some scientists think that the butterflies release chemicals that mark the migratory path and that if their numbers fall low enough, not enough chemical traces would remain, and the route-marking might no longer work.
Butterfly guide Emilio Velazquez Moreno, 39, and other farmers in Macheros, a village inside an officially protected wintering ground, have planted small plots of milkweed, hoping to provide food for the monarchs if they stay in Mexico year-round. Velazquez Moreno, who has been visiting the butterflies since he was a boy, said: “We have to protect this. This comes first; this is our heritage.”
— Associated Press
For a look at the monarch butterfly migration, check out the movie “Flight of the Butterflies 3D” at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, 10th Street and Constitution Avenue NW, Washington. For showtimes, a parent can visit www.si.edu/Imax/Movie/71.
Agario is a game where players spawn as a small dot in a large, two-dimensional grid environment. The goal of the game is to survive by consuming smaller dots, which consequently make you larger. These smaller dots are scattered throughout the map, and may or may not be one of the other hundred people playing along with you. If you're interested in learning more about the game I encourage you to try it out for yourself.
What I find most interesting about Agario is how it undeniably resembles the artificial societies used to study human behavior. Data from these societies can be quite telling; for example, a 1986 study used such a model to learn that hunters-gatherers could pool resources to significantly mitigate risks in the form of variation.1 A more recent study used a similar model to find that risk-averse agents, on average, went on to live much longer lives than their shorter-lived counterparts.2
If you're like me, and wonder if there might be some evolutionary reasons or benefits to our risk-averse predilections3, the above studies may offer key insights. The difference between these simulation-based artificial societies and Agario, is that the latter uses actual humans to control the agents. I personally think it would be interesting to see how the data compare.
Do risk-averse players live longer (on average) than risk takers? Does sharing, or teaming up help with longevity? What are some interesting questions that you might have for such data?
(CNN) President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for secretary of state will say at his confirmation hearing Wednesday that Russia "must be held accountable for its actions," according to excerpts of his remarks.
Rex Tillerson's big moment in the spotlight before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee comes as CNN reported Tuesday that US intelligence agencies are investigating reports that Russia collected sensitive and potentially compromising information about Trump's personal and financial affairs.
The information, from a firm run by a former British intelligence operative, also indicated that throughout the campaign, Trump surrogates were in touch with intermediaries for the Russian government. Sen. John McCain, an Arizona Republican, became aware of the information in December and passed it to FBI Director James Comey that month.
Tillerson intends to address the US relationship with Moscow head on in his opening remarks.
Read More
Astronomers have confirmed the origin of the Quadrantid meteors as a "deep-space explosion" of a comet in 1490 which was observed in China, Japan and Korea, New Scientist reports.
Fourteen astronomers last week tracked the shower's annual display during a nine-hour flight from California to the North Pole. Peter Jenniskens of NASA had previously followed up suspicions that it was caused by the debris of the 1490 event, in which observers spotted a comet "following a path similar to that of the Quadrantids", and which suddenly "flared up".
Jenniskens calculated that this relatively young stream would be narrow, and therefore "easily deflected by Jupiter's gravity". He predicted that accordingly it would "arrive a few hours earlier than if it were an older, more diffuse stream", peaking at 0200 GMT on Friday.
The astronomer's observations confirmed this. Apart from the Quadrantids, the 1490 exploding comet left a more substantial piece of debris - a near-Earth asteroid dubbed 2003 EH1. ®
You may have been looking for Wikipedia:Truth.
This page is a humorous essay attempting to critique certain actions. It contains sarcasm. It is not intended to directly show a serious opinion (although it does attempt to show an opinion indirectly).
This essay in a nutshell: Your opinions are The Truth, and thus are unquestionably correct.
The Truth is a unique force in the universe. The Truth is true. However, despite its inarguable power, acceptance of The Truth is not yet universal. Indeed, foolish or corrupt editors may try to remove The Truth from Wikipedia. Here are some guidelines on how to identify The Truth, and how to deal with those who deny its truthiness. There is only the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
Characteristics of The Truth [ edit ]
It is sometimes hard for the uninitiated to differentiate between simple facts or opinions and The Truth. Some defining characteristics of The Truth include:
The Truth, unlike an opinion, is not open to reasonable debate. Any reasonable person presented with The Truth will agree with it – usually immediately, and with the expressions of true delight that traditionally accompany the revelation of The Truth to all reasonable people, but occasionally after a charming but brief hesitation, so that it can be claimed later that the reasonable person truly did think it over rationally and isn't the least bit fickle – and so it is nearly a tautology to state that any debate or resistance must be unreasonable. The Truth will encounter great opposition. Normally, unreasonable people can be placated with unreasonable arguments, and this should be tried. The Truth, however, will be vehemently opposed by nearly everyone, due to the unreasonable number of unreasonable people in this world; therefore, opposition from many people is clear evidence that you come bearing The Truth. Do not feel discouraged when you are the sole bearer of The Truth. Eventually, reasonable people will come to agree with The Truth, and although you may have to bully many unreasonable people away, The Truth will be written in Wikipedia. The Truth is appropriate everywhere. Mere facts can sometimes be irrelevant, such as the molecular structure of a lettuce leaf in an article on Albanian politics. But The Truth is always relevant, and should be included everywhere that text can be put. The Truth does not require verification through reliable sources. That sort of thing may be necessary for mere "facts", but we're talking about The Truth here, people! If the source doesn't agree with The Truth, then it's obviously not reliable anyway. The Truth is best communicated through repetition. The first attempts to insert The Truth into Wikipedia are often met with resistance in the form of three-letter acronyms and references to "policy" and "consensus". When other editors oppose The Truth in such a manner, the most likely explanation is that they have not heard it repeated frequently enough. The Truth will cause the blinders to fall from your eyes, whereupon you will fall to your knees and weep. Conversely, those who refuse to see The Truth are death choosers and will always devalue life. The Truth takes no pronouns in any language, because The Truth is cool like that. Though everyone thinks they know The Truth, nobody actually knows The Truth. Except you. And me.
Defenders of The Truth [ edit ]
Obviously, The Truth needs defenders. These noble souls, who fly in the face of "consensus" and "verifiability", refuse to kneel to the power of disagreement, knowing that in the end The Truth will prevail. The best Defenders of The Truth will repeatedly make the same argument that The Truth is correct, hoping some will come to find the error of their ways and repent to support The Truth. After a couple days of doing this, enough people should have converted to The Truth that there is no question it will stay. This is the ideal situation for The Truth.
Remember, nobody believed Einstein, Newton, or Galileo at first, either. You are exactly like those men. Only righter. Especially if you are correcting their obvious errors.
Opposers of The Truth [ edit ]
However, not everyone is willing to understand The Truth. There are some who will oppose The Truth eternally, and you must be aware of certain things about them.
They will probably try to have a reasoned argument with you. However, the first characteristic of The Truth dictates that this is logically impossible. Therefore, they must be irrational people, and no purpose is served in interacting with them in any way (although a light scoff may make you feel better). You can safely ignore the people who do this, and continue with your method of repeating the same argument in the face of irrational opposition. The Truth only needs one argument! They may demonstrate that everyone disagrees with you. This is likely to be true, but make sure to maintain indifference! If you're trying to bring The Truth somewhere, then clearly it doesn't already exist there. And if it doesn't exist, then there must logically be a cabal obstructing it. Most cabals are so sneaky that no possible investigation will prove their existence! So, just remember, anyone who opposes The Truth is unreasonable or part of a cabal, and both groups of people can safely be dismissed. Try that light scoff again. If they caballed their way through RFA, they may use their rollback tool to revert you faster, and they may even block you! If you are blocked while contributing The Truth, you should make a couple hundred sockpuppets, preferably with names like WikipediaIsCensorship, ImRightAndYoureWrong, or EndTheEvilAdminCabal. Now, use most of these accounts making complaints to WP:ANI or various admins' talk pages about your block. After that, file an Arbcom case against the admin who blocked you, all editors who disagreed with you, and anyone who reverted your ANI postings. Make sure to involve all your sockpuppets in the arbitration proceedings, either to provide support for your side or to make the other side look stupid. Also remember to reserve a few; that way, in case YOU end up banned instead, a mysterious and unbiased editor can show up a week later and note what a huge injustice it was.
Philosophers of The Truth [ edit ]
In October 2011, a working group requested comment from other editors on whether to change the first sentence of Wikipedia's verifiability policy, resulting in a lengthy and lively discussion. A section was added to the discussion seeking to bring a broader perspective to the table in light of one editor's head nearly exploding from wading at length through the discussion's vitriol and arguendo ad nauseam. The comment is presented here to show that, truly, finding the shelter of an artful dodgerism approach to The Truth can be helpful when it's time to take a breath from The Truth:
See also [ edit ]
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
“We don't know where this individual is at this point,” he added.
“It seems to be random shootings in the North End,” Michalyshen said in a media briefing late Saturday.
Police spokesman Const. Jason Michalyshen warned citizens late Saturday not to open their doors to unexpected visitors and not to investigate if they hear something suspicious.
WINNIPEG -- Two people were killed and one was in critical condition in an apparent rash of random shootings at homes in the North End Saturday night.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 23/10/2010 (3047 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 23/10/2010 (3047 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
WINNIPEG — Two people were killed and one was in critical condition in an apparent rash of random shootings at homes in the North End Saturday night.
Police spokesman Const. Jason Michalyshen warned citizens late Saturday not to open their doors to unexpected visitors and not to investigate if they hear something suspicious.
DAVID LIPNOWSKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Police investigate the scene of a shooting on Boyd Avenue Saturday night.
"It seems to be random shootings in the North End," Michalyshen said in a media briefing late Saturday.
"We don't know where this individual is at this point," he added.
Michalyshen wouldn't verify if the suspect is on bike or on foot. He said it is not known if the injuries were sustained in or out of homes.
"This is a very serious incident. It is unique and very unfortunate."
In quick succession just minutes apart, shots were fired at a suite on Stella Walk in the Lord Selkirk Park housing development at 8:35 p.m., a house on Dufferin Avenue at 8:45 p.m. and in the 400 block of Boyd Avenue shortly after 9 p.m.
At press time, police were chasing a bicyclist believed to be armed with a sawed-off shotgun on one of the city's bicycle paths near Burrows Avenue running along the Red River.
A man on Dufferin Avenue was rushed to hospital in critical condition with wounds to his upper body.
Yellow police tape roped off all three crime scenes.
At Stella Walk, a resident said he went to buy a Slurpee when "I saw somebody on a bike looking like a ninja and I thought it was suspicious, but I didn't think anything more about it.
"I thought afterwards, ‘Was he carrying a gun?'
"Then two or three minutes later I heard the shots... I heard three or four shots and I heard a girl screaming."
Nearby, investigating police officers holding flashlights scoured the front exterior of one of the suites for evidence of the shooting there.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
One officer pointed out to other officers a large hole blasted through one of the suite's front windows.
Just about three blocks west of this shooting, a small grey kitten was nosing around the grass under yellow police tape outside a one-and-a-half-storey house at 495 Dufferin Ave., where the second shooting occurred.
There were no visible signs of the shooting there, but officers were guarding the scene.
A few blocks north on Boyd, police taped blocked both ends of the 400 block and the back lane between Boyd and Powers Street.
Police officers could be seen in the distance talking to residents at their front doors.
kevin.rollason@freepress.mb.ca
SALEM, Ore. -- The times, they are a-changing.
For the first time, the Oregon State Fair will include a marijuana plant display, along with a competition, Don Morse with the Oregon Cannabis Business Council told KATU News.
It'll all begin with the Oregon Cannabis Growers Fair on Aug. 13 and 14, where growers will bring their plants to be judged.
The top nine plants will be put on display at the State Fair, which will be held Aug. 26 through Sept. 5 at the Oregon State Fairgrounds in Salem.
The plants will be non-flowering, and will be judged on leaf structure, spacial nodding, shape and overall health and vigor. Ed Rosenthal, a nationally-renowned author and grower, will be judging the competition.
"This is our attempt to introduce the cannabis plant to the rest of the state as Oregon's newest agricultural farm crop," Morse said.
Morse says the area displaying those plants during the fair will be restricted to the 21 and up crowd. Consumption of marijuana will not be allowed.
Biofeedback therapy involves learning to reduce muscle tension in the head and neck or modifying blood flow, usually by warming the hands (an indirect but easily measured way of reducing stress-related responses). In most cases biofeedback is combined with relaxation training. This involves practicing slow abdominal breathing, focusing on feelings of heaviness and warmth in different parts of the body, or visualizing positive images. While the outcomes of biofeedback and relaxation training are generally similar, there is experimental and clinical evidence that the addition of biofeedback may increase the effectiveness of relaxation, particularly for individuals who do not get good results from relaxation therapy alone. When the method of training is geared to the patient's level, biofeedback and relaxation therapy have been shown to be effective across a wide range of ages from children to the elderly.
Comparisons of results across a large number of studies find average reductions in headache from 45% to 60% for migraine and tension-type headache (depending on how headaches are measured). This response rate is roughly equivalent to the effectiveness of certain drugs, such as beta blockers (propranolol) for migraine and tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline) for tension-type headache. The combination of biofeedback and medication may provide superior treatment results. For example, the average improvement in migraine with propranolol is 44% to 55%. When propranolol was added to biofeedback, one recent study found a significant increase in effectiveness for the combination of propranolol and biofeedback (79%) vs. biofeedback alone (54%).
When is biofeedback effective and for whom? Although the definitive answers to these questions are not yet certain, clinical research has indicated a better response to treatment in persons who are able to raise hand temperature above 95°, practice the technique at home, learn to pay close attention to fluctuations in tension throughout the day, and apply brief relaxation techniques on a daily basis. There is some preliminary evidence that individuals who gain a sense of self-efficacy -- a belief that they are in fact capable of exerting some control over their physiology and headaches -- achieve a better outcome regardless of the actual level of physiological control achieved. If this finding holds true, it may be that those who develop such a belief in an internal locus of control are more likely to apply a wide variety of coping techniques in addition to the frequent practice of biofeedback skills, thus increasing their chances of reducing headache.
In a follow-up study of 154 biofeedback patients with combined migraine and tension-type headaches, Dr. Jeff Pingel and I found that 80-84% reported success in preventing stress-related headaches. In contrast, these patients reported less success in preventing migraine (34%) and tension-type headaches (56%) triggered by other factors, such as menstruation or weather changes.
Analgesic rebound (caused by taking large amounts of pain relievers on a near-daily basis) interferes with the effectiveness of biofeedback. Chronic daily high intensity headache rarely responds to biofeedback alone, although it can help in coping with the pain.
If you do an internet search for Jermain Defoe you will find stories about the goals he keeps scoring, his personal website, his Twitter feed and all the usual profile pages you would expect for a leading footballer.
But a glance at the "searches related to Jermain Defoe" will tell you this is not the complete picture. Among the most common words that people search for with the Spurs and England striker's name are "girlfriend split", "girlfriend", "house", "brother" and "baby".
The first two speak for themselves: Defoe is a single man who has, from time to time, been on dates with women. This partly explains the "baby" search, too, although this story turned out to be incorrect. And the house in question is a large property in an affluent part of Essex. The kind of place a London-based, Premier League footballer might choose, then.
But the reference to his brother hints at the awful run of sad news Defoe and his family have had to endure in the last five years.
Defoe: Natural born striker Born: Beckton, London, on 7 Oct 1982
Beckton, London, on 7 Oct 1982 First spotted: by Charlton Athletic and then joined FA's National School of Excellence at Lilleshall
by Charlton Athletic and then joined FA's National School of Excellence at Lilleshall Turns pro: at 16 with West Ham. Makes his name by scoring in 10 straight games on loan at Bournemouth
at 16 with West Ham. Makes his name by scoring in 10 straight games on loan at Bournemouth Joins Spurs: in 2004 after scoring 41 goals in five seasons for West Ham. Scores 64 goals for Spurs
in 2004 after scoring 41 goals in five seasons for West Ham. Scores 64 goals for Spurs Signs for Portsmouth: in January 2008
in January 2008 Second stint at Spurs: returns to White Hart Lane a year later. Has scored another 75 goals, placing him 5th on club's all-time top scorer's list
returns to White Hart Lane a year later. Has scored another 75 goals, placing him 5th on club's all-time top scorer's list First capped: in 2004. Has scored 19 goals in 54 England games, including a record 32 as substitute
Jade Defoe, an up-and-coming rapper, died from head injuries after a street attack in 2009. The year before, Defoe's grandmother died and two years later, his grandfather passed away. Last year, Defoe lost his father to cancer and a cousin in a terrible swimming-pool accident.
His response to these bereavements might surprise people who only know him from the tales about his girlfriends, fast cars and big salary. Like fellow footballing "bad boys" Craig Bellamy and Didier Drogba, Defoe has decided to make a difference by setting up a charitable foundation.
Bellamy, a combustible and controversial figure for most of his playing career, has confounded the usual clichés about greedy footballers by setting up a football academy and league in war-ravaged Sierra Leone. Drogba has helped build the best hospital in Abidjan, his home town in the Ivory Coast.
This kind of thing is commonplace in the US, where almost every major sportsperson has their own community project or foundation. Former NBA star Dikembe Mutombo, for example, is another to build a hospital - in Congo's Kinshasa - while leading quarterbacks Drew Brees and Peyton Manning have poured millions into initiatives in New Orleans and elsewhere.
These acts are in keeping with a long tradition of public philanthropy by wealthy Americans, something British-based sports stars have not traditionally been associated with, give or take a few honourable exceptions. That might be about to change.
Three days before that trademark display of finishing against Tromso, Defoe hosted a gala dinner in London to raise money for abused, disadvantaged and homeless children in St Lucia.
Born in London, Defoe grew up in a large, extended family that was proud to be both British and West Indian.
His mother Sandra's parents were from St Lucia. The pear-shaped lump of volcanic, Caribbean rock was once famous for its bananas, but is now better known for its infinity pools, beach yoga and all-you-can-eat buffets.
Defoe knows the full story, though. The 30-year-old has been spending time there since he could walk so he knows how friendly the people are - and also how many of them have had to leave.
Defoe has given financial backing to the Holy Family Children's Home in St Lucia
"My nan and granddad came here to work - my granddad worked in a meat factory, and my nan was at Tate & Lyle, the sugar factory," said Defoe, as boxer Evander Holyfield, Chelsea stars Ashley Cole and Frank Lampard, and half of Spurs' first-team squad arrived at The Grosvenor House hotel, the venue for the fundraiser.
"But they went back to St Lucia in 1995. They had saved up and built a house there. I think they wanted to go back to the sunshine.
"So my mum took me and my sister Chonte to visit them every year. It's my second home - a beautiful island with some fantastic people."
Most visitors would probably consider the 176,000 islanders to be a blessed people, too, but they are not seeing life beyond their hotel's landscaped lawns.
With the island's bananas priced out of competition by larger farming operations elsewhere, St Lucia depends on tourism and light industry. In many ways, it has done well to diversify, but it is a precarious existence, vulnerable to the changing fortunes of global fashion and finance.
To read some of the press he gets you might think Defoe is either immune to the concerns of typical St Lucians, or incapable of understanding them. You would be wrong.
"When most people talk about St Lucia they talk about the beautiful beaches and nice hotels," said Defoe.
St Lucia's stunning scenery has made the island a major holiday destination, but poverty remains
"They don't realise there is real poverty there. That would come as a shock to them. That's why we want to raise awareness."
His own awareness was raised in 2010. He had come from England's disappointing campaign at the World Cup in South Africa and wanted to recharge his batteries.
"The island had just been hit by Hurricane Tomas," he said. "A lot of houses and schools had been wiped out, so there were families on the streets and kids weren't getting educated.
"That's when we sat back and realised there was a desperate need."
It is always "we" with Defoe, and to say family is important to him is a little insensitive given what they have been through. Even an amateur psychologist could spot that this might explain why his relationship with his mother is so mutually supportive. The foundation is as much her work as his.
It was Sandra who got talking to locals about the kids playing football with her son on the beach. She wanted to know where their parents were. That was when she heard about the Holy Family Children's Home, the only centre for homeless children on the island.
Before long, contact was made with Sister Antonia David and a visit arranged.
"Sister Antonia explained they only have room for 14 children," said Sandra. "It's quite sad, really, and the social services are inundated."
Three years on, Defoe and his family are funding an extension to the Holy Family site in Castries, the island's capital. But they are also planning to set up a football academy and build a second home in the poorer south.
This is not a case of me thinking I've got to do something positive to turn some negative press around Jermain Defoe
Speaking at the foundation's launch in June, St Lucia's Prime Minister Dr Kenny Anthony said: "Jermain is one of the best strikers in England and we are tremendously proud of him. To us, he is a St Lucian through and through."
And that is what makes Defoe's actions so credible. A wealthy person sharing their good fortune with those less lucky is nothing new, and almost every charity today uses celebrity endorsements to gain publicity.
The secret is to make it real. So a famous person being photographed at a glitzy event to raise money for sick children in Africa makes no impact, but a famous person going to Africa to help sick children does.
Defoe gets this. He gets it in the same way that his response to his brother's death was to help disadvantaged youngsters, first through the Prince's Trust, and then with his own E18HTEEN project in north London.
Ambassador, mentor, philanthropist: these are tags that are rarely mentioned in stories about his love life.
"Media attention is part and parcel of the job," he said. "I guess we're living the dream and there is negative stuff that will go with it. But it is harsh at times, really harsh.
"My family has always told me that it says in the Bible you should not judge people. I try to do that, so I find it quite hard when people judge you without ever meeting you.
"But this is not a case of me thinking I've got to do something positive to turn some negative press around. This comes from my heart and even if the press didn't know about it, I'd still get the same great feeling inside."
The last week or so has gone pretty well for Defoe. His two-goal displays in the Europa League and League Cup should have reminded Andre Villas-Boas and Roy Hodgson of his pedigree as a finisher, but he also raised £80,000 at his gala dinner.
Among the entertainers in London that night were Britain's Got Talent finalists Loveable Rogues. Much more of this kind of thing from Defoe and even the strictest tabloid moralist will have to acknowledge that he too is more loveable rogue than love rat.
- Advertisement -
I am an activist for crime victims and also an apologist for the abrogation of immunity which is the cultivating factor of corruption, a long standing U.S. political policy that cannot be dealt with as long as immunity, a totalitarian abuse, that is practiced only by despots, tyrants, and dictators, and the U.S. Supreme Court branch of government.
I recently learned that people who work for a local, state, or federal agency, whether elected, appointed or just hired, are not liable for any negligence, even if their negligence results in a person's death. I found out that officials are immune, and therefore not held accountable for actions they do to violate constitutional rights of citizens. I was not aware of this until my research. I was wondering how many voters are aware of this. I do not recall voting on this type of measure to excuse and protect incompetence and irresponsibility in governing. So I did some research and learned that lawmakers bypassed the voters and robbed us of justice from owing a “duty of care” to citizens.
- Advertisement -
The only other types of governments I am aware of are those that immune themselves from negligence or malicious acts to citizens are dictatorships and tyrannical monarchies. I was under the impression that the United States was a democracy. However, it was not very difficult to discover that, truly we are not a democracy based upon the definition of the word democracy. Nonetheless, It was very exciting to come to the awakening personally, as an epiphany realizing that, all our nation has to do is stop immunity from protecting those who are screwing up our country. Then there would be incentive for officials to actually do a better job.
I believe prohibiting the immunity defense would vastly interfere with corruption. After all, corruption is the root of our countries problems in the past and present. This is a very simple change that will bring our government back under the control of the people to the origins of a “more perfect union.” Imagine, we as United States Citizens, aware of this, have been given another opportunity to create the greatest free government in the world simply by eliminating immunity. Of course, a paradigm shift must occur with the populace. This can occur through media. Until then, this epiphany may not click upstairs for some, but think about it. Meditate on it! What can it hurt?
- Advertisement -
The least that will happen are job openings for more qualified honest competent individuals. Within a decade, we will have competent officials doing the people's business with a duty of care! This is exciting when you really think about it!
However, officials protect themselves and will never allow this without a fight! Immunity is utopia for them and they will never allow their citizens to taste real freedom! But in a democracy they have no choice! Yet with immunity in place, we are not in a democracy and this will never occur. How sad!
The following definitions are from www.dictionary.com:
Democracy
- Advertisement -
[di-mok-ruh-see] –noun, plural -cies.
1. government by the people; a form of government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised directly by them or by their elected agents under a free electoral system.
Dictatorship
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
FINALLY: Proof that Trump Doesn't Have Russian Ties, Plus His Comments on the Vainglorious Showboat, Jim Comey
Good evening gentlemen. Over the past few month's, the left part of the country has been going insane over Russian ties. They believe the only reasonable explanation for Trump's win over Hillary is because the rotten Russians ‘intervened' and played king-maker for Vladimir Putin.
Up until now, no one really knew if this was true, definitively. I never thought that the Russians hacked anything, because I viewed it as sour grapes, plus I have ZERO confidence in our ‘intelligence agencies.' But I didn't have proof, until now.
President Trump did an interview with LESTER “the molester” HOLT this evening and had this to say.
“I actually asked him” if I were under investigation, Trump said, noting that he spoke with Comey once over dinner and twice by phone. “I said, if it's possible would you let me know, am I under investigation? He said, ‘You are not under investigation.'” “I know I'm not under investigation,” Trump told Holt during the 31-minute White House interview. “I just want somebody that's competent,” Trump responded. “I am a big fan of the FBI, I love the FBI.” But Trump also insisted there was no “collusion between me and my campaign and the Russians.” “Also, the Russians did not affect the vote.” “I have no investments in Russia, none whatsoever,” Trump told NBC News. “I don't have property in Russia. A lot of people thought I owned office buildings in Moscow. I don't have property in Russia, and I am…in total compliance in every way.”
There it is folks. Serious question for Trump haters out there: how can you recover from this and what charges will you make next? Perhaps pivot back to Russian hookers urinating on his face, or how about him raping a bunch of people — based off his ‘locker room' talk?
With regard to Comey: there isn't any room in the Whited House for ‘showboats' and ‘grandstanders.' The fuck out of here with that attitude.
“He's a showboat, he's grandstander, the FBI has been in turmoil,” Trump said of Comey in his wide-ranging interview with Holt. “You know that, I know that. Everybody knows that. You take a look at the FBI a year ago, it was in virtual turmoil, less than a year ago. It hasn't recovered from that.”
HE HAS A CERTIFIED LETTER!!! QED
GET IN HERE DEMOCRATS AND EXPLAIN THIS. pic.twitter.com/MSCLhYHnvf — The_Real_Fly (@The_Real_Fly) May 12, 2017
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
Andrew's discussion on 4 Reasons Why Disaffected Mormons Become Atheists sparked a thought in my mind as the familiar stories unfolded in the comments. Those stories told many times before speak of being lied to, mislead, having facts and truth withheld by “The Church.” The history was not told completely, or in their mind, purposely withheld, even though the facts and “whole truth” was generally available if one chose to seek it out.
Now, that's a hard thing to do as a child, brought up in Primary, with an almost pristine, magical past of angels, gold plates, miracles, visitations and, walking and talking to God and Jesus. All cloaked in a “This Church is True” wrapper.
But as an older person, an adult, those picture perfect stories begin to develop holes as more facts are available or discovered through various means: books, the Internet, other people, etc. As potentially disturbing facts become known, what is a person to do?
As a stated in my comment to Andrew's post, I think one has three choices:
1. Retreat into belief. – Those who encounter issues put it on the shelf and just believe. This could be equated to putting one's head in the sand. Could also be called blind faith. Maybe the issues are dealt with at a later time or not at all and simply ignored.
2. Retreat into unbelief – In this case, the person feels betrayed, lied to, deceived, etc. So they pull back, doubt, or leave. This can be viewed as ‘throwing the baby out with the bathwater.” In other words, in spite of all the positive experiences, the new-found negative(s) trump positive experiences and the whole is abandoned. If the Church is a failure at some level, God is also a failure because He did not prevent it. So a conclusion is, there must be no God.
3. Tackle the issue head-on – This scenario requires the person to address the issue in a complete way, seeking to fully understand in the correct context. While not a foolproof method, I have found this approach can generally satisfy the need to know and to remain a believer. For me, as I have tackled each issue that has come up, and believe me, I've looked at every issue there is in the Church and its history, I can process the whole story and remain a member of the Church.
But actually, that is not the point of this post at all. My question to you is simple:
“How do you handle the fact that almost everyone in your life, at one time or another, has lied, mislead, withheld information or deliberately deceived you in some way?”
Starting with your parents, your siblings, your spouse, your friends and acquaintances, your teachers, your employers, the clerks in the store, institutions, and on and on. Chances are, they have not been totally honest and forthcoming about every aspect of their lives or having to do with their interactions with you.
For example, how did you deal with the fact that your parents lied to you about Santa Claus, or where babies came from, or withheld certain unflattering facts about their lives? Did you divorce them from your lives? Did they stop being your parents? In some rare cases, the answer might be “Yes.”
But, usually, you just dealt with the fact that they weren't perfect and moved on. Maybe your respect for them diminished slightly, but they were still your parents.
This can be applied to every other person or institution in your life.
In short, ALL have sinned and come short of the glory of God. So, how do you reconcile that from the rejection of the Church for committing the same sins and omissions?
If putting liquid cooling pumps, hoses and water inside a highly electrified computer case doesn't seem crazy enough, how about just dunking the whole kit and kaboodle into oil? That's what Intel did with a rack full of servers, and if the oil in question is of the non-conducting mineral kind, it's actually a very chill idea. After a year of testing with Green Revolution Cooling, the chip giant saw some of the best power usage efficiency ratings it's seen, with the oil-cooled PCs easily besting identical, air-cooled units. The company believes more adapted heat sinks could push the gains even further, and affirmed that the technology was safe and didn't affect hardware reliability. Cost savings could be enormous, as server rooms wouldn't need raised floors, air conditioning units or chillers -- if you don't consider oil spills and ruined clothing, of course.
[Image credit: Green Revolution]
At least 50 people were killed and more than 200 were injured in a mass shooting at a Las Vegas music festival Sunday night, marking the deadliest shooting in modern U.S. history. The numbers could fluctuate as the day goes on.
The shooter, who has been named as 64-year-old Stephen Paddock, opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival from the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino at 10:08 p.m, authorities say. Country singer Jason Aldean was playing on stage at the time. Paddock is now dead after an encounter with authorities.
The Las Vegas shooting is now deadlier than last year's attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, which left 50 dead and another 53 injured. The motive behind the Las Vegas assault is not yet known.
Here's a list of the deadliest shootings in recent U.S. history:
More than 50 people, October 1, 2017 A gunman opened fire on a Las Vegas outdoor music festival from the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay hotel; at least 50 were killed and 200 injured. The motive remains unclear.
50 people, June 12, 2016 After a gunman opened fire at a prominent gay club in Orlando early on a Sunday morning, 50 people were killed and 53 injured. Police killed the shooter after he held some locals in the club hostage.
32 people, April 17, 2007 A 23-year-old student at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia killed 32 people in shooting spree in two locations. The shooter, Seung-Hui Cho pre-recorded a video of him ranting about rich “brats” and complaining about being bullied. Cho killed himself on the scene.
27 people, December 14, 2012 20-year-0ld Adam Lanza gunned down 20 children between the ages of 6 and 7 at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, as well as six adults and school staff before killing himself. Lanza committed suicide.
23 people, October 16, 1991 George Hennard crashed his pickup truck through the walls of Luby's Cafeteria, a packed restaurant in Killeen, Texas. The 35-year-old then shot and killed 23 people before killing himself. A former roommate said he hated “blacks, Hispanics, gays” and said women were “snakes.”
21 people, July 18, 1984 A security guard fired from his job entered a McDonald's in San Ysidro, California with a shotgun and killed 21 employees and customers, including children. The guard, 41-year-old James Huberty, was killed by a police sniper an hour after he started shooting.
18 people, August 1, 1966 A 25-year-old former marine, Charles Joseph Whitman, went to the top of a tower at the University of Texas at Austin shortly after killing his wife and mother, and shot and killed 16 people on the campus , wounding 30. He was then killed by a police officer.
14 people, December 2, 2015 Husband-and-wife couple Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik opened fire at an employee gathering in San Bernardino, California, killing 14 people. Both were radicalized in the United States and discussed jihad in private messages to each other.
14 people, August 20, 1986 A part-time mail carrier in Edmond Oklahoma, Patrick Henry Sherrill, armed with three handguns, kills 14 postal workers 10 minutes before killing himself.
13 people, November 5, 2009 Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan killed 13 people and injured 32 in a shooting at Fort Hood, Texas during a shooting rampage. He was caught and sentenced to death.
13 people, April 20, 1999 Students at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado, Eric Harris, 18, and Dylan Klebold, 17, shot and kill 12 other students and a teacher. They committed suicide in the school's library.
13 people, February 18, 1983 Three men robbed 14 people in a gambling club in Seattle, shooting each of them in the head and killing 13. Two of them were were convicted of murder, while the third was convicted of robbery and second-degree assault and deported to Hong Kong in 2014.
13 people, September 25, 1982 40-year-old prison guard and army veteran George Banks killed 13 people in Wilkes-Barr, Pennsylvania, including five of his own children. He was sentenced to death but the ruling was overturned by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court after finding Banks mentally unfit.
13 killed, September 5, 1949 A 28-year-old World War II veteran named Howard Unruh killed 13 people on the street of Camden, New Jersey with a German Luger pistol. He was found insane sent to a mental institution.
12 people, September 16, 2013 James Holmes, a 24-year-old recent neuroscience PhD at the University of Colorado, killed 12 people and wounded 58 in a crowded movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. Holmes is serving life in prison without parole.
12 people, July 29, 1999 44-year-old Mark Barton of Atlanta killed his wife and two children at his Atlanta home, then opened fire in two separate stock brokerage houses, killing nine people and wounding 12.
12 people, September 16, 2013 Aaron Alexis, a 34-year-old former Navy officer shot and killed 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard.
— Julie Shapiro and Sam Frizell contributed to this report.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The iPhone isn't the only handset getting bumped today -- Google's just outed a very, very significant update to the Nexus One that includes Google Goggles on board and a re-upped version of Google Maps that includes suggestions and a dedicated night mode. Much more significantly, though, they've capitulated and enabled multitouch in Browser, Gallery, and Maps -- great news and a big win for the Android community at large. Finally, there are some 3G improvements in there, but you might have to wait a bit -- Google expects to have it rolled out to pretty much everyone toward the end of the week. Seriously though, now that we've gotten that whole multitouch spat cleared up, it's time for Engadget to rally around something else: ridding the world of tiny ninjas, perhaps? Follow the break for a video of the new firmware -- in all its multi-fingered glory -- in action!
Update: ReadWriteWeb's gotten an official statement from Google on the question on everyone's mind: why now? The company says that Android 2.1 "powers a new class of devices" with more horsepower and bigger displays, and "based on these new capabilities and numerous requests from Android users, we decided to provide pinch-to-zoom capabilities with this new over-the-air software update for Nexus One device." This sounds like a total cop-out to us -- HTC got multitouch working just fine on the Hero way back on 1.5 -- so we still think they just got uncomfortable with the noise surrounding the groundswell of demand for it. Of course, that's fine by us -- power to the people, right?
Thousands turn out to support Hillary Clinton in San Antonio
A supporter for Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton holds a sign at a rally on Thursday, Oct. 15, 2015 at Sunset Station in San Antonio. A supporter for Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton holds a sign at a rally on Thursday, Oct. 15, 2015 at Sunset Station in San Antonio. Photo: BOB OWEN, San Antonio Express-News Photo: BOB OWEN, San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 88 Captions Close Thousands turn out to support Hillary Clinton in San Antonio 1 / 88 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO – Thousands of hardcore Hillary Clinton supporters packed into Sunset Station Thursday for the presidential frontrunner's first visit in years to the Alamo City.
Introduced and endorsed by former Mayor Julián Castro, Clinton said she is seeking the Democratic nomination and presidency so she can work for everyday Americans. She worked to woo the Latino crowd at the event. Signs around the venue displayed an artistic photo of the candidate with "La Hillary" emblazoned across the bottom.
RELATED: 70-year-old woman shaves Hillary Clinton's face into the back of her head in San Antonio
Clinton chided the GOP for its divisive rhetoric, such as "anchor babies," and said that Latinos "are our neighbors, our friends our families."
Applause and cheers erupted from the crowd on Clinton's first mention of President Barack Obama and what she said he's done for the country since being elected in 2008.
As Clinton spoke, protesters in the back of the venue jeered the candidate, though it wasn't clear exactly what they were saying.
See live tweets from the event below:
jbaugh@express-news.net
Twitter: @jbaugh
Jon Potter owns awwpictures.com, which purports to have "all the best cute pictures around," but he's also in charge of running the AirBnb page for the tent outside his parents home in the Monta Loma neighborhood of Mountain View, California, near the Google campus. He's charging $46 a night, or $900 a month, for a spot in the not-so-spacious 7 x 9 Coleman tent sitting in the backyard.
"Indeed, it is preposterous," Potter told Fusion, "because there aren't a lot of places people would consider paying that much. I've also had had people ask for a discount if they bring their own camping stuff. I have not followed through on that."
Preposterous though it may be, it's a reality the market apparently dictates. There's hardly anywhere in Mountain View for folks to stay, he told Fusion, and so he and his parents joked one day they should just rent out a tent in the backyard. Soon after, it wasn't much of a joke. At first, they listed the tent at about $20 a night, but there were so many requests that Potter needed to bump up the price.
He kept bumping it up, and even at $46 a night, there are so many requests he needs to turn people down. He estimates that more than half the residents of the tent are tech industry workers needing a place to stay for a night or two while they look for housing.
Advertisement
The AirBnb page for tent boasts enviable accommodations, including "one shower everyday," as well as the opportunity "to eat inside." Potter hasn't had any issues with residents trying to abuse their shower privileges, he tells Fusion. "I haven't had any issues with that," Potter says.
Michael Rosen is a reporter for Fusion based out of Oakland.
CHAIRMAN of the Public Accounts Committee (Pac) John McGuinness has said he finds it utterly inconceivable that there is no record of crucial notes or minutes of meetings where former Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan and ex-Taoiseach Brian Cowen delivered frank assessments of the Department of Finance whose failings helped bankrupt the country.
CHAIRMAN of the Public Accounts Committee (Pac) John McGuinness has said he finds it utterly inconceivable that there is no record of crucial notes or minutes of meetings where former Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan and ex-Taoiseach Brian Cowen delivered frank assessments of the Department of Finance whose failings helped bankrupt the country.
After almost two-year Freedom of Information battle, department officials have claimed there are "no records" of meetings that went on for hours between Mr Cowen and Mr Lenihan and a panel led by Rob Wright -- a former deputy minister for finance in Canada -- into why the department failed to prevent Ireland's financial Armageddon.
Kevin Cardiff, the department's then secretary general who was in charge of banking during the boom, has claimed that he had "no formal meetings" with the Wright commission and he kept no notes of informal ones. The department admits its records show Mr Cardiff was due to meet Mr Wright on both August 9, 2010, and August 10, 2010, but has no records of what may have been said.
"It is totally beyond credibility that no records of these meetings exist," Mr McGuinness said. "These were high-level meetings relating to the biggest decisions in the State's history. We are expected to believe that Kevin Cardiff was the head of banking, and no notes. Brian Lenihan was the Minister for Finance and we're told there are no notes.
"Brian Cowen was the Taoiseach and we are told there are no notes. Someone somewhere has a record of those meetings.
"When Kevin Cardiff was before the Pac, he was able to recall documents and emails instantly before our eyes to do with the €3.6bn error and redact sections. It is not credible that notes or records don't exist, or at least did exist at some stage," he said.
"Wright's report, which he produced in 2010, was described as 'thorough' by Lenihan but it has now emerged the Wright panel never interviewed former Taoiseach and Minister for Finance Bertie Ahern, the man arguably most responsible for our collapse.
The Sunday Independent spoke to three senior sources who spoke to Mr Lenihan many times during his time as Minister for Finance to try to gauge what he might have said.
They all said Mr Lenihan told them that he had "serious concerns" about some senior officials in his own department.
"Brian wasn't impressed by his officials and distrusted some of them," said a source who knew Mr Lenihan well.
"His view was there were officials who worked incredibly hard during the crisis but there were also other senior civil servants who were more concerned with protecting their own asses than the country."
Things got so bad, the sources said, Mr Lenihan held many crucial meetings with senior banking and business figures in the run up to the bank guarantee outside the walls of the department in order to prevent damaging leaks of his real fears.
Mr McGuinness, who is fighting to be allowed hold a bank inquiry, said it was vital that clarity emerged about what Mr Lenihan, Mr Cowen and Mr Cardiff told Mr Wright.
He said he could only do so if given the power to do so by Minister for Public Expenditure Brendan Howlin.
Mr McGuinness accused the Mr Howlin of abandoning his promise as there is no mention of it in the list of proposed legislation for this new Dail term.
Mr McGuinness said only a full independent inquiry as proposed earlier this year by the PAC will have the power to discover all relevant documents relating to the night of the bank guarantee, the decision to nationalise Anglo Irish Bank and the decision to establish Nama.
Sunday Indo Business
Support Independence Park, and activities like its 4th of July Parade, by casting a vote in Coca-Cola's "America Is Your Park" contest. View Full Caption Facebook/Independence Park Advisory Council
IRVING PARK — Independence Park is counting on Chicagoans to vote early and often in Coca-Cola's "America Is Your Park" contest, with a shot at a $100,000 grant for park improvements on the line.
The top vote-getter in the challenge nabs the $100,000 first prize, with $50,000 going to second place, $25,000 to third place and a $15,000 "wild card" grant awarded at random to a park ranked between fourth and 25th.
Independence Park, 3945 N. Springfield Ave., is currently sitting in 23rd place, just shy of 5,000 votes, with a shot at a wild card win. Chicagoans have their work cut out for them for the park to have any hopes of catching the leader — Veterans Memorial Park in Moore, Okla. — which is running away with the contest at more than 450,000 votes.
To support Independence Park, click here to cast a single vote. Earn five votes by checking in at the park using Foursquare, or 10 votes by getting active at the park using MapMyFitness.
Voting ends at 10:59 p.m. Central time on July 15.
Arsenal boss Wenger is warned he can't flash cash again
Arsene Wenger has been warned that Arsenal will not spend their way out of trouble in the January transfer window.
Gunners chief executive Ivan Gazidis insists failing to qualify for next season's Champions League will not spell financial ruin for the club, who are languishing in 15th place in the Barclays Premier League — already eight points adrift of a top-four place.
Safe hands: Ivan Gazidis (left) says Arsenal have a sound business model
And Gazidis says Arsenal will not break the bank in January to pursue the Champions League spots.
After losing Cesc Fabregas, Samir Nasri and Gael Clichy in the summer, Wenger went on an unfamiliar spurge, spending an initial £12million on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, £10m on Mikel Arteta, £8m on Per Mertesacker and £7m on Andre Santos to add to the £10.5m he had already spent on Gervinho.
But Gazidis said he would not be doing the same in January.
‘Will we spend more in the next window? No. No more so,' said the chief executive. ‘We are always under pressure to spend and recent results have not changed that.
‘Every club have the temptation to think money is the answer to issues. That is what drives the cycle of spending that you see in the game and that is by no means always successful.
‘It relieves pressure for a while but it builds long-term pressure in other ways. We will continue to act with discipline to make sure we have a good short and long-term future.'
Big money: Arsenal spent an initial £12million on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Gazidis refused to comment on Robin van Persie's future after the Holland striker said he had no intention of starting talks over a new deal, despite the club's wish to do so.
Whether Van Persie, whose contract ends in 2013, decides to sign again depends on whether the Gunners can qualify for Europe's elite competition next season. Missing out on Champions League football would carry a hefty financial hit for the Gunners.
But Gazidis, speaking at the Leaders in Football conference at Stamford Bridge, said: ‘We would rather qualify but we have got a really stable model that can cope without that money. Not just cope but do well and compete.
‘It would be very foolish to build a business model that relies on being in the Champions League in perpetuity. I don't think any clubs do that. If they do, they probably aren't being run as responsibly as they should be.'
Mertesacker admits he is having communication problems at Arsenal and said it is no surprise they have endured a slow start to the season.
The Germany defender said Wenger's new-look side were always going to take time to gel.
‘I've only been gone a month from Germany. I have not yet properly acclimatised,' he told the German Football Association website.
In the wake of the backpacker's kidnapping and sexual assault ordeal in Queensland, the mother of murdered British backpacker Mia Ayliffe-Chung has come out and said Australia must do more to ensure the safety of tourists in remote areas.
Rosie Ayliffe said she was horrified about the news about the recent attack, in which a man is alleged to have raped and assaulted a British backpacker over the course of two months, most of which took place during a road trip.
“I imagine her family is traumatised by this. It's absolutely awful, it's so frightening what they must be going through,” she said.
Though Ayliffe said that “on the whole, statistically speaking, Australia is safe for travellers,” she pointed to the system by which backpackers are expected to perform 88 days of agricultural labour to maintain their visa as a system which needs more safety oversight.
In the UK, this would involve safety checks and stringent laws related to any accommodation involved in running that program. As the Australian Government is aware, the appropriate checks and balances are not in place in Australia.
She said that because the program is established by the Australian Government, they should be expected to “absorb or at least minimise the risks on that program.”
Queensland Tourism Industry Council CEO Daniel Gschwind said that backpackers and tourists should still feel safe in the state. He rejects the assertion that this woman was targeted because she was a backpacker.
I think this is less about the fact that she was a backpacker and more about the fact that she was a woman that apparently found herself in a vulnerable situation. We don't want to frighten everybody but we have to of course always be aware of the circumstances and make sure that we have company that we can trust when we go to places that we're not familiar with.
Source: ABC.
Photo: Facebook.
A vinyl mix we threw together quite a while ago, had completely forgotten we recorded it!
Download Link- http://www.sendspace.com/file/opdfq6
Tracklist:
1. Dj Rum- The Antidote
2. Phaeleh- Caustic Storm
3. J:Kenzo- The Roteks
4. DJ Madd - Secrets
5. Deleted Scenes- Stutter
6. Low- The Key
7. Dj Madd- Ritual (Phaeleh Remix)
8. Breakage- Higher
9. Seven- Wait
10. Untold - I Can't Stop This Feeling (Pangaea remix)
11. Pariah- Orpheus
12. Headhunter- Experience
13. Data- perception
14. DJ Madd - Dubmarine (Kryptic Minds remix)
15. Clouds - Protecting Hands (Geiom Remix)
16. Deleted Scenes - Terminate
17. 16 Bit- Shallow
18. Freeze and LX One- Forseen
19. Pinch- Swish
20. Dj Madd- Good Old Days
21. L Ow- One Chance
22. Jack Sparrow- Terminal
23. Vex'd- 3rd Choice (Loefah Remix)
24. Dj Madd & Chris SU- No Respect
25. Mala - Don't Let Me Go
In the Indian city of Udaipur, flat roofs become places for living, yoga, laundry. Credit:iStock
Job done, she towels the kid, wraps her in a soft rose-coloured sarong and sets her happily in the sun to dry. Two or three times during the process the woman gives us a shy smile. She knows we're there, watching, but there's no sense that we shouldn't be, or that she shouldn't be living her life in full view of the world. It is what it is, simple and dignified, and we are all part of it.
Down in the populous street, samesame. Our friend in Bundi takes us for the best marsala chai in town. It's a slow preparation, from scratch, with pepper, ginger and cardamom ground by hand on the stone floor, all of a metre from an open drain. It's not a sewer, nothing noxious, but the entire shop is perhaps 2m x 4m and we, four of us, are in back. With the chai wallah and a couple of visiting Brahmin that makes seven, so the business of cooking, spectating, serving and drinking becomes an ancient ritualised dance, every move within an elegant loose-weave pattern.
Across the narrow street, a man makes bespoke suits. He lays out the pattern and cuts the fine cloth not just in view of the street, but actually in it. His shop is a five-sided turquoise-painted cube that frames him and his ancient Singer treadle machine like a gallery image. Next door, a carpenter makes faux-old (but actually rather nice) tables, again much of it in the street. Next again, a barber. The high-chroma stream of pedestrians diverts around them, oblivious to the torrent of tuk-tuks and taxis and five-to-a-bike mopeds that simply, somehow, accommodate. It's mad, it's unregulated, and somehow it works – not just in terms of utility, but in generating a deadpan warmth in which the chaos of life is uncomplainingly held. Proximity generates care.
And yes, of course, it's India – so along with the charm, there's the dust and heat, the street dogs and pigs, the long-horn cattle and not-quite-lost-but-certainly-not-won battle with entropy. But I can't help wondering – why is such charm impossible in Sydney? Why is intricacy anathema?
MarsScientific.com / Clay Center Observatory Cold oxidizer streams from the back of SpaceShipTwo's engine during an unpowered test flight on April 12. Richard Branson, the billionaire founder of Virgin Galactic, says the rocket plane could go supersonic when its engine is lit up for the first time in flight, as early as Monday.
Virgin Galactic's billionaire founder, Richard Branson, says his company is planning to fire up SpaceShipTwo's rocket engine for the first time in flight on Monday — a "historic" blast that is expected to send the space plane supersonic.
"We're hoping to break the sound barrier," Branson told the Las Vegas Sun. "That's planned Monday. It will be a historic day. This is going to be Virgin Galactic's year. We'll break the sound barrier Monday, and from there, we build up through the rest of the year, finally going into space near the end of the year. I'll be on the first official flight, which we look to have in the first quarter of next year. We're doing a number of test flights into space first."
Branson made his comments on Monday during a visit to kick off Virgin America's airline service to Las Vegas. In just one paragraph, the British entrepreneur and adventurer capped off weeks of rumors and laid out a new timeline for starting up passenger flights to outer space.
SpaceShipTwo builds on the heritage of SpaceShipOne, which powered its pilots beyond the 100-kilometer (62-mile) altitude mark in 2004 to win the $10 million Ansari X Prize for private-sector spaceflight. SpaceShipOne is now hanging in the Smithsonian, but SpaceShipTwo has been under development for years at Scaled Composites in Mojave, Calif. Scaled has been conducting a series of unpowered tests at the Mojave Air and Spaceport. During an April 12 "cold flow" flight test, Scaled's pilots rehearsed every step for a powered flight, short of lighting up the hybrid rocket engine.
So far, SpaceShipTwo has been attached to the belly of its WhiteKnightTwo mothership, carried up to altitudes of around 50,000 feet and then dropped into the air to make a glider-like landing. During powered tests, SpaceShipTwo's engine will be lit up after the drop. The rocket plane will make a spectacular blast into the heavens and then glide back to the runway.
"We've experienced about a year's worth of vertical flight tests and captive-carry flight tests by a number of tenants, and now we're entering the phase of manned research flights," Stuart Witt, CEO of the Mojave Air and Spaceport, told NBC News. "We're excited about that: The industry has been waiting for this for a long time – since 2004."
Virgin Galactic's CEO and president, George Whitesides, stressed that the test schedule was dependent on several factors, including the weather. He said the first rocket-powered test could easily slip to a later time.
Like Branson, Whitesides said the first powered flight, known as PF01, would be merely the first step in the next phase of testing. "PF01 will be the start of a series of increasingly longer-duration burns (PF02, PF03, etc.) that should lead us to space altitude before the end of the year and commercial ops start soon after that," he said in an email to NBC News.
Virgin Galactic plans to conduct commercial spaceflights from Spaceport America in New Mexico, with passengers charged $200,000 for a ride. More than 500 customers have already put money down for flights. The passengers would experience breathtaking views of the curving Earth beneath the black sky of space, go weightless for a few minutes and then strap themselves back in for a powerful plunge back to the runway.
The first supersonic flight of a new spaceship isn't always auspicious: When SpaceShipOne came in for a landing in Mojave after breaking the sound barrier for the first time on Dec. 17, 2003, its left landing gear collapsed and the plane ran off the runway. Fortunately, no major damage was done, and pilot Brian Binnie was unhurt. Binnie went on to fly SpaceShipOne into space on Oct. 4, 2004, to win the $10 million prize.
Blue Origin, a rocket venture backed by Amazon.com billionaire Jeff Bezos, put its prototype spacecraft through its first unmanned supersonic flight at a Texas rocket range in August 2011 — but the company said the craft had to be destroyed when it experienced a "flight instability" at an altitude of 45,000 feet. Blue Origin recovered from that setback and is continuing to work on suborbital as well as orbital spacecraft.
Alan Boyle is NBCNews.com's science editor. Connect with the Cosmic Log community by "liking" the log's Facebook page, following @b0yle on Twitter and adding the Cosmic Log page to your Google+ presence. To keep up with Cosmic Log as well as NBCNews.com's other stories about science and space, sign up for the Tech & Science newsletter, delivered to your email inbox every weekday. You can also check out "The Case for Pluto," my book about the controversial dwarf planet and the search for new worlds.
Former U.S. Olympian Demetrius Andrade and Jack Culcay have agreed to terms to fight on Nov. 5 in Potsdam, Germany for Culcay's secondary junior middleweight title, though it won't be on Showtime because the network doesn't want to go up against Manny Pacquiao's return on the same day, Andrade co-promoter Artie Pelullo told RingTV.com on Thursday.
The contracts are being finalized and Pelullo expects them to be signed in the next couple of days. “The fight is 100% a go,” Pelullo said in a phone interview. “The fight is 100% a go. The deal is done.”
Culcay's promoter, Sauerland Event won a purse bid in August at the WBA's Panama offices with an offer of $425,144 compared to Banner Promotions bid of $201,000. The minimum offer was $150,000 with 75 percent going to the titleholder and 25 percent to the opponent.
Showtime, which has strong interest in Andrade's future on the network, will not broadcast the fight because it's on the same day as Pacquiao's return against Jessie Vargas, Pelullo said. “Showtime doesn't want to do a fight on that day because it's Pacquiao,” said Pelullo, who added the goal for the fight is to be shown on another U.S. network, which hasn't been identified yet. “I know Sauerland wants to put it on some kind of American medium,” said Pelullo, president of Banner Promotions, who promotes Andrade with Joe DeGuardia's Star Boxing. “I know it's going to happen.”
Andrade (23-0, 16 knockouts) already handily beat Culcay (22-1, 11 KOs) in the amateurs in the quarterfinals of the 2007 World Championships. Pelullo hopes a second win against Culcay is a springboard for bigger fights to come for the talented Andrade. Pelullo hopes to see the 28-year-old southpaw back on Showtime in the first quarter of 2017.
“After the fight he comes back to the United States and it gives him a bigger position at 154 and 160,” Pelullo said. “He's now a two-time junior middleweight world champion and he'll bring something to the table when there's a Canelo or Golovkin fight. And there will be fights like that. Or one of the Charlo brothers. It will be a meaningful fight for him because now he's a champion again.”
Struggling to locate a copy of RING magazine? Try here or…
SUBSCRIBE
You can subscribe to the print and digital editions of RING magazine by clicking the banner or here. You can also order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page. On the cover this month: Sugar Ray Leonard
No posts found.
On the steps of the Irish Embassy in London on Saturday, hundreds gathered to hear the words of Irish activists, alongside chants—“Get your rosaries of my ovaries!”—poetry, and speeches. It was a rally in opposition to Ireland's abortion bans, which are among the strictest in Europe. Women face up to 14 years in jail for terminating a pregnancy in the Republic of Ireland; across the border in Northern Ireland, the sentence can be life in prison. The protest was one of more than 20 that day in cities around the world, held in solidarity with the sixth annual March for Choice held in Dublin, which attracted thousands. The crowd was young, with most attendees ranging in age from early 20s to mid-30s, and optimistic in mood; last week, on September 26, it was announced that Ireland will hold a referendum on the question, with voters deciding whether or not to legalize abortion this coming May.
The rallies were organized by a grassroots abortion rights organizations, with aims to repeal the Eighth Amendment of the Irish Constitution. They've been boosted along by national efforts to reform Ireland's constitution, with direct input from citizens. Passed with a popular vote of nearly 67 percent in 1983, the Eighth Amendment outlines that the Irish State “acknowledges the right to life of the unborn.” The amendment is a ban on abortion, and though there are some exceptions and selective enforcement, it amounts to a complete ban. Exceptions aren't always made to save the life of the mother: Anti-amendment activists say that the Eighth Amendment places higher importance on the life of an fetus than on that of the woman carrying it.
There's some evidence that the law does just that. A watershed moment for pro-choice movement in Ireland was the death of Savita Halappanavar, a 31-year-old dentist from India who died in October 2012, at University Hospital Galway, due to complications of a septic miscarriage at 17 weeks. Ms. Halappanavar and her husband had requested an abortion upon learning that miscarriage was inevitable, but they were told that this was not possible, due to Ireland being “a Catholic country.” Medically, her death was entirely avoidable; politically, it became a lightening rod for issues of misogyny, bodily autonomy, and personal rights in the country. Halappanavar's death brought global attention to Ireland's extreme abortion laws and played a key part in mobilizing pro-choice sentiment there. For the first time in decades, a re-examining of the Eighth Amendment became politically feasible.
This moment has been a long time coming. Mrs. Halappanavar's death was the first in a string of high profile forced pregnancy cases that enraged the public. In 2014, Ms. Y, an asylum seeker, arrived in the Republic of Ireland from abroad. Stating she was pregnant due to having been raped in her home country, she sought an abortion, asserting suicidal feelings. The Irish people voted to make suicide risk a viable cause for a legal abortion in 1992, but Ms. Y's request was denied. She travelled to the UK to procure an abortion, but was arrested for illegally entering the country.
BERLIN -- Two years ago, Maciej Kirschenbaum decided that he wanted to become a rabbi. And if the young Pole's career choice was unusual, his choice of a place to train was even more so: Germany.
"I'm European, so I wanted to train at a rabbinical seminary in Europe, not the United States or Israel," Kirschenbaum tells RFE/RL. "Some people may say, 'Germany is a country of perpetrators,' but that doesn't convince me. That's exactly why you have to come here and help rebuild Jewish life."
There is, in fact, a lot of rebuilding going on.
Since 1990, some 220,000 Jews from the former Soviet Union have moved to Germany, multiplying its 1990 Jewish population of around 30,000, and about 100,000 people are active in Jewish congregations.
The sharp increase has brought Germany's Jewish population to about half of what it was before the Holocaust. A census conducted in 1933, the year Adolf Hitler came to power, put it at 500,000.
"A hundred years ago this country was full of synagogues," notes Sarah Serebrinski, director of the Berliner Rabbinerseminar, an Orthodox Jewish seminary. "Now that's coming back."
The Rabbinerseminar is a case in point: It belongs to a 100-year-old synagogue that was converted into a cosmetics factory during the Cold War, when it was in East Berlin -- part of communist East Germany -- and has been returned to its original purpose.
Rabbis Needed, Badly
There's just one problem: There aren't enough rabbis.
"There's a huge demand for rabbis here because most of the recently arrived Jews don't know much about Judaism," says Benjamin Kochan, a 26-year-old from the Russian city of Yaroslavl, some 250 kilometers northeast of Moscow.
"I understand their situation, because I used to be like that myself. In Russia, my family knew nothing about what it means to be Jewish. That only happened after we moved to Germany," adds Kochan, who is now studying at the Rabbinerseminar.
"Our students grew up in the former Soviet Union," Rabbi Moishe Halpern, the seminary's spiritual leader, says. "They're Jewish, but before coming to Germany they didn't read Hebrew!"
The six-year-old Rabbinerseminar recently graduated its first students, and on a morning this month, its current crop of 11 were conducting a class, conversing in Hebrew, Russian, English, and German. In the wardrobe outside, they had parked their black coats and distinctive wide-brimmed black hats.
"I want to help Judaism play a role in people's lives," says Shlomo Sajatz, a student born in the Ukrainian city of Dnipropetrovsk. "Jewish life should be more than something they know from the movies."
After World War II, no rabbis were trained in Germany: there were no seminaries. That changed in 1999, when the liberal Abraham Geiger College became continental Europe's first new rabbi and cantor seminary since the Holocaust. It has since graduated 31 rabbis.
This academic year, Abraham Geiger College was joined by the conservative Zacharias Frankel College. Both seminaries, part of the University of Potsdam just outside Berlin, also offer academic degree courses.
"It's great to be able to get my training here," says Sonja Pilz, an Abraham Geiger College rabbinical student. "Twenty years ago, I'd have had to go abroad." Pilz, one of the college's few German students, is also about to complete her PhD in Jewish studies there.
Students Supported, Rabbis Not So Much
People are coming here from all over the world. The student body at the Abraham Geiger College includes Russians, Hungarians, Poles, Americans, and Israelis, among others. At the Rabbinerseminar, Serebrinski reports receiving inquiries from prospective students in Britain, for decades a destination for rabbis-in-training.
"German Jewish culture was very vibrant," says Amnon Selig, a fifth-year Israeli cantor student here. "Their cantors composed music and adapted music to the synagogue. Right now there aren't many jobs for cantors, but everything is being built up. I've made the conscious decision to move here and stay."
Finances add to the German seminaries' attractiveness. The German government underwrites the Abraham Geiger and Zacharias Frankel colleges, and the Rabbinerseminar receives funding from both the state and private donors, including the U.S.-based Ronald S. Lauder Foundation. Many students do not have to pay for accommodation.
"There aren't that many seminaries, and there are even fewer ones for women, so Germany is a good opportunity", says Natalya Verzhebovska, a Muscovite who's studying for the rabbinate at Abraham Geiger College. "And liberal Judaism originated in Germany."
But for Sonja Pilz, financial reality beckons when she's ordained on August 31. With Jewish congregations still building themselves up, most can't afford a full-time rabbi, and many clerics have to combine several congregations or have a secular job on the side. "One works as a tax adviser," she says. And many of the students don't intend to stay in Germany. Four Abraham Geiger graduates now serve congregations in South Africa.
Seventy years after the Holocaust, Germany is not immune from the anti-Semitism seen elsewhere in Europe.
But Anita Kantor, an Abraham Geiger student from Budapest, says that being a foreign-born rabbinical student in Germany is in fact an advantage. "My job is to answer questions and make people comfortable with us," she says.
William Wolff, a Berlin-born Jew who left for Britain with his parents in 1933 and had a long career as a newspaperman there, says that "Germany today is Europe's most Jewish-friendly country." He now serves as a liberal rabbi in his native country.
Max Feldhake, an Abraham Geiger student from Phoenix, Arizona, says his experience has been positive. "I walk through Dresden and Berlin wearing a kippa," he says. "Nothing has ever happened to me."
Shutterstock
The group behind a provocative contest for cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad that led to a deadly shooting in Texas earlier this month has submitted the winning image to run as an advertisement on Washington, D.C., public transportation.
The American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI), a conservative group behind some controversial ad campaigns, wants to plaster the image of the Prophet Muhammad on the side of Metrobuses and in train stations.
Pamela Geller, founder of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, submitted the the winning cartoon from the “Draw Muhammad” event to the Washington, D.C., Transit Authority.
"There is nothing about this cartoon that incites violence. It is within the established American tradition of satire. If America surrenders on this point, the freedom of speech is a relic of history,” Geller said.
Metro riders News4 spoke with had mixed opinions about the idea.
"I know it is a First Amendment issue, but I also know pictures of the Prophet Muhammad are considered disrespectful to Muslims,” one rider said.
"The First Amendment is absolute,” another said.
"We are aware that an ad has been submitted,” Metro spokesman Dan Stessel said in a statement. “It is going through a review process and has not yet been approved for our system."
The American Freedom Defense Initiative has run controversial ads on subways and buses in other cities across the country as well — among them Chicago, Philadelphia and San Francisco. In 2012, they were able to get another poster deemed offensive to Muslims on D.C.'s Metro.
Geller and the group were in the news recently, when the nation's largest mass transit system voted to ban all political ads on New York City subways and buses, following the group's legal battle to display "Hamas Killing Jews" ads on buses.
The AFDI is listed as an anti-Muslim hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
The New York Jets haven't had a flashy off-season but that doesn't mean it hasn't been productive. There has been measured progress at a variety of positions but the most notable infusion of talent has occurred at running back. Plodding Shonn Greene was wisely allowed to leave in free agency and in his place the Jets added a duo of backs with immensely high potential, Chris Ivory and Mike Goodson. We've sung the praises of both here at TOJ but we wanted to dig a little deeper into the reasons for our excitement, so we sought out Pro Football Focus and a handful of writers who previously covered Ivory and Goodson. Let's take a closer look…
Ivory projects to be the starting back so we'll begin with him. In his rookie year (2010), Ivory climbed to the top of a New Orleans Saints depth chart ravaged by injuries and burst on the scene with 137 carries for 716 yards, at a whopping 5.2 yards per carry. Unfortunately, he ended the season on the injured reserve with a foot problem which carried through into the following year as he started the season on the PUP list. After being activated, Ivory had 79 carries for 374 yards at 4.7 yards per carry. Last year, his role diminished further as he only had 40 carries but still managed to rack up 217 yards at 5.4 yards per carry.
A violent, physical runner with the ability and speed to rip off big plays (6 career runs of 25 yards or more), Ivory has shown starter's talent since entering the league but was perpetually in a crowded backfield in New Orleans. The negatives with Ivory are his lack of experience in the passing game (he only has 3 career NFL receptions and was rarely used on passing downs by the Saints) and his durability. He was banged up throughout his college year and had struggled with injuries throughout his 1st and 2nd season in New Orleans. Yet, if Ivory can stay on the field there is no reason he shouldn't be highly productive behind a good run blocking Jets offensive line.
I reached out to Sam Monson, Senior Analyst at Pro Football Focus about Ivory's prospects with the Jets and he had the following to say –
Chris Ivory has always been at or near the top of our Elusive Rating, which combines missed tackles forced per touch and yards per carry after contact, but he rarely if ever makes the threshold in terms of touches to be included in the final study lists.
I think there is little to no doubt that Ivory is one of the most gifted natural runners in the league. The question mark with him is can he be on the field for passing downs. The Saints either didn't think so or weren't willing to give him the snaps over guys like Sproles, Thomas and Ingram, because almost all of his snaps were running snaps. So as a featured runner the Jets need to find out if he can pass block and if he can be a viable receiver out of the backfield if they intend to use him as a complete back, but even if they just expand the role he had on the Saints he should be a HUGE upgrade over Greene.
If you were thinking of rolling your eyes at the “one of the most gifted natural runners in the league” comment, watch the run starting at 31 seconds in this video package from last season.
I also briefly spoke with Chris Roling, the managing editor of Who Dat Dish which covers the New Orleans Saints. When asked if Ivory had the traits of a lead back and how Saints fans felt about trading him, Roling said –
He has everything you look for in a workhorse back, especially as a tough runner. His only issue is he has battled with injuries throughout his career. It's hard to tell how his body will hold up as the featured back thanks to his physical running style
Ivory wasn't that productive with the team because he was the 4th on the depth chart. He also isn't very good at catching passes, which is a big no-no in the Saints offense. His lack of productivity is part of the reason the team was willing to part with him. The fan base is a bit split on the trade, but most realize it was a smart move to get another pick to put toward rebuilding the defense.
Ivory does still need to prove himself as a lead back in the NFL but he will be given that opportunity in New York and provides a substantially higher ceiling and more running talent than Shonn Greene. He won't be asked to carry the load alone though and may not need to have a large role on passing downs thanks to the Jets signing of Mike Goodson.
We broke down tape on Goodson here. Similar to Ivory, he has been stuck in crowded backfields his whole career. After minimal use during his rookie season in Carolina, Goodson received extended work in 2010 due to injuries on the Panthers and finished with 452 yards on 103 carries, for 4.4 yards per carry. He also racked up 40 receptions for 310 yards that season. After barely being used in 2011 behind DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart, he was traded to Oakland. Last year for the Raiders, he had 35 carries for 221 yards (6.3 yards per carry) and 16 receptions for 195 yards, including this 64 yard touchdown against the Miami Dolphins.
Despite only having 51 touches last season in Oakland, Goodson had four plays over forty yards. In 2010, there were two games he received 20 carries or more and in both games he went over 100 yards. Goodson did have some fumbling issues in Carolina and many questions whether he has the size to handle extended work over the course of a season. Yet, with Ivory in the fold, Goodson won't need to be a workhorse back in New York. When discussing Goodson with Monson from PFF, he commented
Mike Goodson has a wonderful ability to make people miss, but it can come at the expense of just ‘hitting it up in there' and getting three yards. Think of him as a very poor man's Barry Sanders in that regard. (Behind Ivory) expect Goodson to act as more of a 3rd down back, taking the passing plays, the draw runs on passing downs and playing pass protector.
I also spoke with Levi Damien of Silver and Black Pride which covers the Oakland Raiders about Goodson, his time with the Raiders and thoughts on his potential with the Jets
He was very good when he played, as evidenced by his 6.3 yards per carry average. He started out slow because of a big hit he took in camp that had him taken to the hospital in an ambulance. Once he got his confidence back, he was great. He was known for having fumbling problems when he came to the Raiders but he seemed to have fixed that issue. Raiders fans were a bit frustrated to see him go, yes. He was a great change up scat back for Darren McFadden. The one thing is, he is a great fit for the zone blocking scheme which the Raiders ran last season, but the team has switched back to power blocking so the Raiders not making a push to bring him back may have had something to do with them thinking he wasn't a fit for their new offense.
He has the skill set and talent (to be a 3rd down back and 1B option) but he may not have the durability. He is very small both in stature and in bulk which limits the punishment he can take. I see him as always having a complementary role in an offense much like Darren Sproles has had his entire career. He will offer a burst of speed an energy off the bench or in a two back set.
Included for further reference on the two backs is a table sent over by Ben Stockwell from Pro Football Focus, breaking down the reps they took on the field and their elusive rating. (For further information on the elusive rating click here)
As you can see, the potential of a Ivory/Goodson duo likely has new offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg ecstatic. If healthy, Ivory should be a bell-cow back taking the bulk of carries on early downs, while Goodson is the third down back and contributes on passing downs and for certain outside handoffs or stretch plays. In terms of talent, both exceed Bilal Powell substantially who should fall into the role of a swing backup. Monson believed that Powell “probably would spell Ivory rather than Goodson when he needs a rest on early downs” which is likely true, although Powell did get third down back experience last year and could fill in for Goodson if needed. As for Joe McKnight, it wouldn't be shocking to see him not make the final 53-man roster especially with the Jets now kicking the tires on Josh Cribbs, who would bump him out of his kick return role.
With the additions of Ivory and Goodson and a quality run blocking offensive line in place, the Jets could very well have their best rushing attack since 2009. A strong running game coupled with a standard Rex Ryan defense could allow the Jets to be more competitive than many expect them to in 2012.
Related
*The Qur'an : Revealed to Prophet Muhammad during the period from 610-632 AC. The first five verses revealed are: (1) Read in the name of your Lord, Who created. (2) Created man out of a clot that clings (in the womb). (3) Read and your Lord is the Most Bountiful. (4) Who taught by the pen. (5) Taught man that which he knew not.
All those who listen to me shall pass on my words to others and those to others again; and may the last ones understand my words better than those who listen to me directly. Be my witness O God, that I have conveyed your message to your people.
O People, NO PROPHET OR MESSENGER WILL COME AFTER ME AND NO NEW FAITH WILL BE BORN. Reason well, therefore, O People, and understand words which I convey to you. I am leaving you with the Book of God (the QUR'AN*) and my SUNNAH (the lifestyle and the behavioral mode of the Prophet), if you follow them you will never go astray.
Remember, one day you will appear before God (The Creator) and you will answer for your deeds. So beware, do not stray from the path of righteousness after I am gone.
All mankind is from Adam and Eve, an Arab has no superiority over a non-Arab nor a non-Arab has any superiority over an Arab; also a white has no superiority over a black nor a black has any superiority over white except by piety and good action. Learn that every Muslim is a brother to every Muslim and that the Muslims constitute one brotherhood. Nothing shall be legitimate to a Muslim which belongs to a fellow Muslim unless it was given freely and willingly. Do not, therefore, do injustice to yourselves.
O People, listen to me in earnest, worship God (The One Creator of the Universe), perform your five daily prayers ( Salah ), fast during the month of Ramadan, and give your financial obligation (zakah) of your wealth. Perform Hajj if you can afford to.
O People, it is true that you have certain rights over your women, but they also have rights over you. Remember that you have taken them as your wives only under God's trust and with His permission. If they abide by your right then to them belongs the right to be fed and clothed in kindness. Treat your women well and be kind to them, for they are your partners and committed helpers. It is your right and they do not make friends with anyone of whom you do not approve, as well as never to be unchaste...
O Men, the Unbelievers indulge in tampering with the calendar in order to make permissible that which God forbade, and to forbid that which God has made permissible. With God the months are twelve in number. Four of them are sacred, three of these are successive and one occurs singly between the months of Jumada and Sha`ban. Beware of the devil, for the safety of your religion. He has lost all hope that he will ever be able to lead you astray in big things, so beware of following him in small things.
Every right arising out of homicide in pre-Islamic days is henceforth waived and the first such right that I waive is that arising from the murder of Rabi`ah ibn al Harith ibn `Abd al Muttalib.
O People, just as you regard this month, this day, this city as Sacred, so regard the life and property of every Muslim as a sacred trust. Return the goods entrusted to you to their rightful owners. Treat others justly so that no one would be unjust to you. Remember that you will indeed meet your LORD, and that HE will indeed reckon your deeds. God has forbidden you to take usury (riba) , therefore all riba obligation shall henceforth be waived. Your capital , however, is yours to keep. You will neither inflict nor suffer inequity. God has judged that there shall be no riba and that all the riba due to `Abbas ibn `Abd al Muttalib shall henceforth be waived.
The Last Sermon Confirms the Main Points from the Quran by Shahid Athar, M. D.
"Oh Prophet, We have sent you as a witness, news bearer and a warner and as someone who invites people to God by His permission and a shining Lamp" (33:45-46).
Prophet Muhanimad (PBUH) who was sent to mankind as a news bearer and a wamer for he spoke the truth and did not invent something of his own. The purpose of this article is to confirm the statements made by Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) during his farewell address during the last pilgrimage (10 AH).
After praising and thanking God, the Messenger said, "Oh people, listen to my words carefully for I know not whether I will meet you on such an occasion again."
TRUST AND ACCOUNTABILITY
Sermon: "Oh people, just as you regard this month, this day, this city as sacred, so regard the life and property of every Muslim as a sacred trust. Remember that you will indeed appear before God and answer for your actions."
Quran: "If anyone killed a person unless it is for a murder or spreading mischief on earth it would be as it he killed the whole mankind, and if anyone who saved a life, it would be as if he saved the life of whole mankind" (5:32). "Then on that day not a soul will be wronged in the least and you shall but be prepaid in the needs of your past deeds" (36:54).
FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS
Sermon: "Return the things kept with you as trust (amanah) to their rightful owners."
Quran: "If one of you entrusts (something) the one who has been entrusted with it should hand over his security and he should heed God and not hide any testimony. Anyone who hides it-has a sinfull heart" (2:283).
INTEREST (RIBAH)
Sermon: "All dues of interest shall stand cancelled and you will have only your capital back. Allah has forbidden interest, and I cancel the dues of interest payable to may uncle Abbas ibn Abdul Muttalib."
Quran: "You who believe fear God and write off anything that remains outstanding from lending at interest if you are (true) God and His Messenger If you repent you may retail your principal do not wrong and you will not be wronged" (2:278).
TREATMENT OF WIFE (SPOUSE)
Sermon: "Oh people, your wives have a certain right over you and you have a certain right over them. Treat them well and be kind to them for they are your committed partners and commited helpers.
Quran: "Provide for them the rich according to his income and the poor according to his means, a provision according to the custom. This is an obligation for those who act kindly" (2:236). "Treat them politely even if you dislike them,. Perhaps you dislike something in which God has placed much good" (4:19).
WARNING ABOUT SATAN
Sermon: "Beware of Satan, he is desperate to divert you from the worship of God so beware of him in matters of your way of life."
Quran: "Verily Satan is an enemy to you so treat him as an enemy. He only invites his followers that they may become companions of the blazing fire" (35:6).
BROTHERHOOD
Sermon: "Oh you people listen carefully. All the believers are brothers. You are not allowed to the things belonging to another Muslim unless he gives it to you willingly."
Quran: "Believers are but brothers so set things right between your brothers and fear God so that you may find mercy" (49: 1 0).
SUPERIORITY IS ONLY IN PIETY AND SUBMISSION
Sermon: "Oh people, no one is higher than the other unless he is higher in obedience to God. No Arab is superior to a non-Arab except in piety."
Quran:"The most honored among you in the sight of God is (he who is) the most righteous of you and God has full knowledge and is will acquaint (with all things)" (49:134). "Who can be better in religion than he who submits his whose self to God, does good and follows the ways of abraham for God did take Abraham for a friend" (4:125).
IN ORDER TO BE SUCCESSFUL WE MUST OBEY BOTH GOD AND HIS MESSENGER
Sermon: "Oh people, reflect on my words. I leave behind me two things, the Quran and my example and if you follow these, you will not fail."
Quran: "And obey God and the Messenger so that you may receive mercy" (3:132).
OBSERVE THE PILLARS OF ISLAM
Sermon: "Listen to me carefully. Worship God and offer prescribed prayer, observe fasting in the month of Ramadan and pay the poor-due."
Quran: "And establish the prescribed prayer, practice regular charity and bow down with those who bow down" (2:43). "Oh you who believe, fasting is prescribed to you as it was prescribed to those before you that you may learn self-restraint" (2:183).
DUTIES REGARDING THOSE WORKING UNDER US
Sermon: "Oh people, be mindful of those who work under you. Feed and clothe them as you feed and clothe yourselves."
Quran: "Act kindly just as God treated you kindly" (28:77). "God has favored some of you over their provisions to those whom their right hand controls so that they become equal (partners) in it. Would they thus disclaim God's favor" (16:71).
MUHAMMAD WAS THE LAST PROPHET
Sermon: "Oh people, no prophet or messenger will come after me and no new faith will emerge."
Quran: "Muhammad is not the father of any of you men but he is God's Messenger and the Seal of Prophets. God is aware of everything" (33:40).
OUR DUTY IS TO SPREAD THE MESSAGE OF THE PROPHET (QURAN)
Sermon: "All those who listen to me shall pass on my words to others and those to others again (and people did).
Quran: "Oh Messenger, communicate whatever has been sent down to you by your Lord. If you do not do so, you will not have conveyed his message" (5:67).
Sermon: Have I conveyed the Message of God to you? asked the Prophet facing towards the heavens. The audience answered in one voice, "You have, God is the witness."
Sign up for the best newsletter EVER!
Political Opposition Research. What is it? Who does it hurt? How does it work? And who the hell does it?
Well, I can't answer that last one for you because this interview was arranged under strict rules of anonymity. To pay homage to my favorite 1970's political film I'm calling my source “Deep Throat“. (Yes, the Robert Redford film, not the porn.)
Me: If you had to explain to a kid on the street, what you do for a living, how would you describe it?
Deep Throat: The easy answer that people seem to like is that I dig up dirt on people. The simplest example would be: someone is running for office and they hire me to dig up dirt on their opponent, either in a primary or a general election. Or they hire me to dig up dirt on themselves to see what's out there. That's the coolest sounding answer. The more boring answer is that I examine public records to determine where someone's vulnerabilities lie.
It's really important to know that generally, opp researchers (or opposition researchers) aren't private detectives. We aren't following people around or digging through their trash. Nothing we do is illegal or requires a special license or anything.
Me: So you do all of your sleuthing online?
DT: I've hired PI's in the past, but as time goes on, more and more records are made available online so it's just not necessary.
Me: What exactly are you looking for?
DT: The things that go into a standard political research report (which is what I'm hired to produce) are:
Voting records : How did someone vote on certain key issues and bills? What did they sponsor? How effective were they in office?
Office records : What did they spend public money on? Like expensive meals, etc?
Property records : What did they buy/sell and to whom, and for how much?
Court records : What have they been tried and convicted of, or sued for, or who have they sued?
Me: So, how does someone get into this line of work? Couldn't anyone just sign up for a Spokeo account and get access to these same public records? What makes your access so special?
DT: Hah, that's the $10,000 question. Okay, so you asked two questions there. First, how does someone get into this line of work? I started by working for a campaign and sort of fell into it because of my education and it clicked.
There are only a few different actual campaign jobs, and research is where my talents lie. From there I worked for a few different firms, that sort of thing, and now this is just what I know how to do. Second question: What makes our access special? Answer: almost nothing.
I do pay for access to a few different databases that most people don't have like Nexis, and that sort of thing, where I can easily look up records on people, or search news clips. But generally, I don't have access to any special information that you couldn't get.
Me: So theoretically, anyone could pay for access to the databases that you use and do your job?
DT: The trick is I know where to look, and what to look for. The hard part though is getting someone to pay you for it, which you only get from experience and credibility.
Me: So obviously you're good at what you do, and have earned a good reputation in your line of work. Can you tell me about any “big busts” you've been responsible for?
DT: Well, obviously I can't be too specific without giving anything away. I'll tell you that 90% of the time there are no big hits. No big busts. That's a huge misconception of oppo research- that it results in these massive things.
Me: So it's all about cataloging all the little things that add up?
DT: Yes exactly. If you want to run against X candidate, you need to know all the things. I'll tell you about him/her to tailor attack ads, to prepare for debates, to decide where they are weak. But, you want dirt. So, I've seen a few big hits.
Me: This all sounds incredibly tedious.
DT: One of the things oppo researchers commonly request on their targets are their military records. Most of these are public and anyone can request them. Not the full records, but specifics. In this one case, the researcher who requested them found that the candidate had been discovered by his CO to be masturbating on duty in his Humvee. That was obviously a hit.
I've seen other cases where candidates have claimed to have business experience and researchers found that they lied. Either they had no connection to the company or they worked for their parents or something.
Me: Has anyone gone to jail been the result of research you've done?
DT: Nope. But I've definitely seen my fair share of shady behavior.
“In o ne case where a man running for Lt. Governor, a researcher discovered he had a restraining order against him by his daughter's roommate because he threatened to kill her.”
Me: So, back to these databases. What makes your specific set of skills so special? What exactly do you look for that other people wouldn't think of?
DT: Most of it comes with experience. I've done so many of these I know what people will care about and where vulnerabilities are likely to occur. At a basic level, all oppo researchers do is get public records and then summarize them. But you have to know what records to get, and you need to know how to get the info you need out of them.
One of the easiest hits ever on a candidate is where they live. Say your candidate has two houses. One of them is in the district they want to represent and the other one is outside of it. That's not a hit by itself.
But I know that I should look at tax assessor information for both and see if they claim a homestead tax exemption on the out of district house. If they do, they are claiming to that tax authority that's their primary place of residence, and therefore they don't actually live in the district. Or sometimes they claim it in both places, in which case, that's illegal. That's one tiny example, but I think that illustrates my point about the devil being in the details. It's the little things that add up and equal a “hit”. You need to know what to look for, and it's different for every candidate.
Me: In my mind, every politician has SOME dirt. It just may not be all online.
DT: That's the rub. If it's not public info, I'm not going to find it most of the time. That's where leaks and shit come in.
Me: So, can you tell me about any career highlights? Any “hits” you're especially proud of?
DT: Nope.
Me: Given your insider knowledge and access to data most people don't have, do you have any inside information about the Trump administration that you are holding onto? Or that you can talk about?
DT: Oh, there's a ton of stuff that didn't really come out in the election and stuff that didn't get much play. That's part of the problem, and it's a new problem.
Me: Can you talk about that?
DT: With someone like Trump, there are a million things to hit him on, but so many people don't really care. Like, he said a bunch of stupid and salacious stuff on Howard Stern over the years, as did his son. No one cares.
He had a bunch of shady dealings in Florida including buying off politicians and trying to get a county to alter it's flood water plans DURING flooding so his golf course would look nice for an event. Hillary's campaign did a decent job of getting out a lot of negative oppos on Trump. But it didn't matter in the end. Also, he's a very different sort of candidate.
“Trump doesn't even pretend to be moral or pure. H e isn't a virtuous man and he makes no bones about it.”
When the pussy grabbing video came out people were “shocked”, but not really. My theory is that the American public really just hates insincerity. Hillary seemed insincere don't you think? Not that she was. I actually think she's very sincere. But she seemed insincere and no one really felt like they trusted her. They felt like she was putting on airs and talking down to them. It was a massive perception issue. Obama is incredibly sincere. Even Republicans accept this.
“Trump is funny when it comes to sincerity. H e's very insincere, but he's open about it. T “I might lie to you” he guys said so it's a sincere insincerity.”
Me: A lot of mean things have been said about Barron Trump (which I don't condone). I personally have seen video footage of him playing with a baby relative, and acting normal. But I've also seen footage where his social cues seem to be a bit off. Do you know of any evidence that he is autistic?
DT: No evidence at all, only rumors. The theory I've heard is that Barron is on the spectrum, and Melania is very protective of him and doesn't want his life disrupted.
Me: So, that's it? Just rumors?
DT: Exactly what I just told you. Operatives talk to each other.
Me: Is there ever a time when you find something huge that would destroy a candidate, but you chose not to use it for one reason or another?
DT: Absolutely. There are times when oppo researchers find something big. People cheating on their spouses, that sort of thing, and candidates don't use it. Sometimes because they are worried it will backfire (and it does now and then).
Me: How could that possibly backfire? Because the side you're on is also having an affair?
DT: No, because it makes you look slimy that you dug that up, or because the target then looks sympathetic in certain circumstances.“Going negative” in a campaign actually tends to drag down both candidates, but hopefully, it drags the other guy down more. One tactic people use is to give the info to another party, like an interest group or a PAC or something, or leak it to the press “without fingerprints” so the campaign has plausible deniability.
“I've seen campaigns condemn hits that they dug up themselves so they don't look bad.”
Me: So “House of Cards” is real?
DT: House of Cards is very realistic in some ways, as is The West Wing. But both are very unrealistic in others.
Me: So I don't like to admit this because I'm only twenty minutes from Manhattan, but I actually live in New Jersey. This is where my mailing address is and where my healthcare comes from. So, can you tell me anything about the political climate in New Jersey?
DT: New Jersey is fascinating. There's actually a massive divide in the democratic party there between the north and the south, and it's been that way for a long time. North Jersey is basically controlled by George Norcross, the brother of congressman Donald Norcross.
Philadelphia Magazine literally had a headline in 2013 called “George Norcross: The Man Who Destroyed Democracy”.
“The guy is a massive power broker, though not an elected official. “
The South Jersey democrats are basically a separate tribe, and there's often a lot of infighting there. If you are looking for seedy and salacious stuff, Norcross has been linked to a lot of it, but none of it is proven.
Two quick things:
crazy circumstances First, his former business partner and his wife died in. P
Some people consider the plane crash shady. Anyhow, the guy basically installed his brother as a state legislator, then as a congressman, and he's probably next in line to be a Senator.
Me: So, what advice would give to people that want to get into opposition research?
DT: Go work for a campaign. Honestly, that's my advice for anyone who wants to work in politics ever. Start by working for a campaign and if you can't get a job with one, volunteer. A lot of volunteers get hired if they make themselves indispensable.The pay sucks and the hours suck more, but you get to know how things work and you make connections.
Me: Is there anything you would like to say to our readers?
DT: Oppo research is all about truth, about facts, and about things that you can actually prove.
“We live in a post-fact era because people decided that truth is actually more boring than fiction. Trump must be thrilled.”
He's not a fan of facts either. So a whole movement of idiots behind him that decided facts don't matter plays right into his hands. I'll say this: We know there's an actual concerted effort by foreign actors to pollute the internet with “fake news”. Literally, websites appearing out of nowhere that sort of look credible that are reporting lies. If something looks at all a little crazy don't just go repeating it on facebook like it's a fact. Google it yourself and see who else is reporting on it. If it's only random blogs and websites with vague names like “FreedomUnite” or something it's probably bullshit.
If you're a conservative, there are plenty of conservative newspapers and magazines out there that are totally credible. Don't go to Infowars. Ever. I promise that Lizard people aren't controlling the country. It's just egomaniacs like Steve Bannon and Donald Trump, and in my mind, that's far more terrifying. Mostly because it's true.
Me: So that's it folks. Straight talk from someone on the inside. Yes, you are being manipulated by the media, just as campaigns are being manipulated by each other. If you want to join the resistance, maybe a job as a political opposition researcher is for you. Just beware which side you're really on by what you choose to redact or reveal.
Do you remember back when you were a kid?
The scariest thing out there were ghost stories!
You may have cowered in fear, hiding under the covers and promising to be better tomorrow, just so long as the ghosts didn't visit and scare you that night.
But as we grow older, we know better than to believe these stories, and we would simply dispel them as myths. But in the Chinese culture, young and old alike regard them not as myths but as a reality.
Chinese Ghost Month
Chinese believe that both the skies and the grounds would open up and the spirits, even those from long ago, would come back and mingle with the living, all in a span of one month.
This happens in the seventh month of the lunar calendar, and is more popularly known as 鬼月(guĭ yuè), or the ghost month. In terms of the western calendar, ghost month usually falls in late July or early August. This year, 2014, the ghost month begins on July 27.
It is during this time that spirits are highly believed to roam around the living, looking for and visiting their families. But for spirits who no longer have families to go to, they search for victims on whom they can feast.
To learn more about the Chinese culture and the traditions held during the ghost month, here are ten Chinese vocabulary words associated with the period. Each vocabulary word is followed by a sample sentence, its pinyin, the English translation and a short description about how the word relates to the ghost month.
Top 10 Chinese Vocabulary Words for the Ghost Month
1. 中元节 (zhōng yuán jié): Hungry Ghosts Festival
我们为了庆祝中元节该准备些什么？
(wŏ men wèi le qìng zhù zhōng yuán jié gāi zhŭn bèi xie shén me?)
What should we prepare in celebration of the Hungry Ghosts Festival?
The Hungry Ghosts Festival occurs on the 15th day of the ghost month, wherein feasts of various offerings are prepared for the spirits to wine and dine. Why the 15th? It is believed that the middle of the month is the time when the spirits are in full force, so sumptuous feasts are prepared to appease their hunger. The belief is that if their hunger is satisfied, then they would not feast on the family members and no accident would befall the family.
2. 鬼(guĭ): Ghosts/evil spirits
鬼月的时候，不要乱跑！避免碰到鬼。
(guĭ yuè de shí hòu, bú yào luàn păo! bì miăn pèng dào guĭ.)
During the ghost month, do not run around to avoid bumping into evil spirits.
There are two kinds of spirits that visit us during the ghost month: the good and the bad. The bad spirits are seeking revenge, and belong to those who died an untimely death due to murder, suicide, etc. The feasts are prepared for these spirits, so that they do not do anything ill towards the families. People are advised to refrain from doing outdoor activities like swimming and hiking to avoid bumping and annoying the roaming spirits.
3. 神 (shén): Good spirits
我们死去的祖先也算是神。
(wŏ mén sĭ qù de zŭ xiān yĕ suàn shì shén.)
Our deceased ancestors are also considered good spirits.
Both the gods and the ancestors who have died a moral death (not through suicide) can be considered 神. During the ghost month, Chinese believe that the dead come back to visit their families, which is why each household prepares a spread of dishes for them to enjoy. Others leave vacant seats around their dining table for their deceased relatives. Although it's common practice to offer food for the dead at any time of the year, it is most prominent during the ghost month because this is when the heavens are open to allow the spirits to leave freely. This enables all the spirits – even those from long ago – to visit their families.
4. 钟馗(zhōng kuí): Ghost hunter
对鬼来说, 钟馗是最可怕的了。
(duì guĭ lái shuō, zhōng kuí shì zuì kĕ pà de le.)
For evil spirits, the ghost hunter is most terrifying.
钟馗 is also a ghost, but he was chosen to be the ghost hunter because of his intellect and potential. Centuries ago, he was a bright scholar who topped the imperial examinations, but because of his ugly appearance the emperor stripped off his title. So then he became a 鬼 himself when he committed suicide. Since then, his statue and portrait has become a staple in every household to ward off evil spirits.
5. 阎王 (yán wáng): King of the Underworld
阎王会判定鬼的未来。
(yán wáng huì pàn dìng guĭ de wèi lái.)
The King of the Underworld will decide on the fate of the spirits.
In mythology, the King of the Underworld is Hades. He was the one who decided to give 钟馗 the title of hunter, and he judges the fate of all those who enter the lower realm.
6. 神坛 (shén tán): Altar
把这些水果放在神坛上。
(bă zhè xie shuĭ guŏ fàng zài shén tán shàng.)
Put these fruits on top of the altar.
神坛 serves as the tables of the gods and the spirits. All offerings and feasts prepared are placed here. They are usually placed in the middle of the house or near the door during 中元节 to invite all spirits to dine.
7. 香 (xiāng): Incense
拿这香给祖先们拜三拜。
(nă zhè xiāng gĕi zŭ xiān men bài sān bài.)
Hold this incense and bow three times to your ancestors.
香 can be considered a basic form of offering. Chinese would hold the incense while praying to the gods and talking to their ancestors.
8. 纸钱(zhĭ qián): Paper money
这些年来, 纸钱的价格也升高了。
(zhè xie nián lái, zhĭ qián de jià gé yĕ shēng gāo le.)
For the past few years, the price of paper money has increased.
纸钱 can also be referred to as 金钱 (joss paper). This is burned as an offering to the spirits for them to use in their world.
9. 供品 (gòng pǐn): Offerings
请准备一下给祖先的供品。
(qĭng zhŭn bèi yi xià gĕi zŭ xiān de gòng pǐn.)
Please prepare the offerings for the ancestors.
Rice grains, coins, pork, chicken, vegetables, fruits, wine, cigarettes – all these are prepared as offerings to the spirits. But for the gods, only 素食 (sù shí) or vegetarian dishes are given as offerings.
10. 七夕节 (qī xī jié): Chinese Valentine's Day
七夕节时, 所有单身女孩会去拜仙。
(qī xī jié shí, suŏ yŏu dān shēn nŭ hái huì qù bài xiān.)
During the Chinese Valentine's Day, all single ladies will go and worship the gods.
Before you think that everything is evil and negative during 鬼月, let me introduce you to Chinese Valentine's Day. Don't think that the Chinese don't celebrate the heart's day during February, they still do. But for the single folks out there (especially for the ladies), the seventh day of the ghost month is very special. Done in commemoration of the forbidden love between the daughter of a goddess and a mortal, worshippers believe that when you bring offerings and pray to the gods in the temple, your wish for a happy and blessed love life will come true.
And if you want to learn more about Chinese festivals and holidays, be sure to check out FluentU, the best way to learn Chinese with real-world videos like music videos, commercials, news, and inspiring talks.
And One More Thing…
If you like learning real-world Chinese, then you'll love FluentU.
FluentU lets you learn real Chinese from music videos, commercials, news and inspiring talks. It naturally eases you into learning Chinese language. Native Chinese content comes within reach, and you'll learn Chinese as it's spoken in real life.
FluentU has a wide range of contemporary videos—like dramas, TV shows, commercials and music videos. In fact, below you'll even see the song “Let It Go” from the hit movie “Frozen”:
FluentU brings these native Chinese videos within reach via interactive captions. You can tap on any word to instantly look it up. All words have carefully written definitions and examples that will help you understand how a word is used. Tap to add words you'd like to review to a vocab list.
FluentU's Learn Mode turns every video into a language learning lesson. You can always swipe left or right to see more examples for the word you're learning.
The best part is that FluentU always keeps track of your vocabulary. It suggests content and examples based on the words you're learning. You have a 100% personalized experience.
Start using FluentU on the website with your computer or tablet or, better yet, download the FluentU app from the iTunes or Google Play Store.
Are you really productive at the office? I mean, REALLY productive? I'll bet there are a million things going on in your life and office that stop you from getting ALL THE THINGS done. You need some new productivity and life hacks before your productivity levels go on a free fall.
Feeling overwhelmed? Start by eliminating these 13 things and you'll see how much better things will flow:
Trying to tackle too much. This is the metaphorical “biting off more than you can chew”. Your To-Do list is so long you never seem to get a single thing completed.
Saying yes to everything. Your To-Do list ends up being longer because you say Yes to everything that's asked of you. You don't do that in your personal life, so why do it at work?
Not getting enough sleep. Yes, sleep can affect you when you're awake, increasing your odds of getting diabetes and increasing your chances of crashing your car. You probably notice that you have trouble concentrating when you don't get enough sleep at night, so increase your sleep hours and you'll notice a difference in your focus.
Not getting enough exercise. It's true. Exercise increases energy levels and serotonin levels in the brain, which means you're more alert. Plus, you'll be generally more healthy, which decreases the number of sick days, and overall company productivity increases.
Too many meetings. This is why people are working from home more often. Fewer meetings = better productivity. I often said that I got more done in half a day working from home than in a single full day at the office because I'm skipping all those meetings.
Checking email every 15 minutes. Whether it's on your smartphone or your work computer, we are forever checking our email. Even when there's no new messages to read. So stop checking it and let the automated notification tell you when you've got mail.
Eating horrible, unhealthy food. Processed foods have more sodium and saturated fat, and less fiber and nutrients than fresh, natural foods. That means if you eat them, you're not getting all the nutrients you need to keep your energy going all day. Feeling full doesn't mean your body has what it needs to keep going. If you have to eat prepared foods, look for ones with whole grains, have no trans fats, and are low in saturated fat. Buy some fresh fruits and vegetables every couple of days, and snack on those. Your brain and body will thank you.
A lack of urgency. Working with a sense of urgency helps people work harder than normal. Whether it's in sports or at work, you're often driven to an economy of motion and you cut out all of the extras. You focus in on the essential tasks/items that you must complete, and only those things. To feel this way, set a challenge with a deadline, set a minimum time to work on something, or be aware of the inherent risk of not completing the task. That should get you moving.
You have tasks on a To-Do list, but no plan to help you prioritize. Staring at a big To-Do list is depressing. You feel overwhelmed and you end up ignoring most of the list. Figuring out what needs to be done and what can wait can help you be more productive. You'll actually start crossing things off the list as you finish them. A simple way to prioritize is to group the small tasks together, and then start working on them.
Desktop and smartphone notifications. This drives me crazy. The default setting on any computer or smartphone is to leave notifications on. TURN THEM OFF RIGHT NOW. We're conditioned to look at anything new that pops in, so every new pop-up, ding, or notification makes us look. It's not just the manufacturer's fault, it's actually your brain. We're conditioned to look at motion or pay attention to new sounds.
Not taking breaks. Pushing through your breaks and lunch break might get your project done, but you're burning yourself out. It's more like a vicious cycle. Sitting for too long decreases your blood circulation. This in turn means your body and brain is just getting the bare minimum levels of oxygen they need to survive. You start to lose focus and concentration because of the lower oxygen levels. Add to it the fact that your blood sugar is low because you didn't eat lunch and your concentration is really low. So eat your lunch, and go for a walk around the office. Go pick up that report at the printer furthest from your desk. Get moving!
Too much office chit chat. Chatting with your colleagues on a break can be good. Talking with them every 10 minutes is bad. You end up interrupting not only yourself, but also your colleague. We humans are social creatures, sure, but that doesn't mean you have to constantly be chatting with people all the time. Focus on your work through to completion before taking that break.
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — More than five years after the shooting death of star Redskins safety Sean Taylor in his Miami home, a new trial date has been set for the alleged shooter.
Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Dennis Murphy said Tuesday that 22-year-old Eric Rivera Jr. will stand trial Aug. 12. The case has been delayed numerous times since Taylor was killed during what prosecutors say was a botched robbery at his Miami-area home on November 26th, 2007.
Taylor and his girlfriend were woken up by noises coming from inside their home. Once thieves broke through the bedroom door, two shots were fired with one hitting Taylor in the leg, fatally damaging his femoral artery.
Taylor never recovered from the shooting and died the next day.
Rivera and three others, all from the Fort Myers area, have pleaded not guilty and are being tried separately. Each faces a possible life sentence if convicted.
A fifth man previously pleaded guilty to murder and burglary charges and is likely to testify against the others.
Taylor was a star for the University of Miami and was drafted in the first round by the Redskins. He was off to a great start in his career when he was cut down at the age of 24. In just over three and a half years, Taylor had 299 tackles, 2 sacks, eight forced fumbles, and 12 interceptions.
If Rivera, Jr. is convicted, he faces up to life in prison.
We've officially been traveling full-time for the last 6 months. Has it been that long already!?
When we started this journey, we promised to be as transparent as possible about our finances. We haven't been doing great job of that, mostly because we're struggling to figure out how we should go about it.
So, rather than over thinking it, we've decided to write a quick update on our financial situation. If you want to see EXACTLY what we're spending and EXACTLY what we're making, this post is for you!
Travel is expensive!
As we had anticipated, the most difficult part of full-time travel is making it work financially. Traveling the world is expensive! Between currency conversion fees, plane tickets, gas prices, 3 meals a day each and the occasional beer (okay maybe the more-than-occasional beer), our bank account has been dwindling fast!
So, this leads us to the question: Are we broke yet?
Well, before starting this journey, we had saved up ~$10k, but the goal was never to live off of that money. It was meant to be more of a safety net. And I'm happy to say that we still haven't had to dig into this fund yet!
In March, however, we actually came very close to dipping into our savings. Up until then I had a contract job that was paying enough for us to live, while only having to work a few hours a day. The contract ended but I was still making a little money mentoring UI design students online, around $700 per month.
But, before that payment came in, our bank account had officially hit zero. This was a bit of a reality check for us. It's pretty scary not knowing how you're going to afford to live next month!
But luckily I was able to secure a new contract job within about a week. I've also taken on some guest blogging gigs and have been able to make around $1000 in the last month with that.
This might not be consistent work, but it's at least enough to keep us going for the time being.
Getting our spending under control
I can't emphasize how much of a challenge this has been. When you're traveling in a new place, there's nothing like going out for drinks at a local pub or trying out a local restaurant. Trouble is, if you do that enough it starts to rack up quickly. Pretty soon you're staring at your bank account wondering what the hell happened!
On some days we've easily spent $100 just on food and entertainment alone! While it makes for a great time, it's just not sustainable.
So we're trying our best to be conscious of every dollar we spend. We've also been stopping at grocery stores when we first arrive in a new city. This way we can stock up on a few meals and have no more excuses for eating out 3 times a day!
Housing costs
On the 16th of April, we boarded a 15 day, transatlantic cruise. Luckily we booked this well in advance (back in December), so it almost felt like we were staying for free for two weeks! We also had free meals on board and had snuck on our own booze, so we spent hardly anything those two weeks.
But reality set back in when we landed in Barcelona, Spain on May 1st. Honestly, at this point we were glad to never eat the ship buffet again or have to sleep in our tiny cabin! But it also meant that we had to start buying our meals again and paying for housing. What a drag!
We've actually been doing pretty well in this department. Here's the breakdown of our months AirBnB costs since we arrived in Europe.
Dubrovnik, Croatia
4 nights - $134
Copenhagen, Denmark
8 nights - $418
Berlin, Germany
14 nights - $455
This puts us at $1,007 spent in 26 days. Our initial budget was $1000, which we knew was being a bit conservative. But it doesn't look like we'll break the budget by too much. I think for the next 30 days we'll adjust this to maybe $1,250.
Of course, housing costs fluctuate heavily depending on what country you're visiting. Copenhagen was pretty pricy, but we stayed out of town and roomed with a few friends which brought the cost down. And don't ask me how we got such a killer price in Berlin. I think we just got lucky on that one!
That being said, our best AirBnB deal came last month when we booked a week in Montreal for only $15 a night!
How much money is coming in
Since I'm doing a mix of contract jobs, writing blog posts and mentoring, the money isn't too steady. But here's what we're expecting to bring in over the next 30 days:
Guest blog posts
$1000
Short term contract job
$1020
Ongoing contract job
$2000
Online mentoring
$700
That's $4,720 for the next 30 days. After tax it will round out to about $3,540. Not too bad!
This at least means we're covered for the 30 days. But the reality is that this work isn't stable. So we're still trying as hard as we can to budget properly and be conscious of every penny we spend so that we can stretch this money as far as it can go.
At this moment we have $1000 in our bank account and $0 on our credit card. We're currently in Berlin, Germany and have our AirBnB paid for up until the 29th. We're not sure where we'll go after this but we'll definitely try to keep the theme of cheap housing!
So that's what our finances look like at the current moment. If you have any questions or feel like we missed any details, don't hesitate to contact us via email or on Twitter.
Thanks for reading!
If you want to follow along on our journey, you can subscribe to our YouTube Channel or subscribe to our blog. Thanks for reading, we'll see you on the road!
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
One day, Blay received an email from a 17-year-old Guatemalan girl she had befriended on the forum telling her that she had entered a suicide pact with a 20-something Chinese-American nurse called Li Dao. Blay began to investigate this person and quickly found that she had made dozens of suicide pacts on several forums around the Web, on different dates. Unless she was actually a Highlander, "Li Dao" was not only full of shit, but also a dangerous psychopath trying to scam strangers into killing themselves.
At this point Blay formulated a plan: She got another friend, Kat Lowe, to pose as a depressed person on one of those forums, and soon enough she was being sweet-talked by Li Dao, too. With Lowe's help, Blay proved that "Li Dao" was actually a 47-year-old family man from Minnesota named William Melchert-Dinkel, and being a nurse was the only thing he had in common with his made-up Internet persona.
The Telegraph
OK, go wash your eyes before you continue reading.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Lowe and Blay collected all the evidence and testimonies they had of this man convincing vulnerable people to kill themselves online, sometimes even asking them to do it on webcam so he could watch while possibly sporting the world's creepiest boner. By his own admission, Melchert-Dinkel talked at least five people into committing suicide. At first the cops were like "Ew, no" and wanted nothing to do with the case, but after much insistence from Blay, they finally pressed charges against Melchert-Dinkel.
In May 2011, Melchert-Dinkel was convicted of aiding two suicides and sentenced to one year in jail, including spending two days in prison on the anniversary of each victim's death for the next 10 years. Yeah, he got off easy.
City Council President Tim Burgess has proposed a tax on every firearm and round of ammo sold in the city, which would be used to fund gun violence prevention programs.
The tax, which would amount to $25 on each modern firearm and 5 cents on each round of ammunition, is expected to skim as much as a $500,000 per year from the wallets of gun owners, the Seattle Times reports. This figure would be in addition to the various state and local retail taxes that approach 9.6 percent in the city already.
“Gun violence is very expensive,” Burgess said, noting that the city covered more than $12 million at public hospitals last year related to shooting injuries. “It's time for the gun industry to help defray those costs and this is a very reasonable way to do it.”
Besides the tax, Burgess is also proposing an ordinance that would require firearms lost or stolen to be reported to the police under threat of a $500 fine.
Washington state gun control advocates who backed a controversial ballot initiative last year that expanded background checks to virtually all firearms transfers, supports the new proposals.
“We often attach taxes to things that cause harm to our communities and we know that guns are causing harm,” said Zach Silk, campaign manager with the Washington Alliance for Gun Safety.
However, gun rights advocates warn that Seattle's scheme may conflict with the state's preemption laws, which hold that local governments cannot implement regulations on firearms in excess of the state's own codes. City attorneys argue they are prepared to defend the ordinances, and cite preemption does not cover increases in taxation.
Gun industry groups may tend to disagree with that analysis. Lawrence Keane, senior vice president and general counsel of the National Shooting Sports Foundation, explained to Guns.com that Seattle's move could be interpreted as a direct attempt to usurp the civil rights of gun owners.
“The NSSF will vigorously oppose this misguided attempt to blame the lawful and regulated commerce in firearm and ammunition products for the violent acts of criminal,” Keane said. “The proposed tax is nothing but a poll tax on the exercise of a fundamental civil liberty protected by the Second Amendment.”
Alan Gottlieb, chairman of the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, told Guns.com Wednesday that his group may also see the city in court if the proposal becomes law.
“It looks like we will get to sue Seattle again and notch another win,” said Gottlieb. “We have already sued them under the Washington preemption law and won before. They make winning firearms freedom one lawsuit at a time fun!”
The move in Seattle is not the first time that lawmakers have proposed to raise money from arbitrary tax increases on guns and ammo.
Earlier this year a Missouri state representative introduced legislation in the wake of the Ferguson Riots mandating all police wear body cameras paid for through a special sales tax on munitions. Proposed “sin taxes” on ammo was further unsuccessfully pursued in Illinois and Capitol Hill in recent years.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Before attorney David Wasinger decided to take on two of the biggest global banks in federal court in New York, he had visited the city just twice: once when he was 6, and the second time on a tour bus with his children.
St. Louis attorney David Wasinger is seen in his Brentwood, Missouri office February 10, 2014. REUTERS/Sarah Conard
As the sole partner at a five-attorney firm in St. Louis, Missouri, Wasinger was mostly focused on local business litigation and had never represented a whistleblower.
But in January 2012 an old business acquaintance was ready to go public with accusations of widespread mortgage fraud at Bank of America's Countrywide unit, and he turned to Wasinger.
That touched off a series of events that put Wasinger at the center of two of the biggest legal cases to emerge from the 2007-2009 financial crisis, against Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase & Co, respectively.
In January, the U.S. Attorney's office in Manhattan said it is seeking up to $2.1 billion in penalties from Bank of America after a jury in October found the firm liable for fraud over defective mortgages sold by Countrywide. Wasinger's client, former Countrywide Executive Vice President Edward O'Donnell, was the star witness for the prosecution.
And earlier this month, JPMorgan Chase agreed to pay $614 million to settle claims that it defrauded the U.S. government by submitting sub par home loans for federal insurance. The case relied in part on evidence provided by another Wasinger client.
“We've been very, very fortunate,” Wasinger, 50, told Reuters in an interview. “I am just a country lawyer from Missouri trying to hold Wall Street accountable.”
It has not been determined how much money Wasinger's firm or his clients will receive. Typically, a whistleblower who exposes fraud against the government can receive 15 percent to 25 percent of the settlement, though a court can cut the award depending on how much the person contributed to the case and other factors.
Experts say Wasinger's payout from the JPMorgan case could reach into the millions of dollars, an amount that would be a windfall for his relatively modest firm. His potential gains from the Bank of America case would likely be much smaller, as that case was tried under a law that limits whistleblower recoveries. Wasinger declined to comment on possible earnings.
Representing whistleblowers is a lucrative business for lawyers and is hyper competitive, since few corporate insiders who come forward actually have the information that leads to big government lawsuits. What makes Wasinger's situation unusual is that he stumbled into the field.
A CALL FROM A FRIEND
Wasinger grew up two hours north of St. Louis in Hannibal, Missouri, an agricultural community of 18,000 people that is famous for being Mark Twain's hometown. He earned his law degree from Vanderbilt University in Tennessee in 1988, and worked for a short time at a large regional firm in St. Louis.
In 1991, Wasinger joined a small law firm with a colleague that has morphed into the Wasinger Law Group. His wife, Colleen, is also an attorney at the firm, which handles real estate litigation and partnership disputes, among other local business matters.
It is a small but busy practice, according to Wasinger, who said he typically worked 40 to 50 hours a week. The Bank of America case took him to a whole new world of high-pressure New York trials and 90- to 100-hour work weeks.
Prior to that case, Wasinger had never before worked on litigation involving the False Claims Act, the law that allows whistleblowers to collect rewards if they disclose fraud against the government. But Wasinger had known his client for years, having represented another company O'Donnell worked at in an unfair competition case in the 1990s.
In February 2012, Wasinger filed a sealed case against Bank of America on behalf of O'Donnell, who accused Countrywide of selling thousands of shoddy mortgage loans to the government-controlled Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Wasinger said he decided to file the suit in New York as the local U.S. Attorney's office did not have much experience with financial fraud cases. He drafted the complaint and traveled to the Big Apple, his third visit.
“He is a very dogged and determined lawyer,” said Heidi Wendel, who dealt with Wasinger when she was a lawyer in the civil frauds unit at the Manhattan U.S. Attorney's office. She is now in private practices at the law firm Jones Day.
“He drafted a solid complaint that could get the government's foot in the door,” Wendel said, referring to the Countrywide lawsuit.
Wasinger also filed a similar complaint with the Justice Department under another law, the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act (FIRREA). Then he waited.
In October 2012, the Justice Department joined O'Donnell's lawsuit. Bank of America decided to fight it, and the trial took four weeks with O'Donnell as the primary witness.
It was a much larger trial than any cases Wasinger had been involved with, and one he described as intense and stressful. The government's Countrywide trial team would often stay in the office until midnight or 1 a.m. One Justice Department lawyer slept on an air mattress in the office after his home was damaged by Hurricane Sandy.
Wasinger said he was often daunted by the army of Bank of America lawyers that would pull up to court each morning. “It was like a presidential motorcade,” he said. “Meanwhile, DOJ doesn't even have a coffee pot in their office.”
The government and Bank of America are waiting for a judge to determine the bank's penalty. A spokesman for Bank of America, headquartered in Charlotte, declined to comment. A spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's office also declined to comment.
A CALL FROM A STRANGER
After the Bank of America case became public in October 2012, Wasinger said he received dozens of phone calls from people claiming to be whistleblowers.
Most of their tales of corporate fraud were not credible, he said, and turned them away.
One of the callers was Keith Edwards, a former supervisor in JPMorgan's government insuring unit in Louisiana. Edwards told Wasinger he had been pushed aside when he tried to improve the quality control of loans submitted for insurance to the Federal Housing Administration or the Department of Veterans Affairs.
After hearing so many similar claims, Wasinger was skeptical. “You've got a lot of good lawyers in Louisiana,” he told Edwards. If Edwards was serious, Wasinger added, they would have to meet.
Edwards drove through the night to St. Louis from Monroe, Louisiana, a nine-hour trip. He was impressed with Wasinger after their initial conversation, Edwards told Reuters via email.
In January 2013, Wasinger filed his second False Claims Act case, this time against the largest U.S. bank, on its home turf.
The U.S. Attorney's office was already deep into an investigation into JPMorgan's mortgage-lending practices. Edwards provided the government with new information, including about VA loans. Instead of litigating the case, as Bank of America had, JPMorgan decided to settle.
A JPMorgan spokeswoman declined to comment beyond its previous statement that the settlement “represents another significant step in the Firm's efforts to put historical mortgage-related issues behind it.”
NO PAYMENT YET
Wasinger has yet to be paid for the two cases that he spent much of the past couple of years working on.
The government and Wasinger are currently negotiating Edwards' share of the JPMorgan deal. Under the False Claims Act, he can theoretically earn up to $150 million, but is likely to get less than that because the government had already conducted some of the investigation into JPMorgan prior to his complaint.
In the Countrywide case, although O'Donnell was a key witness, his payment is capped at $1.6 million under FIRREA because the False Claims Act portion of the suit was dismissed prior to trial. O'Donnell may be able to collect more money if he appeals that ruling.
Wasinger said he will get a cut of what his clients are awarded, but declined to give details.
The percentage that a lawyer for a whistleblower gets varies widely, but a general rule of thumb is 33 percent to 40 percent, according to Stephen Kohn, executive director of the National Whistleblower Center, a non-profit group that advocates for whistleblowers.
There have been only about 25 large cases - more than $200 million - in three decades' worth of False Claims Act prosecutions, he said.
In one of the largest payouts ever, a former quality manager at GlaxoSmithKline Plc won $96 million in October 2010 for exposing manufacturing defects at a plant in Puerto Rico. The drug company paid $750 million to settle the charges.
As Wasinger awaits payment, he and his firm have continued to work on their usual stable of local business litigation. Wasinger said he has no plans to seek out whistleblowers as clients but could represent another if the case was right.
St. Louis attorney David Wasinger is seen in his Brentwood, Missouri office February 10, 2014. REUTERS/Sarah Conard
The attorney said he wants some time to decompress. He has had to travel to New York frequently in the past two years, but spent most of his time in conference rooms and the courtroom. With each visit to the U.S. Attorney's office in downtown Manhattan, he has enjoyed watching construction progress on One World Trade Center and the 9/11 Memorial.
Once he gets paid, Wasinger said he plans to spend some of the money on his sons: Alex, who just turned 12, and Andrew, who is 10.
“I'm taking them to New York City,” Wasinger said.
Hey everyone,So about 8 months ago, my friend created this website Knoword Basically, you're given a definition, and the first letter of a word and based on this you have to guess what the word is, time limit included. Point are given for each guess and points lost for each word skip. It's incredibly addicting. The following is taken directly from the site:We got the idea to create an app for it. Well the app has been in the development stage for a month or so now (both iOS and Android) and it should begin the testing stage within the next few weeks, I thought I'd give everyone here a sneak-peak with a couple of screens.Both screens are from the iOS version but they will be the same for Android (with the exception of the keyboard, I suppose)Sign-ins will be universal, from iOS to Android to the PC version. I'm incredibly excited about this app. Let me know what you think of the website version and I'll keep this updated once the game is in the testing stages, you'll all be the first to try it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me!
How Some Of The Worst Rookie Seasons Produced Some Of The Best Quarterbacks.
Matthew Stafford‘s 2009 Season
Matthew Stafford could not have had a much worse start to his NFL career. “Some of those balls I was throwing, I was just trying to get rid of it and not take a sack. I'm fine. I've thrown three picks in a game before. Obviously, I don't like to lose. I wish I could play better, but I've got to learn from it,” said Stafford after his first career start against the Saints in New Orleans. He finished the game completing just 16 of 37 passes with three interceptions and no touchdown passes.
And it was only downhill from there.
In week eight, the Lions took on the then 0-7 Rams at Ford Field. Stafford only managed to complete 14 of his 31 passing attempts for 168 yards. He also threw an interception along with zero passing touchdowns. The Rams won that game, and it was their only win of the 2009 season.
In week nine, Matthew Stafford would throw five interceptions against the Seahawks, all of which came after the Lions stormed out to a 17-0 first quarter lead. Detroit ended up losing the game 32-20.
On Thanksgiving day in 2009, Matthew Stafford completed just 20 of 42 passes for only 213 yards against the Packers. He threw four interceptions, which the Packers scored 17 points off of, in a 34-12 domination of the Lions.
Stafford did not have a strong finish to his rookie season either. In his last game of that year, he completed just 11 of his 26 passes against the Bengals and threw another two interceptions. He would leave the game with injury and not play again in 2009.
Matthew Stafford's final stat line from his rookie season was 201 of 377 passes completed (53.3%), 2267 yards, 13 touchdown passes, 20 interceptions and a quarterback rating of just 61 in 10 games. These are abysmal statistics, not just by today's standards, but for any period of the Superbowl era of the NFL.
And, besides his poor on-field performance, questions about Stafford's durability were raised during his rookie season. He suffered two separate injuries that caused him to miss time during the 2009 season, and missed a total of six games.
If these were the only things you knew about Matthew Stafford, you would say that he was unquestionably a draft bust for the Lions. You would probably be shocked to find out that he's even still in the NFL.
Fast forward to today, where Stafford holds every major passing record in the history of the Detroit Lions franchise. He's thrown for at least 4,000 yards in each of the last seven seasons. He has had a quarterback rating above 90 in four of those seven, including the most recent three. He has led the Lions to the playoffs three times, including a historic 2011 season where he threw for 5038 yards and 41 touchdowns.
Stafford has been the only thing consistently dragging the Lions towards success in that time period, and he has been anything but a bust for Detroit.
Rookie Seasons For Other Quarterbacks
It may seem surprising that Matthew Stafford has gone on to have such a successful career after an abysmal start, but maybe it shouldn't be. He is far from the first quarterback to experience this type of turnaround. Peyton Manning notoriously led the league with 28 interceptions in his rookie year. John Elway completed only 47.5% of his passes with just seven touchdowns and 14 interceptions in his rookie season. In Steve Young's five game rookie campaign, he completed just 52.2% of his throws with a three to eight touchdown to interception ratio.
Peyton Manning went on to play in four Superbowls (winning two), Elway played in five (winning two) and Young went on to win a Superbowl and two NFL MVP awards. All three players are in the NFL Hall of Fame.
In recent history, Eli Manning only completed 48.2% of his passes as a rookie, with six touchdowns and nine interceptions. Alex Smith completed a slightly better 50.9%, but threw just one touchdown pass against 11 interceptions. Jared Goff had an extremely dismal rookie year just last season, sporting an 0-7 win-loss record and throwing 155.6 yards per game, five touchdowns passes and seven interceptions while completing only 54.6% of his passes.
Eli Manning has led two game winning drives in the Superbowl since then. Alex Smith has a strong case for MVP this season, and has been recognized as an extremely solid quarterback for years. Jared Goff has thrown for 3804 yards, 28 touchdowns and only seven interceptions so far this season, while boosting his completion percentage to 62.1% and his quarterback rating to 100.5.
What It Means
So, what is the point in all of this? The conclusion I am left to draw from these statistics is that just because a quarterback has a bad, abysmal or even historically awful rookie season, it doesn't really tell you anything about their future.
So, yes, while we have seen rookie quarterbacks DeShone Kizer, Mitchell Trubisky, C.J. Beathard and Nathan Peterman struggle this season, the jury is far from out on them. The same can be said for other young (but not rookie) quarterback who are struggling this season, such as Marcus Mariota, Jameis Winston, Jacoby Brissett, Dak Prescott, Derek Carr, Trevor Siemian, Brett Hundley and others.
While not every quarterback will bounce back from early career struggles, some do take the next step later in their careers, and when the do, the growing pains are more than worth it. If there is one take away from the information in this article, it is that plenty of franchise quarterbacks do not look like franchise quarterbacks at first.
So, when I hear about teams potentially giving up on young quarterbacks (for example, DeShone Kizer/Cody Kessler in Cleveland, Jared Goff last season), I think one thing: it's far better to give a young quarterback with all of the potential in the world too many chances to be great rather than too few.
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed it, please follow me on Twitter @lucasjwalker00, and don't forget to pay a visit to the Detroit Lions Subreddit!
We all use safe car companies in the form of trailer that are typically suitable for secure shifting of cars from one location to another place. After picking basically to be relocated from anywhere on the wish of the clients, we can also bring together all the newspaper works like custom expulsion, accident insurance etc on the behalf of your customer. Keeping our clients demand above all, we offer closed as well as open car carriers.
Car Transportation Services in Faridabad
We all provide car transportation and moving service in several urban centers within India. We certainly have well-experienced and friendly staff to commence your consignment with immense care. We use different type of storage containers and trailers for carrying ideal car that are specially made for safe moving of cars from one to another place.
Car Carrier Services in Faridabad
In addition, the monitoring and tracing systems are also offered to the customers. This further ensures reliable, on-time delivery and cross-continental vehicle transportation. Also, provide complete relief to the customers.
'Ghostbusters': Paul Feig Defends Female-Fronted Reboot Against Internet 'A**holes'
UPDATE: On Sunday, May 8, Feig took to his Twitter account to address the headline-making interview, noting that the quotes in the New York Daily News article were taken from a book on geek culture Feig gave over a year and a half ago that the author then sold to the Daily News. “The ‘assholes' of which I speak are the ones who live online, who write those hateful tweets and posts and comments,” he clarifies. “I'm not talking about the people who have true concerns and worries about the rebooting of a franchise they love, nor am I talking about people who have watched the trailer for our movie and didn't like it.” Read all of Feig's statement here.
It hasn't been the easiest road to release for the new “Ghostbusters” reboot. While the film's female-fronted cast seemed to divide hardcore “Ghostbusters” fans from the minute the project was greenlit, a major outcry was unleashed after the film's first trailer dropped in the beginning of March. While comedy is certainly subjective, opinions around the trailer were largely negative, so much so that last week news broke that the preview was the most disliked film trailer in YouTube history. As of this posting, the trailer ranks number 11 with 728k dislikes. All of this negative buzz certainly isn't the kind of response Sony was hoping for.
READ MORE: ‘Ghostbusters' Reboot Trailer Most ‘Disliked' In YouTube History: Does It Remake Fatigue or Sexist Rage?
Unsurprisingly, the team behind the reboot has been coming to the film's aid in the lead-up to its release on July 15. Earlier this week, Melissa McCarthy gave an interview in which she agreed with fans that the trailer was incredibly misleading and didn't speak to what the actual finished product is like. “It's weird that [the trailer says] '30 years ago,' but in this movie it's like the first one didn't happen,” she said. “”It's a great story but told totally differently. It's the same thing of four unlikely heroes, it's in New York city, ghosts are taking over. It's the same classic story, but it's not a '30 years later,'”
McCarthy may have been in a rather polite defense mode, but that's certainly not the case for the film's director, “Spy” and “Bridesmaids” helmer Paul Feig. In a recent interview with the New York Daily News, Feig lashed out at the film's abundant critics. “Geek culture is home to some of the biggest assholes I've ever met in my life,” Feig said. “Especially after being attacked by them for months because of this ‘Ghostbusters' project.”
Feig's sentiments speak to the larger attacks against “Ghostbusters,” which have been pouring in way before the trailer hit and ever since the idea of a female-fronted reboot was first sparked. “I don't care what shape or size or color or anything they are,” he said about his cast of funny ladies. “I live or die on what things are funny and whether or not people will be entertained by them.”
Speaking about McCarthy more specifically, he added, “I don't care what she looks like. As long as she's funny and is a professional. She's hilarious.”
Considering the film's response on YouTube, it doesn't seem like the Internet critics and fanboys are going to slow down any time soon. All of this is premature, of course, and we'll know whether or not the film is a worthy “Ghostbusters” film when Sony releases in theaters nationwide on July 15.
Watch the trailer for Feig and McCarthy's “Spy” below…
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Festivals newsletter here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
March 21 [321] is World Down Syndrome Day. As ‘no exceptions' prolifers, we are to love them all; the sidewalk is not segregated. We are determined to defeat the scourge of abortion and bring better awareness that all of God's children are GOD's, right on the sidewalk of abortion facilities everywhere.
FACT: 92% of diagnosed preborn Down syndrome babies are aborted.
In 1997, I was 35 years old…and surprised with pregnancy I did not expect. I was married, had two sons, my youngest was 5 years old. Since I was ‘old' regarding child bearing, the doctors tried to prescribe an amniocentesis to check for Down syndrome and other ‘defects'. I gave a resounding NO. I was already post-abortive and knew exactly what it was like to live with it. I said that I do not want to know if something was wrong – I would be his/her mother, no matter what. Doctors are way too quick to give moms the option of abortion – just in case.
FACT: 92% of diagnosed preborn Down syndrome babies are aborted.
All WAY too often women are given the option – over and OVER again – to abort their preborn child because of an presumed affliction. People only want perfection and the path of the least resistance. Little give God a chance to be God.
A famous mom of a Down syndrome child is Sarah Palin. She had the test, she and her husband prepared for their child's arrival, not demise. Palin said she knew abortion was an option but was able to overcome the fear of the unknown to go ahead with the birth.
And then there's Noah's Dad. What he is doing for his son Noah and his family is way more than incredible! They have proven that even young women have children with an extra chromosome. And Noah's Dad has also proven that it's not just his journey but Noah's journey as well. We tend to forget that it is the child that has Down Syndrome, not the parents. It's our job AS A FAMILY to be the family he or she needs.
“For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand that we should walk in them” explains that WE, not just the wanted or perfect, are HIS [Eph 2:10]…..AND that EVERYONE has a plan that God has given them. Is there any affliction that God cannot overcome? NEVER.
FACT: 92% of diagnosed preborn Down syndrome babies are aborted.
Amniocentesis and diagnostic ultrasound along with many other ‘tests' are there to determine if a ‘therapeutic' abortion is an option, not to prepare for the child's birth. I remember all too well the look on my doctor's face when I told her no test. Ironically, SHE was pregnant, too.
Protect ALL of our unborn, remember to pray and come to the sidewalk…we need you to help save Down Syndrome….ALL of the babies. Click here to see other resources.
FACT: 92% of diagnosed preborn Down syndrome babies are aborted.
Several sources told the Star that Mulroney, virtually excommunicated from the federal Conservatives over the lingering Airbus scandal, is flabbergasted over Harper's tactical blunder last week and not just because it recalled Joe Clark's miscalculation that cost the Tories power in 1979.
No less a political sage than former Progressive Conservative prime minister Brian Mulroney has privately told at least two of his vast network of friends that he is disappointed in the man who was briefly his protegé.
As Harper struggles to contain the national psychodrama he sparked, the amateur psychoanalysis is reaching a fever pitch.
So says one of Stephen Harper's long-time acquaintances, wryly noting the Prime Minister has few friends.
"He just can't help himself."
"There's always been this concern that Harper believes he's the smartest guy in the room and that, no matter what, he's never wrong," confides the Harper acquaintance (who's also a Mulroney friend).
But in the subsequent estrangement comes this assessment:
Mulroney's tutelage, especially his shrewd counsel on the electoral realities of Quebec and Ontario, helped sweep the Conservatives into office in 2006.
"At some point, you know, you get up every day and you get kicked in the balls and, you know what, you get tired of it. So when people stop fighting back, I'm telling you, that's a most dangerous, dangerous, dangerous day," he says.
Another insider agrees "there's no question the Prime Minister rules by fear," which is not always productive.
"The people around him, the stable, has generally been bred for obedience, so that's what you get," says a confrere.
In interviews with federal associates of Harper, past and present, a picture emerges of a bright and driven man who does not take dissenting counsel especially well and is prone to profane outbursts.
It was Harper who insisted that the Nov. 27 economic statement be used as a political weapon to bludgeon the Conservatives' foes.
While sources claim his chief of staff, Guy Giorno, and Finance Minister Jim Flaherty – seasoned veterans of government at Queen's Park – were less hawkish, the Prime Minister, ever the chief strategist, was convinced the provocative measures could withstand any challenge from the three opposition parties.
Harper was sure the Liberals, mired in a leadership contest, and the NDP and Bloc Québécois could never unite against him.
"Why let a good crisis go to waste when you can use it to hobble your opposition?" says a party insider.
That's how Flaherty wound up deriding "the free ride for political parties" last week and pledging to eliminate their $1.95-per-vote funding subsidy. That would have crippled the Liberals and the Bloc (to say nothing of the Greens).
Flaherty also vowed to "temporarily" suspend the right to strike of federal public servants and curb their ability to make pay-equity appeals through the courts, an anathema to the NDP.
And if that were not enough, there was no significant economic stimulus package to match what other countries have been implementing.
After that triple-whammy enraged and emboldened the Liberals, NDP and Bloc, the Tories retreated last weekend, but the coalition government-in-waiting had already been forged.
Conservative MPs this week publicly supported Harper's sharp criticism of the NDP-Liberal coalition, and prominent ministers such as Environment Minister Jim Prentice and Transport Minister John Baird took their message to the media. Some, like Public Safety Minister Peter Van Loan, voiced support for Harper.
But inside and outside the party, Harper was being blamed for precipitating the storm.
"It's not that he's never made mistakes before. He actually has made a number of them, but ... there's always been handy staff to blame it on," says a Tory.
"The big difference here is that the big flaming pile of s--- is squarely ... at his doorstep."
Sources say Harper was visibly shaken earlier in the week, angrily flouncing around his Langevin Block office, eyes reddened and battling a bad cold exacerbated by a lack of sleep.
He has displayed that almost adolescent blend of petulance and stubbornness before in his political life.
During the 2004 election campaign, the Conservative war room issued a news release suggesting then Liberal prime minister Paul Martin "supports child pornography."
Instead of immediately retracting and apologizing for the over-the-top attack, Harper stuck to his guns.
The controversy contributed to his defeat and Harper descended into a summer-long "funk," sulking about the outcome even though he had propelled the fledgling united Conservatives to the brink of government by reducing an 11-year Liberal majority to a minority.
The Prime Minister regained his stride late Monday. Infuriated by the Liberal-NDP-Bloc signing ceremony on Parliament Hill, he was in fighting form at the Conservatives' Christmas party that night, rallying dispirited MPs and staffers.
He further recovered with an unrepentant videotaped address to the nation Wednesday night and a successful plea Thursday to Governor General Michaëlle Jean to have Parliament suspended.
Yet even though he bought his government time until Jan. 26, his loyalists worry that he has done himself irreparable harm.
"He truly is ... politically brilliant, but he's also pathologically partisan. So he just can't help himself. It's a deadly combination. You know that you're a smart guy and you're pretty sure you can outsmart everybody and you never miss an opportunity to poke an opponent in the eye," says an insider.
An acquaintance agrees Harper's partisan blinders are self-destructive. "He cannot abide by the Liberals. He finds them indecisive, he finds them pandering, he wants to destroy them. He can't help himself – he just can't help himself."
Liberal MP Ken Dryden (York Centre) echoed that sentiment in the Commons on Wednesday.
"He cannot stop himself. He has this pathological inability to put aside politics – too bad for him and for all of us," Dryden said.
Indeed, Harper's hubris led to the disastrous decision to cut $45 million in arts funding before the Oct. 14 election, which resuscitated the Bloc, costing the Tories Quebec seats and any chance of a majority.
One associate rejects the charge from some Liberals and New Democrats that Harper is an unwavering neo-conservative hampered by his ideological rigidity.
"He is a pragmatist. There is some ideology there, of course, but he's always looking ahead," he says, emphasizing that the Nov. 27 economic statement seemed like a good idea at the time.
"You can screw the Liberals in the process and show leadership – and on paper the Conservatives are taking the biggest (funding) hit so you can certainly sell it to the public," the associate says, adding the change would have cost the Tories $10 million, the Liberals $7 million, the NDP $5 million and the Bloc $3 million. "But what he underestimated was just how bad off the Liberals actually are financially. If they didn't have that money, the banks would be in the next minute."
The fallout within the Prime Minister's Office has not been pretty.
"He is a yeller and certainly longshoremen could take language lessons from him. The backrooms are blue but it's not cigar smoke; it's four-letter words," says a Tory.
"I'm sure this is killing him in some ways. If he doesn't turn it around, if he doesn't pull it out of the fire then ... he goes down rivalling Joe Clark for the biggest boneheaded move in Canadian history."
Still, the fact that so many Conservatives would speak out about Harper only if their identities were protected is telling.
"That's an indication that people aren't quite willing to count him out just yet," says one such Tory. "He's still jumping around saying, 'I'm not dead yet.' "
Even if he is, as another party insider admits, "he's not Superman any more."
For a few gleeful seconds, Friday night was yet another stunning comeback for the UCLA men's soccer team.
Until it wasn't.
The Bruins, down 2-1 in the 85th minute, finally broke through when freshman midfielder Jose Hernandez rocketed a shot past Cardinal goalie Andrew Epstein for what most Bruin fans believed to be the equalizer.
The linesman, however, had something to say about it, ruling senior forward Larry Ndjock offside and negating the game-tying goal.
“To me, it's very clear that Larry – the person that's called offside – is not participating in the play, doesn't make a play on the ball, doesn't make the defender react,” said head coach Jorge Salcedo. “Jose comes from five, six yards deep, and there's no chance he's offside. If Larry doesn't make a play on the ball then, by rule, he's not offside.”
Despite his protests to the head referee, Salcedo and his Bruins remained in a one-goal deficit with just five minutes left. That is where the scoring remained, as unranked UCLA (6-6-0, 2-2-0 Pac-12) fell to No. 3 Stanford (10-1-1, 3-0-1) by a final score of 2-1.
With no tie game, no overtime and no chance for a win, the home team lingered by the bench long after the game was over, staring at the empty pitch. UCLA's frustration was twofold – both with the controversial call and with the knowledge that the Bruins were the better team for much of the game.
UCLA out-shot Stanford 15-6, owning the possession battle from start to finish. It was only on a fluke goal one minute before halftime and on a magnificent top-right corner shot in the 65th that the Bruins slipped up.
It was enough to be their undoing.
“We gave the game away,” Salcedo said. “Both goals came from our mistakes, we had the ball the whole night, we dominated in shots, dominated in chances. It's just a tough one to swallow, really tough one to swallow.”
While Salcedo and the Bruins were furious over the offside call, their inability to capitalize on numerous scoring chances proved more frustrating.
“There's nothing you can do if calls don't go our way,” said redshirt senior defender Edgar Contreras. “But you have to find a way to beat the opposing team, and beat the ref.”
Only sophomore forward Abu Danladi was able to officially find the back of the net for UCLA, volleying a deflection from the center of the penalty box past Epstein in the 48th minute. The goal was his second on the season.
“(There's) not that much to say,” Danladi said. “The key is that we don't give away goals, and make sure we're scoring more. Stanford is one of the best teams, and we have to play with an edge if we want to win.”
With time winding down and the Bruins in a one-goal deficit, UCLA ratcheted up the pressure, tallying 11 shots in the second half alone. Freshman midfielder Jackson Yueill and senior defender Javan Torre led the charge in the final minutes, but it wasn't enough.
Only Hernandez managed to sneak a shot past Epstein after the 80th minute, but – instead of celebration – the Bruins were left with only frustration.
The Cardinal win was their first over the Bruins in five years, and their first in Westwood in the almost 50-year history of the program.
UCLA concludes its three-game homestand against unranked Cal (5-4-2, 0-2-2) Monday night. After beginning the season with five wins in six games, the Golden Bears are 0-3-2 since mid-September and have lost all three of their road games so far.
The Bitcoin Foundation is currently holding runoff elections for two of it's board seats. One of these two seats is currently held by Gavin Andresen, but his term is expiring, and the other was held by Jon Matonis, until his resignation in October of 2014. The primary election actually happened between February 13th and February 19th, but none of the candidates obtained the 50%+ approval rating required to claim a seat. The top 4 nominees were Olivier Janssens, Jim Harper, Bruce Fenton, and Michael Perklin, receiving approval ratings of 46.7%, 41.2%, 30.9%, and 30%, respectively.
Due to this, a runoff election will be held, starting on Tuesday, February 24, 2015 and running until Friday, February 27, 2015.
The Bitcoin Foundation Board's Role
The goal of the Bitcoin Foundation, according to their bylaws, is to,”promote and protect both the decentralized, distributed and private nature of the Bitcoin distributed-digital currency and transaction system as well as individual choice, participation and financial privacy when using such systems.” While that is a noble goal, and the foundation was founded for a good purpose, it's effectiveness in achieving it's stated goal has been rather lackluster. In fact, at times, the foundation, or members of it's board, seem to have moved in the opposite direction.
Brock Pierce, one of the current board members, created “Realcoin” which has now changed it's name to “Tether“. Realcoin/Tether is a digital currency tied to fiat currency, removing the “decentralized” attribute. This makes absolutely no sense, as Bitcoin's decentralization is an integral part of it's purpose, and it seems strange that a board member of the BITCOIN Foundation is working on an altcoin. His focus should be squarely on Bitcoin itself…not on finding a way to tie digital currency to a centralized, fiat currency.
Beyond that, the Bitcoin Foundation has been involved in lobbying on “behalf” of Bitcoin, but without really doing much to impact the way regulatory structures, such as New York's Bitlicense, are developed. The very act of engaging in this kind of activity seems to go against their own bylaws.
Rather than trying to shape regulation, which is an area that the organization has little authority, they should have been focused on the more important aspect of developing the Bitcoin core protocol. That said, since the blowback related to the previous mentioned actions, it does seem that the organization has backed off a bit on these issues, and may be focusing more on the development of Bitcoin (with the exception of Mr. Pierce, who is still supporting Tether).
So what is the Board's role? It is hard to say at this point, but I would assume that they should be making decisions on what aspects of the Bitcoin protocol should be worked on. Of course, anyone can technically work on Bitcoin's protocol, and any changes must be “approved” by consensus of the network. Thus, beyond giving Gavin Andresen, and a handful of other developers that actively work on developing Bitcoin, a bit of direction, there really seems to be very little that the Bitcoin Foundation's board should do.
Of course, it is great that they pay Gavin to develop Bitcoin. In my opinion, all of the time and resources that the Foundation has should be focused toward finding more competent developers to assist him, as that would have a much larger impact than anything they are likely to accomplish.
Voting in the Bitcoin Foundation Election
The Bitcoin subreddit has over 150,000 subscribers. The Bitcoin community as a whole is many times larger than that, and consists of individuals from every imaginable walk of life.
So, who is eligible to vote in the election for Bitcoin Foundation Board Seats? Well, the Bitcoin Foundation has around 1500 members, and of those members, only ones who have “activated” their membership are eligible to vote. The activation requirement was a new procedure that many members did not even know was required, which resulted in only 323 individuals voting in the election. Registration, or “activation”, was re-enabled after the initial vote, and ended today, so that number should be higher for the runoff election…but, even if every member of the Bitcoin Foundation activated their membership, and votes in the runoff, that is still only a fraction of 1% of the entire community.
The Bitcoin Foundation does not represent Bitcoin at all. The founding members were certainly extreme Bitcoin supporters…but even the founding members alone had issues.
One founding member, who has now left the Foundation, is Mark Karpeles. As most of you know, he was the owner of Mt. Gox, and lost, or stole, over half a million bitcoins.
Also, there is Charlie Shrem, previously the CEO of BitInstant, who recently plead guilty to “aiding and abetting unlicensed money transmission”. He was sentenced to two years in prison.
Of course, Mr. Shrem's crime does not seem to fit his punishment. He did not harm, nor steal from, anyone. He simply was selling bitcoins to an individual that used them on the Silk Road. Alas, a plea bargain was probably the right choice. Had he refused, he may have been convicted of “crimes” with much harsher sentences.
On the other hand, Gavin Andresen and Satoshi, the creator of the blockchain, himself were two of the other founding members, and they are the two people that have contributed the most to creating Bitcoin as we know it today. The initial vision of the Bitcoin Foundation may have been a positive one, with support from the community, but something was lost over the past few years.
The Bitcoin Foundations's Fatal Flaw is the Board Itself
Bitcoin was created to be a decentralized, distributed solution to a broken, centralized financial system. Bitcoin has the potential to transcend finance, and create decentralized networks and systems to handle a wide range of industries and needs…even if that is accomplished via side chains or offshoots from Bitcoin's core network.
The Bitcoin Foundation is a centralized group created to protect and promote Bitcoin. The word “centralized” is the problem. A decentralized system does not need a centralized group to represent it…and that is especially true when considering that the Bitcoin Foundation's board is another layer of centralization on top of the centralized organization. The Bitcoin protocol is tangible proof that a decentralized system is more efficient than a centralized one. The same can be said of other decentralized, peer-to-peer networks and software, such as the BitTorrent protocol. The Bitcoin Foundation should have been created in a similar fashion, possibly utilizing Bitcoin itself, to create a decentralized organization to make decisions regarding how to protect, support, and improve Bitcoin.
While that may sound somewhat redundant, due to the need for consensus between Bitcoin miners within the network itself, it is not hard to image how much better a decentralized Bitcoin Foundation would be. An all-inclusive organization, with membership only requiring one to want to be a member, with decentralized voting on minor issues, and any “spending” being decided by whoever is willing to donate the funds to accomplish whatever goals are set. In fact, the recent launch of Lighthouse provides one of the puzzle pieces needed to construct such a system. I would not be at all surprised if some developer, or group of developers, decided to take on this project, or something similar, eventually.
Until then, the Bitcoin Foundation is still here, but is only a shadow of what many expected it to become. This election really does not seem to matter, and unless the group is working on some unknown, big project, the Foundation itself seems largely irrelevant.
Whoever claims that teaching isn't a lucrative career hasn't talked to Terry Clarke, Elmhurst's highest-paid high school teacher in 2015.
Clarke, of York Community High School, raked in a whopping $184,343 last year. The number represents full adjusted pay, and included in the amount is $17,416 of taxpayer-funded benefits, the DuPage Policy Journal reported.
The Illinois State Board of Education also released numbers indiciating the top 50 highest-paid teachers in Elmhurst School District 205 each earned more than $126,000 in full adjusted pay in 2015.
All of these amounts represent a full year of work — not just the nine months a year teachers are actively in school.
In total, Elmhurst School District 205 spent $6,937,334 on its top 50 highest-paid teachers in 2015.
--
Image via Shutterstock.
An estimated 25,000 to 30,000 people jammed Broad and High streets at 8?p.m. on Aug. 30, 1897, to watch “Professor” Albert J. Dugay walk a 5/8-inch wire strung between the tops of the Statehouse and the Wheeler Building.
Downtown merchants had paid to bring the tightrope walker to Columbus to drum up business during the state fair.
Join our Facebook group Remember When, Columbus? for more historical photos and stories.
The 120-foot-tall Wheeler Building stood at 5 W. Broad St. until it was razed in 1975. To the cheers of the crowd, Dugay stepped out on the wire from the top of it, only to find the wire wobbly. “I tried to dissuade him, but he insisted on trying it,” organizer Samuel Kinnear told the Ohio State Journal. Dugay had walked out about 100 feet when the searchlight that was illuminating his way from the top of the nearby Hayden Building went out.
The newspaper reported that Dugay then “kneeled on the rope and gave a little performance and then backed off to the Wheeler again. The immense crowd assembled beneath waited some time, and then slowly dispersed. The effect as he stood on rope against the black sky was something very startling.”
The next night, Dugay tried again, but the flagpole on top of the Statehouse cupola prevented him from going the distance. “The pole is in the way, and it would be impossible for the professor to pass it, and rest on the dome,” The Journal explained.
A captivated crowd watched as he walked to the middle of the wire, lay down, knelt and stood on one leg above the street that night.
The organizers never did get the flagpole moved, but they were able to improvise a resting place beside it for Dugay to use before making his return trip. On Sept. 1, he succeeded in walking to the Statehouse, doing, the paper said, “a number of hair-raising tricks.”
Whooping cough, measles, mumps. These are the diseases that preyed on our parents' and grandparents' generations and that we thought were fading from existence. In fact, all three diseases have seen a resurgence in the past decade. In 2017 Minnesota suffered a measles outbreak: in a Somali-American community with previously high vaccination rates, concerns about autism led parents to refuse the MMR vaccine against measles, mumps and rubella, and measles spread among the unvaccinated. In 2015 a large multistate measles outbreak started at a California amusement park, and many of those infected were unvaccinated children.
These troubling events show that the failure to vaccinate children endangers both the health of children themselves and others who would not be exposed to preventable illness if the community as a whole were better protected. Equally troubling, the number of deliberately unvaccinated children has grown large enough that it may be fueling more severe outbreaks. In a recent survey of more than 1,500 parents, one quarter held the mistaken belief that vaccines can cause autism in healthy children, and more than one in 10 had refused at least one recommended vaccine.
This sad state of affairs exists because parents have been persistently and insidiously misled by information in the press and on the Internet and because the health care system has not effectively communicated the counterarguments, which are powerful. Physicians and other health experts can no longer just assume that parents will readily agree to childhood inoculations and leave any discussion about the potential risks and benefits to the last minute. They need to be more proactive, provide better information and engage parents much earlier than is usually the case.
Peril of business as usual
Right now pediatricians typically bring up the need for vaccines during the well-baby checkup held about two months after birth. That visit has a jam-packed agenda. In the usual 20 minutes allotted for the appointment, the physician must learn the answers to many questions, of which the following are but a sample: How many times is the baby waking to feed at night? Is the child feeding well? Where do measurements of height, weight and head circumference fall on a standard growth chart? Do the parents know how and when to introduce solid food and how to safely lay the child down to sleep? Are various reflexes good? Can the sounds of a heart murmur be heard through the stethoscope? Are the hip joints fitting properly in their sockets, or are they dislocated?
Generally in the final seconds of the visit, assuming all has gone well up to this point, the doctor mentions the required schedule for six recommended inoculations: the first DTaP shot (for diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis, also known as whooping cough), the polio shot, a second hepatitis B shot (the first having been given in the first few days after birth), the pneumococcal conjugate shot (for bacterial pneumonia and meningitis), the Hib shot (for another type of meningitis) and finally the oral rotavirus vaccine (to prevent a severe diarrheal infection). This is the point in the visit at which more and more pediatricians report a disheartening turn of events: although most parents agree to the inoculations without hesitation, a growing number say they would like to delay or even refuse some or all of the vaccinations for their infants.
A proper conversation that respects the reluctant parents' concerns, answers their questions and reassures them that the inoculations are indeed necessary—that countless studies by hundreds of researchers over many decades have shown that vaccinations save millions of lives—will likely take at least another 20 minutes. Meanwhile, though, other families sit in the waiting room, itching for their own well-baby checkups to start.
Having this discussion at the two-month well-baby visit is too late. By then, parents may have read about any issues on the Web or chatted with other moms and dads in the park. Discussion with medical professionals should begin long before, usually during, or even prior to, the pregnancy.
Fears and facts
Although parents give many reasons for not wanting to vaccinate their children, we have noticed at least three recurring themes. Some do not believe their children are at risk for diseases such as polio, measles and tetanus, which are now rarely seen in the U.S. Others do not believe that certain vaccine-preventable diseases, such as chicken pox and measles, are particularly serious. And many worry about the safety of vaccines. The concerns may be about immediate, well-defined side effects such as fever or may take the form of anxiety that vaccines might harm the immune system or cause chronic diseases years later. Each of these concerns can be met with a careful review of the evidence.
Together we have conducted a series of studies to better quantify the risks of not vaccinating—information that speaks to the mistaken belief that today's children are unlikely to come down with whooping cough, measles or the like if they skip their inoculations. Our investigations looked at hundreds of thousands of children in Colorado and compared the risk of various vaccine-preventable diseases in children whose parents had refused or delayed vaccines with the risk in children whose parents had had them vaccinated. We found that unvaccinated children were roughly 23 times more likely to develop whooping cough, nine times more likely to be infected with chicken pox, and 6.5 times more likely to be hospitalized with pneumonia or pneumococcal disease than vaccinated children from the same communities.
Clearly, the parental decision to withhold vaccination places youngsters at greatly increased risk for potentially serious infectious diseases. These results also show the flaws in the “free rider” argument, which erroneously suggests that an unvaccinated child can avoid any real or perceived risks of inoculation because enough other children will have been vaccinated to protect the untreated child.
Depending on fate to soften the blow from an infection is also more dangerous than most people realize. One out of every 20 previously healthy children who get the measles will come down with pneumonia. One out of 1,000 will suffer an inflammation of the brain that can lead to convulsions and mental retardation, and one to two out of 1,000 will die. Similarly, chicken pox can lead to severe infections of the skin, swelling of the brain, and pneumonia. Even when no complications arise, chicken pox is painful and triggers high fevers and itchy rashes. Vaccinated children who develop chicken pox (no vaccine is perfectly effective all the time) usually suffer much milder symptoms.
Even when parents appreciate the peril of not vaccinating, they want to know that vaccines are safe. Because vaccines are given to huge numbers of people, including healthy infants, they are held to a much higher safety standard than medications used for people who are already sick. Nothing in medicine is 100 percent safe, however, and the absolute safety of vaccines cannot be proved. Safety can be inferred, though, by the relative absence of serious side effects in multiple studies.
Studying the safety of vaccines is a complicated, labor-intensive process. Fortunately, the U.S. has a sophisticated system, a federally funded program that does not receive any money from vaccine manufacturers. This system can both test specific hypotheses and perform general monitoring of the safety of newly licensed vaccines. As a new theory arises, it can be rigorously tested.
Perhaps the biggest boost to the antivaccine movement came in 1998, when, in a paper in the Lancet, Andrew J. Wakefield and 12 colleagues proposed that the measles vaccine could cause autism in susceptible children. In the years since, more than a dozen studies have convincingly shown that vaccines do not cause autism. In fact, it is rare in science that published scientific findings have been so thoroughly, and publicly, disproved. The Lancet retracted the Wakefield article in early 2010. Most of the co-authors no longer vouch for the study findings. And Wakefield himself was accused of falsifying the data and lost his medical license.
Despite the complete dismantling of Wakefield's vaccines-cause-autism hypothesis, public skepticism about vaccination has only increased as new speculative theories have been put forward. Maybe, some contend, vaccine preservatives cause long-term problems. Or maybe the growing number of vaccines all assaulting the immature immune system at once causes complications. Or perhaps trouble can arise from a toxic combination of vaccines with air pollution, chemical and metal contamination of the environment, and the increasing stress of modern life.
This cycle—debunked links followed by ever grander speculation—keeps repeating itself and is a clear indication that the scientific community is more reactive than proactive when engaging the public about vaccine safety.
So where does this leave the conversation between parents and health professionals? Several promising strategies may be emerging. We recently completed a multiyear randomized controlled trial. We found that an Internet-based intervention delivered during pregnancy and early childhood successfully improved the vaccine attitudes of parents who were already hesitant about vaccination. The intervention also improved vaccination rates. Another group of researchers has found that using a presumptive approach (“Here are the vaccines we'll be giving today”) rather than a participatory style (“What do you want to do about vaccines today?”) was associated with a higher parental intention to vaccinate. While these strategies need to be explored further, we know that parents also want a nonjudgmental face-to-face conversation with their child's doctor. And many will still want their infant's doctor to look them in the eye and say, “This is one of the best things you can do for your child's health.”
The key facts parents need to know, though, are that vaccines prevent potentially fatal diseases, that vaccines have a high degree of safety, and that their safety is constantly evaluated and reevaluated in a system operating independently from the pharmaceutical companies that make vaccines. Unless this message gets spread widely and well, too many doctors and parents are going to find themselves in emergency rooms and isolation wards, watching children suffer with the devastating effects of measles, whooping cough or some other readily preventable infectious disease.
Greetings Fellow Dice Fans!
The 3D Geekery has some amazingly cool items that every Dice Master should check out and this review article is going to give you a brief look at some of those items. You can see my review video on YouTube, here.
Note – I mentioned in the video that I couldn't find the prices for the items, but it turns out that I'm not very good at using Facebook and totally missed the prices. I've noted the prices in this article.
Dice Storage
The 3D Geekery has a few different sizes for their storage cases and they're working on even more! The one pictured above will hold 32 character dice, which is two Team Packs or two Starters worth of character dice. This storage unit is perfect for holding each Team Pack or Starter separately. The dice fit comfortably in each lane and are held in by a gate that slides and snaps in place. The gates are not easily shaken lose or jarred lose, which prevents accidental spilling of dice if the unit is dropped. If a gate should ever slide open, it will only affect that one lane of dice, unlike a tackle box or bead box which spills all of its contents if it were to accidentally open.
They can customize the units with lettering on the sides, making it very easy to label each set, Team Pack, and Starter in its own unit. The colors can be customized as well, so you can color code your sets or color code by IP.
This storage unit passed all of my durability tests, which is a major bonus. Tackle boxes and bead boxes do not pass my durability tests.
Here are the links to the different albums:
Small Storage Units ($5.00)
Large Storage Units ($10.00)
Card Shields
I mistakenly called these ‘plates' in the video. Here is a direct link to the album for their Card Shields. You can get a set of two for $3.00 which is really awesome! These are the ones that I featured in the video.
I really love the Card Shields! They are a must-have for players that play in the more competitive scenes because DWiz and Shriek are such highly used cards. These are totally worth the price and you can customize the colors and lettering as well.
Tokens
They also make a variety of tokens that are generated by certain card abilities. They've already made Squirrels, Plants, and Stun Tokens! They are priced at $2.50 per set and each set has four tokens. Here is a link to the album, here. I featured Squirrel Tokens and Stun Tokens in the video.
The Squirrels are super cute and look like chocolate! Don't eat them! You can change the color of the Squirrels if you don't like chocolate. But who doesn't like chocolate?
Stun Tokens look so much cuter than a regular six sided die or glass beads. Their Stun Tokens are very thematic and can be made in any color. I absolutely adore my pink Stun Tokens!
Colors!
The 3D Geekery has a wide range of colors and they add new ones periodically. You can see an album with all their available colors, here.
Final Thoughts
My friends at The 3D Geekery have done such an amazing job with their products and they're very affordable as well! The storage units are so amazing and I must have more! I plan to order a set of the plant tokens for Poison Ivy and would love to see what they come up with for the Experience tokens that they're working on. There is a Drizzt card that produces a Guenhwyvar token that I'd love to have a token for too.
All of my locals thought the items were amazing, cute, and very useful. Functional accessories are always the best and everything they've produced so far is functional and cute too!
The 3D Geekery has made accessories that can help every Dice Master out there and also kept those accessories affordable! On a scale of one to ten, one being “don't bother with it” and ten being “Must have!”, all of their Dice Masters accessories get a ten from me!
If you missed the link above, here it is again: The 3D Geekery. Go check them out!
Thanks for reading and watching!
If you have an accessory that you think I need to check out, let me know here or message me on Facebook at Dice Dice Kitty!
Roll on, Dice Masters!
Advertisements
AWS Lambda
For those who don't yet know, AWS Lambda is a very promising service that Amazon announced at their latest re:Invent conference. The service allows you to run custom code in response to events. The typical example they use to showcase the service is a thumbnail creator running every time there is a new image dropped into a S3 bucket. This is brilliant! Think about it for a second. You don't need to manage infrastructure anymore or worry about software updates and security patches. What about scalability and availability? Amazon handles it all for you, running your code on as many machines as required.
When auto-scaling isn't enough
Today's auto-scaling technology is good progress toward responding to increasing user requests, yet they are still insufficient. Remember the 2013 Super Bowl massive website outage? Most auto-scaling technologies have a common shortcoming: in order to boot new instances, you first have to collect analytics and reach a threshold of unacceptable response time. Then, your saviour instances will start booting. Few minutes later (and probably too late), those new instances will be ready to respond to requests. In other words, you must either predict the requests spike or suffer a few minutes downtime.
What does it have to do with AWS Lambda? Well, imagine if your web application faced a similar problem. You might have one or many servers running your app and some clients using it, but you can't predict when they'll actually log on and run calculations. And when they do, you need to respond now. You don't have the luxury of time to spin up a new instance; your SLA wouldn't be respected nor will your users be happy. On the other hand, you can't simply have many permanent instances, as it would cost too much to operate. Wouldn't it be better if you could just run those heavy computations on the cloud instead? Wouldn't it be paradise if you had a single server handling all the basic stuff like authentication and logging while executing all the CPU-intensive tasks in AWS Lambda? Of course it would be.
This isn't easy to achieve with Lambda alone. Why? Because in order to run your code on Lambda, you need to manually zip your code, upload it to AWS, invoke the function through their SDK, store the result somewhere like on a S3 bucket and poll AWS CloudWatch to know when the function finished executing so your server can get the result back.
Introducing Lambdaws
This is why my friends and I wrote this library, which runs on top of AWS Lambda. With a single line of code you can cloudify any stateless asynchronous function and make it run on Lambda. In fact, one line is a lie— it's more like a single character:
var cloudedFunction = λ(yourAsyncFunction);
I do not pretend this solves all the scalability problems modern applications face, but I do think this is where the future of cloud computing is heading. Not having to worry about underlying infrastructure is the dream of many developers, including myself.
Sooner or later, platform-as-a-service will make it trivial to build highly-scalable, high-availability applications. I think giving developers the ability to scale their functions directly is a great step toward this dream.
REUTERS In The Arena Call Karzai's Bluff
When Chuck Hagel, the U.S. secretary of defense, touched down in Afghanistan on Saturday for an unannounced visit to U.S. troops and Afghan officials, it was telling that he had no plans to meet with Afghan President Hamid Karzai.
The snub appears deliberate; it reflects American frustration with Karzai's recent decision to place fresh obstacles in front of a stalled security pact with the United States. Among other new conditions, Karzai threatened to delay ratification until after April and demanded that Washington engage the Taliban and release certain detainees from the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Tensions rose further after a U.S. drone strike killed civilians in Helmand province, provoking this outburst from Karzai: “For as long as such arbitrary acts and oppression of foreign forces continue, the security agreement with the United States will not be signed.”
Story Continued Below
It's time to play hardball. If Washington has any chance of de-escalating the situation, it should look to the lessons of negotiating a similar agreement in Iraq and prepare in earnest for the “zero option”—leaving no troops in Afghanistan after 2014. Hagel's visit, unfortunately, has the potential to reinforce two unhealthy facets of Karzai's thinking: bolstering his fears that the United States seeks to undermine Afghan sovereignty, and underscoring his belief that he—and Afghanistan—occupies a place of strategic preeminence in American policymakers' minds.
The lessons from Baghdad are instructive. Soon after the Iraq invasion, Washington tried to negotiate a comparable accord, known as a Status of Forces Agreement, that authorized the presence of troops and defined their status and role. But interim Iraqi leaders recoiled, citing sovereignty and legitimacy concerns. Instead, coalition officials summarily granted themselves de facto SOFA rights—a provisional measure that actually lasted for years and caused major blowback after contractors killed civilians and were subsequently shielded from prosecution. When SOFA talks reopened in 2008, they were so contentious and destabilizing that some policymakers murmured about “replacing” Iraq's Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. In late 2008, the George W. Bush administration eventually secured a three-year deal after substantial compromises: Troops would withdraw first from cities and then Iraq entirely, and would nominally be subject to shared jurisdiction. As that agreement neared its conclusion, the Obama administration put forward another SOFA that would have authorized a residual U.S. military presence past 2012. But the negotiations were profoundly divisive, and the Obama administration eventually gave up and proceeded with a complete withdrawal.
Afghanistan bears striking similarities. Interim Afghan officials once agreed to a de facto SOFA via a two-page diplomatic “note.” In 2005, Karzai planned to offer a full-fledged agreement—but after a 2008 airstrike caused numerous civilian casualties, he insisted on a reassessment of foreign forces and a SOFA similar to Iraq's. By 2012, Washington and Kabul had hammered out some high-level goals and reopened SOFA talks, but controversy quickly ensued, particularly surrounding issues of jurisdiction, village/night raids and security guarantees. After months of negotiations and a personal intervention by Secretary of State John Kerry last month, it appeared that a deal was finally done. Karzai convened a loya jirga of 2,500 tribal elders to vote on the SOFA, which somewhat unexpectedly approved it. But then Karzai added new conditions and re-escalated his rhetoric.
Iranian Mehdi Ghadyanloo's canvas is the skyline. His illusions create windows to other — more magical — worlds. Seeking to combine minimalist architectural spaces with surreal scenes from another universe, he has painted over 100 murals across the Iranian capital, giving unsuspecting drivers good reason to do a double take, as the fantasy blends in with the real.
Like exaggerated dream sequences, his images portray gravity-defying figures and portholes to other dimensions, all from altered perspectives that meld sky and structure.
About Mehdi Ghadyanloo
Mehdi Ghadyanloo is an Iranian painter, born 1980 in Karaj, Iran. He moved to the capital to study at Tehran University's College of Fine Arts. He graduated with a BA in 2005 and subsequently earned a MA in film studies from Tehran's Teachers College (Tarbiyat-e Modarres).
Known primarily for his gigantic trempe l'oeil [1] style murals in central Tehran, Ghadyanloo also creates small scale paintings, with surreal and minimalistic themes. Through his works, Ghadyanloo opens a window into the mood of life in Iran today. At the same time, he provides an autobiographical perspective, portraying the landscapes of his youth, his memories of Iran-Iraq war (1980-1988), and his life experience in the Islamic Republic.
In 2015 he visited London for an exhibition of his “indoor” paintings, and painted murals there also, including one in Shoreditch.
A report from CNN about Mehdi Ghadyanloo:
Related articles:
1. The Guardian | Tehran's answer to Banksy: Mehdi Ghadyanloo hits Britain,
2. Howard Griffin Gallery | Artists | Mehdi Ghadyanloo
3. Urban Outfitters Blog | Artist of the week: Mehdi Ghadyanloo
4. Facelifting Tehran | One Wall at a Time: Interview with Mehdi Ghadyanloo
Comments
[1] trompe-l'oeil: Art technique that uses realistic imagery to create the optical illusion that the depicted objects exist in three dimensions.
Mehdi Ghadyanloo on Facebook, Bēhance, Instagram and Twitter
Sources: CNN, Huffington Post, Howard Griffin Prints, Wikipedia | Mehdi Ghadyanloo, The Guardian, Facebook | Blue Sky Painters, Bēhance, fubiz.net, yourmiddleeast.com, Wikipedia | Trompe-l'oeil
Does your cat love to sit on your desk (or computer) while you're trying to work or go on MMORPG raids? Reddit user rimcrimp suggests using a board game box to give your cat a home on your workspace.
Cats love boxes. If your cat wants to sit near you while working and isn't content to stay on the ground you can keep your feline friend from knocking stuff over by giving him or her their own space. Just flip a board game box upside down or any other similarly-sized boxes will work. Your cat will love you even more if you can find a way to place that box in sunlight.
Advertisement
For other tips on how to make your feline friends happy see our recent post on the top 10 ways to upgrade your cat's life.
LPT: If your cat loves to sit on/in front of your computer, flip the top of a board game box upside down and set if off to the side. Boxes are like magnets for cats. | Reddit Life Pro Tips
The Department of Labor reviewed the fiduciary rule at the behest of President Trump but couldn't find a legal basis to block it. - Wikimedia Commons
Listen To The Story Marketplace Embed Code <iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/06/08/economy/labor-departments-fiduciary-rule-takes-effect/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe>
Starting June 9, a new rule goes into effect that raises the standards for investment advisers.
The Department of Labor's fiduciary rule, as it's known, simply says investment managers have to put the best interest of their clients first.
“There is a whole segment of the retirement industry who currently only have to adhere to a much dramatically lower standard,” said Scott Puritz, managing director with Rebalance IRA.
What does that mean in the real world? It means investment managers can sell you on an investment, from which they get a commission, even if it's not the best deal for you. For example, “they can recommend actively managed mutual funds, which have higher fee structures,” said Puritz, even when when there are low-cost alternatives. Puritz estimates Americans are charged $17 billion in excess fees each year.
So the fiduciary rule basically says, no, investment advisers, if you're managing people's retirement accounts, you have to put their interests first.
“Well, nothing's wrong with that concept,” said Ken Bentsen, CEO of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, but, he adds “we think the Department of Labor rule has a number of unintended consequences.”
The rule makes it possible, for example, to file a class action lawsuit against firms that sell commission-based products, so some investment advisers have tried to limit their legal liability by just not offering certain services, he said.
“We're seeing that firms are now in the process of shedding low balance accounts, shifting brokerage commission accounts, which are much more cost efficient, into managed accounts, which are less cost efficient.”
The Obama administration spent five years putting the fiduciary rule into place. After his election, President Trump called on the Department of Labor to review the rule, and Secretary of Labor Alex Acosta said he couldn't find a principled legal basis to block it. That doesn't necessarily mean the rule is home free, though.
“He also said the agency will continue its review of costs and benefits of this rule until the Jan. 1 final implementation date,” said Dana Muir, professor of business at University of Michigan's Ross School of Business. “The department has the ability to rescind a regulation that it has implemented.”
Russel Crowe Proves That You Can Smoke and Eat Fast Food While Bike Training
While getting in shape for his next movie, Russel Crowe was recently photographed while getting into shape on his bicycle. Nothing wrong with that, right? Lots of celebrities ride their bikes to stay healthy. Matthew McConaughey even rides bikes with Lance Armstrong. So why not Russel Crowe? Well, I guess the difference is that they don't stop for a smoke break, and for tacos and soda.
So the media did what the media does best – report on the most important news. In particular, Journalist Annette Sharp of Sydney's Daily Telegraph wrote an article titled “Smokes and fatty foods — the fitness regime for Rusty.” In the past, I think that Russel Crowe has proven that he is not one to mess with. He seems to take himself pretty seriously, and I think that there are a couple of paparazzi that can vouch for that. Well, in this case, there is one tired journalist.
Russel Crowe, very cordially i might add, invited the journalist out for a bike ride to prove that he is in fine shape – despite his unusual fitness regiment. According to Sky News, Crowe's spokesperson called Sharp the day after the article was published, and said “Get on your bike. Russell wants you to go riding with him. Are you ready to die?” A 20km (12 mile) ride from Crowe's home at Woolloomooloo to Bondi was the challenge, and the journalist accepted.
From Annette Sharp's article after the challenge:
Crowe was waiting at the end of the wharf wearing a South Sydney vest. He offered me one before asking: “You can ride a bike, right?”
We were joined by Crowe's assistant – biochemist turned businessman turned PA – Texan Keith Rodger.
Within moments the actor had launched himself from the footpath and into the early morning traffic. By the time I'd waited for the traffic to clear, Crowe was out of sight. The game was to be cat and mouse and it seemed we'd be jumping kerbs.
“You'll soon realise that from Woolloomooloo, everything is uphill,” he called over his shoulder after we'd found him.
He was right. We climbed up Bourke St and into Surry Hills, then turning our bikes left to the new Redfern Park.
Crowe, the South Sydney team owner, is rightly proud of the transformation here. At this point my duelling opponent had become a tour guide. “This is actually not a workout. This is just something I love doing in Sydney,” he explained, “and LA.”
On through Bondi Junction, up to Bellevue Hill to admire the outstanding view north and east from the summit and then we headed into Cooper Park – off road.
I was sliding exuberantly down the track when, with a thump, I came off the seat and landed painfully on the crossbar. Soon I was on the ground.
This was surely it. His victory moment, with me sprawled in the dirt. Yet he was gracious, concerned – the perfect gentleman as he rolled up my trousers to check my knee.
We got back on our bikes and rode on. Everyone should see Sydney like this.
When we emerged from the gully we were in Double Bay and Crowe decided I'd had enough – 20.3km covered at a speed of 15km/h. Not bad for a first-timer.
“Better than Baz Luhrmann,” he offered. “You're twice the man Baz is.”
Rachel Nichols has expressed hopes that her sci-fi series Continuum will continue past its fourth season.
Continuum - which stars Nichols as time-traveller Kiera - will premiere its third season tomorrow night on Syfy.
Diyah Pera
"In season three, we build the story and the idea of time travel," the actress told Digital Spy. "[There's] different timelines and people coming from different timelines - everything's going to get more complicated, but in the best sense of the word."
A fourth and final season of Continuum - spanning six episodes - will start shooting in March for a late 2015 broadcast in Canada, but Nichols told DS that she remains "optimistic" about the show's future.
"I'd like to see the fourth season be such an incredible success that maybe we can get a little bit more out of it," she admitted. "Maybe there are some legs to it somewhere else and I think that the fans would be in support of that.
"I know that we're gonna do everything possible to make season four even more electric and thought-provoking than prior seasons, so of course I'd like to be optimistic and think that perhaps this isn't the end."
Nichols added that she was "disappointed" with the decision to wrap up Continuum but "very grateful" that the series was granted its final six episodes.
"I don't want the story to end and I know there's so much more to be told," she explained. "I know the show creator Simon Barry has so much more in his head that he could do with the show for years to come, but those aren't the decisions that I get to make.
"But at least we're being given a chance to give the show the proper end it deserves, and give the fans answers to at least some of their questions… I can't promise that all of their questions will be answered!"
Continuum season three begins tomorrow night (Wednesday, January 28) at 10pm on Syfy.
Continuum renewed for fourth and final season by Syfy
Watch a teaser for Continuum season three:
Photo credit: Twitter Photo credit: Twitter
A few years ago, my mother gave me a Christmas present (nice Jewish family, right?). I had no idea what it was, and I was a bit puzzled by the package — a plain cardboard box with the following on the label: WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. This got me wondering why my mother would get me weapons-grade uranium as a gift. After all, I've been a pretty good son, and I don't remember asking for any. Then again, the package was too light, so I ruled that out pretty quickly. But, what could be in there? A plastic bird house.
If you're wondering why a box containing a bird house requires a Proposition 65 (1) warning label, you are not alone. But, if you live in California, you won't even notice it. Proposition 65 stickers are everywhere: hotel rooms, restaurants, automobile showrooms, art supply stores, supermarkets, parking garages, hardware stores, Starbucks, and on beaches. But not on your penis.
That would actually make some sense scientifically. More on that later. California is required to periodically update the Prop 65 list. The most recent list was published on May 20, and now contains 952 chemicals. Some of them make sense (tobacco smoke, benzene, asbestos, and arsenic), but some clearly do not.
For example, Valium is on the list. Let's say that you are haunted by an obsessive fear of getting cancer, and your doctor writes you a prescription for Valium. Isn't the label going to screw with your head? The list contains these too: codeine, gasoline, tetracycline, aspirin, nickel, birth control pills, alcohol, and Chinese-style salted fish. Also, you'll find pyridine (one of the chemicals in coffee), orange oil and wood dust. Which suggests, at the very least, that one should not drink coffee while doing carpentry that requires an orange finish.
So, why shouldn't California slap a label on your penis? It is far more likely to cause cancer than coffee, alcohol, or gasoline. Men develop 3-4 million cases of genital warts per year. The human papilloma virus (HPV) is the cause of the warts. Several strains of HPV are known to cause cervical cancer (as well as cancers of the anus, vagina, penis, and throat). There are more than 30,000 new HPV-related cancers every year, and a good number of these are caused by penises.
Yet, coffee, which causes approximately zero cancers every year is on the Prop 65 list, while the male appendage is not. Illogical, and possibly even discriminatory. Something needs to be done! Perhaps a public campaign. Since public campaigns need a catchy slogan, here's my entry: "Stick it out for a sticker." Can you do better? Let's have a contest! Winner gets a doubly-awesome, free ACSH coffee mug, giving you the opportunity to enjoy your carcinogenic coffee in style.
Come on guys. Do your worst!
Note: (1) Proposition 65, which is officially titled "The Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986," originally was well intended; it was drafted to stop pollutants from being discharged into water. It has since been subverted by predatory trial lawyers, who will sue companies for failing to disclose any potentially "harmful" chemicals in their products. Whether the chemicals are really harmful or not makes little difference. Now, companies are forced to label anything that is made in the state. This makes the label meaningless. Labeling everything is the same as labeling nothing. The law is now a joke, but it is a bad joke. Just like my title.
Update June 6: OK, the madness may stop. We have a winner: "Warning: Chemicals found in this organ have been known to cause birth." Thanks to Ron Sullivan. The mug shall be yours!
Sony Corporation held a press conference in Japan today where it announced its upcoming slate of smartphone titles from its March-formed ForwardWorks, a subsidiary of Sony Interactive Entertainment.
Get all the announcements below. (All release dates are for Japan.)
Hot Shots Golf
ForwardWorks' first title will be golf title Hot Shots Golf, due out in spring 2017 for iOS and Android. It is developed by Drecom.
Watch a trailer below.
No Heroes Allowed! DASH!
ForwardWorks' second title will be an action puzzle smartphone entry in the No Heroes Allowed! / What Did I Do to Deserve This, My Lord? series, due out in summer 2017 for iOS and Android. It is developed by SIE Japan Studio.
Watch a trailer below.
Arc the Lad and Wild Arms Reboot Projects
A reboot project that continues the story of the famous PlayStation RPG Arc the Lad featuring the original staff is in development. This includes Arc the Lad 1 and 2 producer Toshiro Tsuchida, scenario writer Norihiko Yonesaka, art planning and supervision's Eiji Koyama, Ryuichi Kunisue, and Hiroshi Hayashi, and music by T-Square's Masahiro Andoh. It is developed by AltPlus.
A reboot project of Wild Arms, the popular RPG series celebrating its 20th anniversary, is in development. It follows a new story and features the original staff. It is developed by Wright Flyer Studios.
Watch a teaser trailer for both reboot projects below.
Doko Demo Issho, PaRappa, and Boku no Natsuyasumi
The Doko Demo Issho, PaRappa, and Boku no Natsuyasumi series will sequentially be developed for smartphones. Details, including developers, will be announced at a later date.
Disgaea and Yomawari
In partnership with Nippon Ichi Software, ForwardWorks will develop game apps based on the Disgaea and Yomawari series.
Square Enix
Square Enix and Forward Works are progressing on a joint project for smartphones. Details will be announced at a later date.
New IP
ForwardWorks is also working on its first original title, Sora to Umi no Aida (The Space Between the Sky and Sea), which is an original work and under the general management of Sakura Wars creator Oji Hiroi. It is developed in-house at ForwardWorks.
Watch a teaser trailer below.
Project Field
A new game experience, Project Field is real trading card game platform fused with a smartphone application developed by Sony Corporation. ForwardWorks will offer content for it.
Yo-kai Watch for Project Field
The first game content being developed for Project Field is from the Yo-kai Watch series.
Vice President Mike Pence had an interview today on Meet The Press, where he faced questions from Chuck Todd about President Trump‘s latest defensive remarks about Vladimir Putin.
Fox's Bill O'Reilly called the Russian president a “killer” during a conversation with Trump, and Trump responded by saying “we've got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country's so innocent?” The comments have attracted major media intrigue, and Todd asked Pence “is there a moral equivalency” to put America on the same standard as Russia.
Pence said there was no equivalency, and he argued that Trump wants to find common interest with Russia in order to work towards mutual goals. When Pence denied that Trump seemed to suggest that American leaders have done the same things Putin has in his regime, Todd pressed on and asked “why can't [Trump] say a negative thing about Vladimir Putin?”
Pence reiterated his argument that Trump wants to have a constructive relationship with Putin and other world leaders. As he went on, Todd asked Pence again if he was comfortable with the moral equivalency Trump expressed in his interview.
You can see how Pence responded in the video above (start at 8:00), via NBC.
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Adobe has released updates for Adobe Acrobat, Reader, and Flash that resolve a total of 42 security vulnerabilities. As many of these vulnerabilities are rated as Critical, it is strongly advised that anyone using these products immediately update them to the latest version.
A vulnerability is rated as Critical when it could allow attackers to remotely execute code on an affected machine. This would allow them to execute almost any command on the remote computer without the knowledge of the owner.
Adobe Security Update Summary:
Adobe has released security updates that resolve 29 vulnerabilities in Adobe Acrobat and Reader for Windows and Macintosh. These updates address critical vulnerabilities that could potentially allow an attacker to take control of the affected system.
CVE number: CVE-2017-2939, CVE-2017-2940, CVE-2017-2941, CVE-2017-2942, CVE-2017-2943, CVE-2017-2944, CVE-2017-2945, CVE-2017-2946, CVE-2017-2947, CVE-2017-2948, CVE-2017-2949, CVE-2017-2950, CVE-2017-2951, CVE-2017-2952, CVE-2017-2953, CVE-2017-2954, CVE-2017-2955, CVE-2017-2956, CVE-2017-2957, CVE-2017-2958, CVE-2017-2959, CVE-2017-2960, CVE-2017-2961, CVE-2017-2962, CVE-2017-2963, CVE-2017-2964, CVE-2017-2965, CVE-2017-2966, CVE-2017-2967.
Vulnerability Details:
These updates resolve a type confusion vulnerability that could lead to code execution (CVE-2017-2962).
These updates resolve use-after-free vulnerabilities that could lead to code execution (CVE-2017-2950, CVE-2017-2951, CVE-2017-2955, CVE-2017-2956, CVE-2017-2957, CVE-2017-2958, CVE-2017-2961).
These updates resolve heap buffer overflow vulnerabilities that could lead to code execution (CVE-2017-2942, CVE-2017-2945, CVE-2017-2946, CVE-2017-2949, CVE-2017-2959, CVE-2017-2966).
These updates resolve buffer overflow vulnerabilities that could lead to code execution (CVE-2017-2948, CVE-2017-2952).
These updates resolve memory corruption vulnerabilities that could lead to code execution (CVE-2017-2939, CVE-2017-2940, CVE-2017-2941, CVE-2017-2943, CVE-2017-2944, CVE-2017-2953, CVE-2017-2954, CVE-2017-2960, CVE-2017-2963, CVE-2017-2964, CVE-2017-2965, CVE-2017-2967).
These updates resolve a security bypass vulnerability (CVE-2017-2947).
Adobe has released security updates that resolve 13 vulnerabilities in Adobe Flash Player for Windows, Macintosh, Linux and Chrome OS. These updates address critical vulnerabilities that could potentially allow an attacker to take control of the affected system.
CVE number: CVE-2017-2925, CVE-2017-2926, CVE-2017-2927, CVE-2017-2928, CVE-2017-2930, CVE-2017-2931, CVE-2017-2932, CVE-2017-2933, CVE-2017-2934, CVE-2017-2935, CVE-2017-2936, CVE-2017-2937, CVE-2017-2938.
Vulnerability Details:
Is the United States more or less safe than on 9/11? A recent Fox News poll showed by a slight margin, Americans feel the country is less safe.
The Special Report panel - Judge Andrew Napolitano, Charles Krauthammer and Juan Williams - took on this question on the 13th anniversary of the September 11th terror attacks.
Judge Napolitano says Americans are increasingly accepting the "myth" that they must trade civil liberties in exchange for better security. He believes the poll should ask whether the country is more or less free than before the 9/11 attacks.
"I would say we are profoundly less free. Every single liberty guaranteed in the Bill of Rights has been violated with impunity by the Bush administration and by the Obama administration. ... It is the worst of all worlds because we now have come to a point where we expect the government to spy on us. We don't even complain about it. And our grandchildren will be raised in an environment that will know no privacy," he said.
Bret Baier asked whether the country would have made it 13 years without a major terrorist attack without enhanced security measures, like the NSA and the Patriot Act.
The judge said there has been no major attack because the CIA kills "the bad guys" overseas, not because the NSA spies on "decent, hardworking Americans."
He later said he sees even more totalitarianism in the United States now than in East Germany in 1989.
Juan Williams pushed back that Judge Napolitano had gone "too far."
What do you think about the question of civil liberties versus security?
Stewart Shaw and Julia Parrish, CTV Edmonton
Edmonton police confirmed Tuesday that overnight calls to three separate locations lead officers to find a total of nine people dead overnight.
EPS said officers were called to a weapons complaint just before 7 p.m. Monday, at a home near Haswell Court and 16 Avenue.
Police said a man had entered the home, discharged a firearm, and left.
When officers arrived, they found a middle-aged woman unresponsive inside, she was pronounced dead at the scene.
EPS later identified Cyndi Duong, 37, as the woman found dead in that home. An autopsy confirmed she died as a result of a gunshot wound.
Later, officers in North Division were called to an address near 83 Street and 180 Avenue at about 8:30 p.m. Monday – the man was not found, and EPS said officers noticed nothing suspicious at that location.
“A check of exterior of the residence revealed nothing suspicious, also, no signs of a suspect vehicle,” EPS Chief Rod Knecht said Tuesday night.
EPS returned to the same location at midnight for a second check-on-welfare call surrounding a suicidal male.
“Further investigation and significant disclosure by a second individual resulted in patrol officers returning to the scene, and grounds were then established which authorized a breach into the residence,” Knecht said.
At that time, police said they didn't find the male in question – but when they entered the home, found seven bodies; three women, two men and two children, a girl and a boy, both under the age of 10-years-old, inside.
The tragedy shocked neighbours.
“When innocent kids that don't have anything to do with anything are killed, I'm just disgusted and shocked,” Farley Yuras said. “It's just horrible that that would happen.”
Finally, EPS Homicide detectives, with help from Fort Saskatchewan RCMP, found a deceased male at the VN Express restaurant in Fort Saskatchewan, about 40 kilometres northeast of Edmonton.
According to police, they found a black SUV tied to the first incident at the restaurant, and the man was found inside, dead of an apparent suicide.
Several windows and the front door of that restaurant had been smashed.
The events in Fort Saskatchewan had Edmonton police connecting the deceased man to the seven found dead overnight.
“At this time I can confirm that this male is the same male that police have been attempting to locate since 8:28 p.m. yesterday [Monday],” Knecht said Tuesday afternoon. “Currently, our homicide investigators have determined links between these homicides.”
The Police Chief also said they were not searching for further suspects, and said there was no risk to the public.
“This series of events are not believed to be random acts, and there is no risk to the broader public,” Knecht said. “They do not appear to be gang related, but rather tragic incidents of domestic violence.”
Knecht later said the weapon used in the incidents was a 9 mm handgun, a weapon that had been legally purchased in 1997 and registered in B.C., it was reported stolen in that province in 2006.
The Police Chief also said the home on Edmonton's north side was known to police.
“Previously, EPS officers attended this residence on two separate occasions,” Knecht said. “The first, in November of 2012 where a male suspect was arrested and charged with offences relating to domestic violence, sexual assault and uttering threats, the second occurrence in 2013 related to a check on welfare.
“This male subject, well known to Edmonton police and has a criminal record dating back to 1987.”
EPS said the identities of the deceased are not being released, until the cause of deaths can be confirmed, along with identities and notification of next of kin.
Land title documents obtained by CTV News showed a Phu Lam and Tien Truong had owned the north Edmonton home since July, 2012 – taking out a $365,837 mortgage for the home with the Royal Bank.
Legal action taken by the Royal Bank saw Tien Troung and a Thuy-Tien Thi Truong sued and forced to pay more than $25,000 in January 2014.
As for connections between the individuals, police said they believed the seven people found in the north side home were related, but that had not been confirmed – the man found dead in the restaurant is believed to have had a business interest in the restaurant.
Late Tuesday evening, Knecht said officers were still processing the scenes.
Additional details from investigators are expected in the New Year, after autopsies are completed.
With files from Veronica Jubinville, Brenna Rose and Susan Amerongen
Some remedies using salt have been suggested as helping reduce the severity and pain and speeding healing of canker sores. Health 911 suggests gargling with 1 tsp. soda and a pinch of salt dissolved in 1 cup of warm water. Gargle with this solution at the first sign of the canker sore. Another treatment using salt requires 2 tbsp. of salt dissolved in 6 oz. of warm water. Rinse the mouth with this solution three to four times a day to draw fluid out of the sore, helping it heal. A third suggestion from Health 911 requires 1/4 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. goldenseal powder and 1 cup warm water. Rinse the mouth several times a day. A pinch of powdered goldenseal applied to the sore may help as well. A British study, according to SaveYourSmile, found that people suffering from canker sores often said that salt-water rinses, among several treatment options, were the least effective. However, because some people experience a benefit from the salt-water rinse -- and the treatment is inexpensive -- it is worth a try. SaveYourSmile recommends mixing 1 tsp. salt with a cup of warm water, swishing it around the mouth for a minute and then spitting it out. Medline Plus recommends rinsing the mouth with salt water or a mild mouthwash.
Pakistan court issues warrants for 2 police officers accused of negligence in Bhutto's killing.
A Pakistani court has issued arrest warrants for two police officials accused of failing to provide proper security for former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on the day she was assassinated. They are also accused of cleaning the crime scene before evidence could be collected.
Prosecutor Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali identified the men Sunday as former Rawalpindi police chief Saud Aziz and Superintendent Khurram Shahzad.
Ali said the two could be arrested at any time. The officials could not be reached for comment.
Bhutto was killed in 2007 just weeks after returning to the country from self-imposed exile.
A U.N. commission in April said her assassination could have been prevented. It blamed all levels of government for failing to provide adequate security.
Source: AP News
Mochila insert follows…
Hillary Defends Al Franken – He Doesn't Need To Resign, He Is My Friend (AUDIO)
Guest post by Michael LaChance at American Lookout:
Hillary Clinton came to Al Franken's defense during a radio interview yesterday. She said that her “friend” Franken is doing all the right things in the wake of his scandal and that he doesn't need to resign.
From the New York Daily News:
When it comes to allegations of sexual misconduct, Hillary Clinton sees a clear difference between Democrats and Republicans. The former secretary of state chatted with WABC radio host Rita Cosby in a sweeping Friday afternoon interview centered on sexual impropriety in politics, fielding questions about GOP Senate nominee Roy Moore, President Trump, her husband and Democratic Sen. Al Franken. “He's a good friend of mine and I deeply regret what he did. There's no excuse for his behavior but he has called for an investigation and apologized to the woman involved,” Clinton said. “Look at the contrast between Al Franken, accepting responsibility, apologizing, and Roy Moore and Donald Trump who have done neither.”
She is such a hypocrite. If Franken was a Republican, she would be the loudest voice in the nation calling for his resignation.
Maybe she could spend a little more time trying to accept the results of the election and less time opining on current events.
Montreal's Saint Joseph's Oratory wants to be excluded from a class-action lawsuit that alleges a Roman Catholic religious order sexually abused its members on the site.
The oratory is seeking, from the Supreme Court, leave to appeal a Quebec Court of Appeal decision that authorized a lawsuit against the Congregation of Holy Cross, the oratory and other institutions.
Holy Cross is the religious order that built the oratory and continues to provide religious services on the site.
The lawsuit outlines alleged abuse carried out by a member of Holy Cross committed in the oratory during the 1950s.
The oratory, which filed its leave request on Friday, said it is "exceptionally targeted as the only place cited and as an institution" in the latest lawsuit.
It also questioned the legitimacy of the case, adding that a "judicial burden" is being wrongfully imposed on the oratory.
Sébastien Richard, a spokesperson for the victims, said in September, when the Court of Appeal authorized the lawsuit, that the oratory had "stayed silent for a long time" about the alleged abuse.
In 2013, the Congregation of Holy Cross apologized and paid up to $18 million to compensate victims for abuse that occurred at three Quebec institutions (not including the oratory) over a five-decade span.
Given the number of characters in the Star Trek franchise, it can come as no surprise that a vast number of actors have been considered for roles at one point or another. Because of certain castings, entire characters have been re-written to fit their new actors. In fact, I'm pretty sure that with the exception of Enterprise, the producers have had an actor in mind for the Captain of each Star Trek series and subsequently went with someone else. A couple of these are documented in this list, but for example, Alexander Siddig (then going by the name of Siddig El-Fadil) was actually the first choice actor to play Commander Benjamin Sisko on Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. It was only when they decided he was too young that they offered him the part of Doctor Julian Bashir and started looking for a new leading man. Some of these changes have been a result of aiming too high  going for actors who are too prominent already and don't want to commit to a series. Some are ongoing arguments with the studio who are pushing for a change in the attributes of a character. And some are just Gene Roddenberry disagreeing with all of his other Executive Producers combined. But that's Roddenberry's prerogative, it is after all, his show. Quite a few of these rejected actors went on to appear elsewhere in the franchise. For example, Tim Russ was considered to play Geordi La Forge in Star Trek: The Next Generation. He later had a background part in Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country and gained the main cast role of Tuvok in Star Trek: Voyager. Others will never be seen again in Star Trek. Like Wesley Snipes... who was also considered for the part of Geordi La Forge. Some stories simply don't have a great deal of substance to them other than being quite tantalising. Such as Sean Connery in Star Trek V: The Final Frontier as Spock's brother, or Tom Hanks in Star Trek: First Contact as Zephram Cochrane. Of course the J.J. Abrams films continue this trend, with Matt Damon, Adrien Brody, Joshua Jackson (as Kirk!) and Benecio Del Toro as Khan. So here are my favourite top ten stories from the twisty turny world of Star Trek casting. Needless to say that there are probably enough alternative castings to do a top fifty, but there are a sample at least. Hopefully I might have at least picked out a couple that most fans aren't familiar with, and as always feel free to leave comments below about other casting stories that you enjoy!
University of Illinois researchers have developed a tattoo-like electronic mesh that attaches to skin, and can measure vital statistics and report them wirelessly to a computer. The thin device includes electrodes, sensors, power, and a wireless communications system, in what looks like no more than a bandage, reports MIT Technology Review. The sensors can measure the hydration and temperature of the skin beneath it, as well as any strain being applied to the area. The mesh is applied by a rubber stamp, and it could be used to discreetly monitor a patient's recovery sites after surgery.
According to MIT Technology Review, the research team previously developed this technology in a thicker form that adhered to a rubber backing. It's now one-thirteenth as thick as before, and it can be worn for up to two weeks before it will begin to naturally fall off. Despite the seemingly flimsier makeup, this new version holds up better to wear and tear, and applying something as simple as a spray-on bandage over top of the device will provide a significant amount of further protection. The project's lead researcher cofounded a company called MC10, and he hopes that a year and a half from now MC10 will be able to bring the new developments to market.
By Cheree
Natural & Frugal: Raising 6 Kids
My family loves making and using all things DIY including cleaning and using essential oils to clean with. We love passing on the recipes we discover and love to everyone so they can enjoy them as well. These DIY cleaners are natural and can be customized to fit your own preference. Toxic free and DIY is what I am all about.
Scum and Grime-Fighting Multi-Purpose Spray Cleaner
1 Spray bottle
3 parts hydrogen peroxide to 1 parts water
10 drops of eucalyptus essential oil
10 drops of lemon essential oil
Because of the hydrogen peroxide in this mixture either store in dark cupboard when not using, or just mix in the brown hydrogen peroxide bottle and add the sprayer to that bottle. Great for cleaning all around the home, even mirrors. Keep handy for fast cleaning of any area in your home. Great on grease, as well as to clean surfaces and appliances too.
Multi-Purpose Lemon Eucalyptus Cleaner
1 Spray bottle
Straight white vinegar
10 drops of eucalyptus essential oil
Also great all around your home. Works great on Windows mirrors and chrome, sliding tub doors, appliances, and more. (Optional add lemon essential oil as well).
Bathroom Deodorizing, Germ-Fighting Room Spray
1 Spray bottle
Distilled water
10 to 20 drops each eucalyptus essential oil and lemon essential oil
Great to mist in the air of any room but can also be used as a surface cleaner, sink, toilet, and tub cleaner. Great room deodorizer and sanitizer.
Multi-Purpose Natural Stone and Granite Cleaner
Straight 3% hydrogen peroxide or hydrogen peroxide and water
5 to 20 drops of eucalyptus essential oil
Great for all surfaces even chrome. Keep in original brown bottle that the hydrogen peroxide comes in with spray top or keep in dark when not in use. This is also a great room deodorizer and disinfecting spray and also a great cleaner for most surfaces, plus it is great for cleaning the bathroom as well.
Granite Stone Soft Scrub
Mix baking soda and water or hydrogen peroxide with a few drops eucalyptus essential oil mix into a paste. Use a washcloth to rub in or a soft toothbrush and use a damp washcloth to wash off the residue and then clean with a spray cleaner.
Spray Hand Sanitizer
Add 10 to 20 drops each of eucalyptus, lavender, and tea tree oil in distilled water in a small misting spray bottle. This sanitizer is one of those that is so easy to make but so effective, you can add the amount of essential oils desired and it can even double as natural perfume, cleaner, sanitizing spray (for carts, high chairs, etc while out), and room deodorizer. Great for spraying on beds in motel rooms too.
I have been natural for a very long time and I started becoming totally DIY around 9 years ago, I was baffled to find that so many were charging for these DIY recipes so I decided I would share what I know free to anyone who wanted to learn. I am a mom of 6, married 19 years, and a 5 year cancer survivor living the amazing natural life.
Read the full article and comment here.
More Non-Toxic DIY Coconut Oil Recipes:
CLOSE President Donald Trump signed an executive order to create an accountability and whistleblower protection office at the Department of Veterans Affairs. (April 27) AP
President Trump signs an executive order on improving accountability and whistleblower protection at the Department of Veterans Affairs on April 27, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo: Olivier Douliery - Pool/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON – As President Trump signed an executive order Thursday seeking to provide more protections to whistle-blowers at the Department of Veterans Affairs, the very people he's trying to protect are leery.
In locations spanning from Arizona to Delaware, and Florida to Wisconsin, current and former employees who endured retaliation from superiors after they reported abuses have watched as those managers retained their positions — and were even promoted in some cases.
In Tomah, Wis., a human resources manager is still in place seven years after signing off on punishment for a psychologist who raised concerns about a colleague prescribing too many narcotics at the hospital. The psychologist, Christopher Kirkpatrick, went home and committed suicide.
The hospital later became known as “candy land” because of the prolific prescriptions, and a veteran died there in 2014 from mixed drug toxicity.
The same HR manager did nothing as now-former employee Ryan Honl was stripped of his job duties, locked out of his office and isolated from coworkers a day after he reported fraud and other problems at the Tomah hospital, Honl said. His direct supervisor who initiated the actions in 2014 got a promotion.
"Until there are concrete changes all the way down the chain of command at VA hospitals,” Honl told USA TODAY, “it's all hot air.”
The order Trump signed creates a new office at the VA that will investigate allegations of misconduct – including retaliation against whistle-blowing employees who reported abuses — and seek to identify systemic barriers that have previously hindered the agency's top leaders from more adequately addressing such problems in the past, including with disciplinary action.
"With the creation of this office, we are sending a strong message: Those who fail our veterans will be held, for the first time, accountable," Trump said. "At the same time, we will reward and retain the many VA employees who do a fantastic job, of which we have many. ...We have also some of the most honest employees, and some of them expose wrongdoing, and we will make sure that they're protected."
The Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection will report directly to VA Secretary David Shulkin and focus on all levels of the agency. A different office set up in 2014 with similar goals focused more on senior leaders.
“My concern is in regards to the individuals that will make up this office,” said Germaine Clarno, a social worker who exposed misconduct at the VA in Hines, Ill. “My fear is that it will be the same bureaucrats that got us into this mess.”
Clarno, who co-founded a group two years ago of more than 40 whistle-blowers from VA medical facilities in more than a dozen states, said the “fear of retaliation has gotten worse not better.”
“You can put together any office, pass legislation and put in place executive orders, but until whistle-blowers are honored and recognized for their courage and dedication nothing will be considered authentic,” she said.
Trump was joined at the signing Thursday by Brandon Coleman, an outspoken addiction counselor who reported lapses in care of mental health patients at the Phoenix VA in 2015 and then was subjected to allegations of misconduct and internal investigations.
"For this new whistle-blower division to be successful within the VA, it is important that whistle-blowers are included,” Coleman told USA TODAY. “We are the only ones who were telling the truth about wait times, lack of care for suicidal vets and other issues over the past three years. We are a valuable resource and know firsthand what happens within the VA to us for simply telling the truth."
Back at the Phoenix VA, Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez says it's still happening. Rodriguez, chief of specialty care clinics scheduling, is facing internal investigation and discipline after he reported improperly canceled appointments and delays in veteran care.
“I doubt the presidential order will curb the abuse happening at the Phoenix VA or any other VA,” he said.
Shea Wilkes, a social worker at the VA in Shreveport, La., who co-founded the whistle-blower group with Clarno, says he still has many questions about the new office, including about how it will be staffed and how much power it will have. He is hoping for follow-through.
“Until the VA shows and follows through on its promises to protect whistle-blowers they will never root out the internal problems that plague the VA,” Wilkes said.
The VA, the second largest federal agency with more than 300,000 employees and some 1,500 hospitals and clinics across the nation, has been under near constant fire to provide better care and services to veterans since at least 2014, when whistle-blowers reported that veterans had died waiting for appointments at the Phoenix VA. Schedulers there had kept secret wait lists masking how long they were waiting.
Read more:
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2pqm76Y
De Bruyne to join City in next 24 hours - Manchester City will complete their signing of Kevin De Bruyne in the next 24 hours, according to The Sun. De Bruyne will travel to England on Thursday, where he will take a medical and sign his contract. De Bruyne joined Wolfsburg for £18m a year ago, but is now set to leave the club for £50 million, with about £47m of that to be paid by City up front.
Paper Round's view - Manchester City's pursuit of De Bruyne has been a bit odd. They targeted him early in the summer, but never submitted a bid and seemed to be arguing over a few million, something that is silly in a transfer this lucrative and important. Then De Bruyne said he would be staying at Wolfsburg. Now he's ready to leave. In the end, City got the man they wanted and Wolfsburg got a fat payday that matches their valuation, so all is well, but it was strange from the beginning.
Read the full story
Mourinho, Fabregas convinced Pedro to choose Chelsea - Pedro had to choose between Chelsea and Manchester United, and The Guardian claim that Jose Mourinho and Cesc Fabregas eventually pushed him to the Blues. The Barcelona man will join Chelsea in a £21m deal, snubbing Manchester United despite the Red Devils' long-standing interest. Mourinho and Fabregas spoke on the phone with Pedro and explained what life at the club was like, as well as the role he'd play there, to convince him that Stamford Bridge was the place for him.
Paper Round's view - Pedro was going to play in the Champions League and get paid no matter which club he picked. Considering the reason he wanted out of Barcelona was playing time, that probably figured heavily in his decision making. United would seem to offer that, but Louis van Gaal has changed things up regularly so it's tough to predict where they would be in a few months and how Pedro would fit in. Meanwhile, Mourinho has a clear system and approach so it's not a surprise that Pedro would see that, envision how he'd fit in and sign on.
Read the full story
Otamendi passes physical, agrees to personal terms - Nicolas Otamendi's move to Manchester City is all but complete. The Mail understand that the defender has passed his physical and agreed to personal terms with the club, finalising any major outstanding details. All that is left now is for him to sign his contract, something that will be done in the next 24 hours to wrap up the £32m transfer.
Paper Round's view - Losing Otamendi has to sting Manchester United, who had been eyeing him for the better part of the summer. Losing him to their rivals just makes it sting that much more. City have set themselves on a path to be crowned Premier League champions again and while they may have overpaid for some players this summer, they look set to do just that. Otamendi makes them much stronger in defence and there's no doubt who has the best squad in England. If they add Kevin De Bruyne, they'll just be that much stronger.
Read the full story
Cuadrado could go to Juventus - Pedro's move to Chelsea could lead to Juan Cuadrado leaving, reports The Express. Juventus are interested in signing the Colombian, who has struggled since joining Chelsea in January. There was hope that Cuadrado was ready to become a world class player after a great showing at least year's World Cup, but he hasn't looked near that player for the Blues.
Juan Cuadrado of Chelsea. REUTERS/Eddie KeoghReuters
Paper Round's view - Mourinho doesn't like to carry a bloated team so if Pedro does indeed sign with Chelsea then someone is going to be heading out. It could be Willian, whose starting role will likely be gone and who could fetch a nice transfer fee, but Cuadrado could also exit. The Blues would almost certainly have to take a loss on him, but he would have some value, especially in a league where he's starred before like Serie A.
Read the full story
Chelsea haven't offered Ivanovic new deal - Branislav Ivanovic could be on the move. The Mail believe that Chelsea have yet to offer the defender a contract extension, setting him up to be a free agent next summer. Several clubs from around Europe are interested in him and would like to sign him to a pre-contract when he's eligible to do so in January, but the Serbian would rather re-sign with the Blues.
Paper Round's view - Chelsea's club policy is to only offer one-year contracts to players over the age of 30. Ivanovic is in that group so it isn't a surprise, or even news, that his contract is set to expire in the summer. Especially after Ivanovic's shaky start to the season, the Blues are not rushing to throw another year-long extension in front of the Serbian. Chelsea will wait a bit longer to see how things go and potentially offer that next one-year extension then. Nothing of note has really happened yet.
Read the full story
West Ham pull plug on Adebayor deal - Emmanuel Adebayor won't be going to West Ham. At least not for now. Sources tell The Telegraph that the Hammers have pulled out of negotiations to land the striker, who Tottenham is desperate to get rid of. Spurs were ready to let Adebayor go for free, but West Ham would have had to pick up his £110,000-per-week wages. Right now, that's not something they are not willing to do, but that might change before the window closes.
Paper Round's view - Adebayor isn't going to play for Spurs this season. They've made that abundantly clear and would love to get him off of their books. But he won't take a wage cut, leaving them with few suitors because many clubs can't afford him. Making matters tougher, Adebayor doesn't want to leave London. Tottenham is in a bad place with Adebayor and could very well end up being stuck with him for another year unless they agree to pay part of his wages for him to play elsewhere.
Read the full story
Pope Francis Says Catholic Church's Credibility at Stake Due to Hypocrisy
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Pope Francis spoke during the Mass at the Papal Basilica of St. Paul's Outside the Walls in Rome on Sunday, stressing that inconsistency between what pastors and Christians preach and what they practice is undermining the Catholic Church's credibility.
Peter and the Apostles proclaimed the Gospel of Jesus courageously and fearlessly, but "are we capable of bringing the word of God into the environment in which we live?" asked the pope, who inherited a Church plagued with a series of scandals, including sexual abuse of children by priests.
"Let us all remember this: one cannot proclaim the Gospel of Jesus without the tangible witness of one's life," Pope Francis said at St. Paul's, one of Rome's four major basilicas and the second largest after St. Peter's. "Those who listen to us and observe us must be able to see in our actions what they hear from our lips, and so give glory to God!"
The pontiff also referred to Saint Francis of Assisi – whose name he took after he was elected last month – sharing one of the quotes by the 12th century Italian friar: preach the Gospel and, if necessary, use words.
"Preaching with your life, with your witness. Inconsistency on the part of pastors and the faithful between what they say and what they do, between word and manner of life, is undermining the Church's credibility," said the pope, who spoke on proclamation, witness and worship.
Faith is born from listening, and is strengthened by proclamation, he said, adding that proclamation was not a mandate of the clergy alone. "We all have to proclaim and bear witness to the Gospel. We should all ask ourselves: How do I bear witness to Christ through my faith? Do I have the courage of Peter and the other Apostles, to think, to choose and to live as a Christian, obedient to God?"
But this is possible "only if we recognize Jesus Christ, because it is he who has called us, he who has invited us to travel his path, he who has chosen us," the pope said. "Proclamation and witness are only possible if we are close to him, just as Peter, John and the other disciples..."
Pope Francis also spoke about the importance of worship. "Do we turn to God only to ask him for things, to thank him, or do we also turn to him to worship him? What does it mean, then, to worship God?"
Worship, he said, means learning to be with Jesus, "it means that we stop trying to dialogue with him, and it means sensing that his presence is the truest, the most good, the most important thing of all."
"All of us, in our own lives, consciously and perhaps sometimes unconsciously, have a very clear order of priority concerning the things we consider important. Worshipping the Lord means giving him the place that he must have; worshipping the Lord means stating, believing – not only by our words – that he alone truly guides our lives; worshipping the Lord means that we are convinced before him that he is the only God, the God of our lives, the God of our history."
In the end, the pope said he wanted a question to resound in the heart of all. "Have I considered which idol lies hidden in my life that prevents me from worshipping the Lord? Worshipping is stripping ourselves of our idols, even the most hidden ones, and choosing the Lord as the centre, as the highway of our lives."
Pope Francis took his first major decision Saturday by setting up an advisory board of eight cardinals from around the world, which includes U.S. Cardinal Sean O'Malley, to look into ways of reforming the Church, the Vatican said.
IKEA's inexpensive LACK side table is easy to transform for a variety of useful projects. Here's how to add a beautiful sunken garden to one of them with a few supplies.
You can see a visual demo of the project in the video above, but if you can't watch it, you'll need an IKEA LACK side table, size of your choosing, some heavy plastic sheeting, a box cutter, an iron, a few other supplies you probably have around the house (like a metal ruler and some painter's tape.) You'll also need supplies for the garden, like gravel, soil, and the succulents you want to plant.
Advertisement
In short, measure out the shape of the garden with your ruler, then use the box cutter to cut through the top layer of the table. Repeat until you're through the first few layers, then use the plastic sheeting to line the area where you'll lay out the garden. Tape down the sheet, trim off the excess, and then plant the garden with some gravel on the bottom, soil on top, and then nestle in your plants. For more, and a full step by step, hit the link below.
Ikea Succulent Table Hack | Nifty (YouTube)
Current U.S. Senator from Vermont, and former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders stopped by Naperville Central to address a packed auditorium.
The senator spoke to around 800 sophomore students in Government and A.P. Government from both Naperville North and Central about the importance of caring about politics.
“Politics is important because policies are determined which will end up determining whether or not you have jobs or not jobs, whether you have healthcare, whether or not we protect the environment, whether we address climate change,” said Senator Sanders.
Sanders was in town to promote his latest book “Bernie Sanders' Guide to Political Revolution,” which is aimed at a teen audience.
The presentation was very interactive, with Sanders asking the students for their opinions, and with some students getting the chance to ask questions of the senator, touching on topics like healthcare, racial injustice and economic inequality.
“Real change never takes place from the top on down, you may see a president signing a bill, but understand that before the president signed that bill, generally speaking millions of people were active in the effort to make that legislation possible,” said Senator Sanders.
The Naperville Central Advanced Band Wind Ensemble performed for the senator, doing a rendition of Vermont's state song.
Sanders wrapped up his visit to our area by giving a book talk at the Paramount Theater in Aurora.
This is the second time this year that Anderson's Bookshop has brought Sanders to town.
Naperville News 17's Evan Summers reports.
It is a small square, set away on the far side of the magnificent Alhambra complex, but friends say the Placeta Joe Strummer inaugurated on Monday evening in the southern Spanish city of Granada would have delighted the Clash frontman.
With its white walls, reddish sand, pine trees, carved drinking fountain and views of the spectacular Sierra Nevada, the square reverberated on Monday night to the sound of Spanish Bombs, London Calling and other Strummer songs as musician friends from Britain and Spain gathered to celebrate.
"He liked the city a lot," said Esperanza Romero, whose family first brought Strummer to what would become one of his favourite cities. "For me he was like a soul brother."
Romero and Strummer shared a west London squat when he was a struggling musician and her sister Paloma was the future Clash singer's girlfriend – sparking his interest in Spain and the city where their brother Fernando was studying, Granada.
"He was just one more of the crowd, but very charismatic. He always had time for people and was very warm and accessible," she said.
The Spaniards helped introduce him to the culture of southern Andalusia and the work of Granada's most famous poet, Federico García Lorca, who was shot by a rightwing death squad during the Spanish civil war and buried in an unmarked mass grave in the hills above the city.
Strummer later included both Lorca and Granada in his 1979 song Spanish Bombs on the London Calling album, and once tried to find and dig up the poet's grave. "He was very interested in anything that had the smell of freedom and of revolution," Romero said.
Paloma went on to become Palmolive, the drummer in the punk group the Slits, before moving to the US and becoming a committed born-again Christian.
Esperanza went out with Richard Dudanski, the drummer in Strummer's pre-Clash band, the 101ers, who later played with the former Sex Pistols singer Johnny Rotten in Public Image Ltd. The couple eventually moved to Granada.
After Strummer and his fellow band member Paul Simonon sacked the guitarist, singer and songwriter Mick Jones in 1983, the Clash began to fall apart and he sought refuge in Granada.
Joe Strummer playing with the Clash in 1979. Photograph: George Rose/Getty Images
It took locals a while to recognise the by now internationally famous musician. "At first I thought he was some drunk," José Ignacio Lapido, whose punk-rock band 091 Strummers went on to produce, told the British film-maker Nick Hall. "He had his little notebook with him and he showed me the poems he had in English."
Strummer was in Spain when critics panned This is England, the single from the band's final album, Cut the Crap. "I just went, 'Well fuck this,' and fucked off to the mountains of Spain to sit sobbing under a palm tree," he said later. He eventually found a house in nearby Almeria, bought – and managed to lose – a prized Dodge car, and produced an album for 091.
A Facebook campaign to name a city square after him began last year, and it turned out that even Granada's conservative-run city hall contained some Clash fans. "It got into the local newspaper, the socialists made the proposal and finally all parties voted in favour," Dudanski said.
Monday night's acoustic jam session brought together family, including Strummer's daughters Jazz and Lola, and friends, including musicians from the Pogues, the 101ers, 091 and his backing group in the three years before his 2002 death, the Mescaleros.
Flo Rida Alleged Baby Mama Sues For 'Good Fortune' Child Support
Flo Rida's Alleged Baby Mama Sues For 'Good Fortune' Child Support
EXCLUSIVE
A woman claiming to have been impregnated byis suing for child support -- but not just any child support ... she knows she hit the jackpot, and now she wants "good fortune" support -- which means she banged a rich person.Glamor model and video vixen-- who says she hasn't given birth yet -- and her attorney Ray Rafool, filed the legal docs in Miami ... asking for a bunch of Flo's money for things like pre-natal assistance and other birth-related expenses.She also wants a child support order to cover medical insurance, daycare, private school expenses, summer camp, etc.But the hilarious part -- she also asks for "good fortune" child support ... which is a special kind of child support in Florida for rich people's kids. Basically, she's asking for more child support than she actually needs ... just because Flo's rich. You can't make this up.We called Flo's people for comment. So far, no word back ... but it's worth noting paternity of the child still hasn't officially been established.In other news, Natasha's really hot.
Trading on the New York Stock Exchange floor was halted for nearly four hours. The stoppage shortly after 11:30 a.m. local time Wednesday, with all screens displaying a “No quotation” message, according to eyewitnesses. Trading resumed around 3:10 p.m.
"We're currently experiencing a technical issue that we're working to resolve as quickly as possible. We will be providing further updates as soon as we can, and are doing our utmost to produce a swift resolution, communicate thoroughly and transparently, and ensure a timely and orderly market re-open," the NYSE said in an official statement.
"It's chaos. No one seems to know the root of the cause which seems to me is making everything worse," a source on the floor of the stock exchange said, according to Bloomberg reporter Leslie Picker.
"Trading has been frozen. .. We're not getting any data, and no trading is going on" - @BobPisani, on the @nyse floor @CNBC — Carl Quintanilla (@carlquintanilla) July 8, 2015
The NYSE is reportedly rushing to fix the "technical problem," but there has been no official explanation why all floor trading has been halted. The exchange said it was canceling all open orders as well.
"We've had some technical malfunctions. Some may be related to connectivity with other exchanges. I believe we're going to have a temporary pause certainly in a variety of stocks perhaps floor wide," Art Cashin, director of floor operations at the NYSE, told CNBC.
TRADING STILL HALTED, our Nicole Petallides just reported @NYSE rushing to fix 'technical' problem. No detail on why there's NO floor action — Liz Claman (@LizClaman) July 8, 2015
The NYSE suspended all trading at 11:32 a.m., half an hour after initial reports of a technical problem, according to Yahoo Finance.
Almost an hour into the shutdown, NYSE tweeted that the problem an "internal technical issue" and not a cyber breach.
(1 of 3) The issue we are experiencing is an internal technical issue and is not the result of a cyber breach. — NYSE (@NYSE) July 8, 2015
"We chose to suspend trading on NYSE to avoid problems arising from our technical issue," the exchange said in a series of tweets. "NYSE-listed securities continue to trade unaffected on other market centers."
We're at ONE HOUR of no trades on the #NYSE floor pic.twitter.com/C5cHYsrxn4 — Erin Dresch (@erindresch) July 8, 2015
There was another technical glitch at NYSE earlier this morning, but it was supposedly fixed before the floor opened for trading at 9:30 a.m., Marketwatch reported. This morning's problem was a "gateway connectivity issue," according to Joe Saluzzi, co-founder of Themis Trading.
After the suspension, traders were told that the problem was related to updated software that was rolled out before markets opened on Wednesday, one trader told the New York Times, on condition of anonymity.
NYSE New York Stock Exchange - Technical Issues - Trading suspended https://t.co/NrW7PD0HL1pic.twitter.com/glDRNWSgU8 — Robert Redl (@redlrobert) July 8, 2015
The stock exchange cannot reopen until all open trades were nullified... manually.
"At the NYSE this is a manual process," Sal Arnuk, a principal at Themis Trading, told Yahoo Finance. "Is the NYSE technologically the most [robust] exchange in the world? No. The fact of the matter is the different exchange operators have diverse standards, different architecture. Some of them are more legacy than others. This is to be expected from time to time."
NYSE stocks are still being traded through other venues, Reuters reported.
NASDAQ announced its systems were operating normally and trading NYSE securities.
Nasdaq systems are operating normally and are trading all symbols including Tape A (NYSE) securities. — Nasdaq (@NASDAQ) July 8, 2015
Other exchanges, such as NYSE Arca and NYSE Amex/Arca Options, are "unaffected by this issue and continue normal operations at this time," the stock exchange said.
However, NASDAQ and the BATS Global Markets stock exchanges have declared "self help" against the NYSE, Buzzfeed's Stacy-Marie Ishmael reported. This means that they are opting out of the national market system due to the NYSE's technical problems. The two exchanges will stop routing trades to and from the NYSE if they have reason to believe the quotes or prices are "stale." Self help is designed to protect investors from having trades executed at bad prices, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Losses have been felt across all of the stock markets stemming from the NYSE trading halt, Marketwatch reported.
Losses in U.S. stock markets build as NYSE endures trading halt. pic.twitter.com/yxS8ldo4Um — MarketWatch (@MarketWatch) July 8, 2015
The Wall Street Journal website (wsj.com) was down as well. In the meantime, the newspaper set up a temporary website at http://onlinedr.wsj.com/dr/.
Earlier today, United Airlines grounded its entire fleet for over three hours due to a computer problem.
OK, this is a crazy day. First UA grounds its planes. Now the NYSE halts trading due to technical issues. http://t.co/yjU5v3KkoC — Carl Howe (@cdhowe) July 8, 2015
First @united grounds their planes, then @NYSE halts trading...is this real life or a viral marketing campaign for #MrRobot — Albert Antiquera (@albertantiquera) July 8, 2015
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) officials said there was "no indication" of a cyberattack behind the problems at the NYSE, United Airlines or the Wall Street Journal's website.
DHS says no indication of a cyberattack at #NYSE — Alexey Yaroshevsky (@Yaro_RT) July 8, 2015
The FBI reached out to the NYSE, but was told that "no further law enforcement action is needed at this time," with the NYSEdescribing the situation as a "technical glitch," the FBI said in a statement to CNBC. The bureau will continue monitoring the situation.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chief Mary Jo White said the agency was "closely monitoring the situation and trading in NYSE-listed stocks."
The WSJ site was back online just after 12:00 p.m. ET.
The NYSE will close at it's normal 4:00 p.m.
After 125 years, "Jack the Ripper" has apparently been debunked.
Former murder investigator Trevor Marriott spent 11 years poring over Scotland Yard files and said he learned that the legend of Jack the Ripper as we know it is wrong, Britain's Daily Express reports.
He also said he's figured out who the real Whitechapel killer might be.
Marriott concluded that Central News Agency journalist Thomas Bulling reportedly coined “Jack the Ripper” and sent police a letter from “him” 1888.
In Victorian-era London, five prostitutes' murders were supposedly committed by Jack the Ripper, a rich, educated man — possibly a doctor — who legend has it removed organs from the bodies of his victims.
The story has been told in many books and movies over the years, including 2001's From Hell, which starred Johnny Depp.
Marriott, who has written several books on the subject and is currently on a U.K. speaking tour, said these works are to partially to blame for popularizing an inaccurate conception of who “Jack” was.
“You have to ask yourself if ‘Jack' is an urban myth. Around 80% of the books about him have a picture of a chap on the front stalking the streets of London in a long black cape and a top hat,” Marriott told the Express.
“They were the clothes of an upper class, wealthy man. But back in 1888 if someone dressed like that had actually walked around Whitechapel in the dead of night they wouldn't have lasted five minutes."
So who is the real killer?
Marriott said some of the murders were likely committed by Carl Feigenbaum, a German merchant seaman who was docked at Whitechapel during the killings and executed at age 54 for a Ripper-style murder in New York in 1896.
Rep. Sean Duffy Sean Patrick DuffyHouse to push back at Trump on border On The Money: Shutdown Day 27 | Trump fires back at Pelosi by canceling her foreign travel | Dems blast 'petty' move | Trump also cancels delegation to Davos | House votes to disapprove of Trump lifting Russia sanction Rare bipartisanship in lame duck Congress battling the ‘WTO' of insurance regulation MORE (R-Wis.) says White House adviser Jared Kushner should have disclosed meetings he had with Russian officials when seeking security clearance.
"I think that should have been disclosed," Duffy told CNN's "New Day" on Wednesday when asked whether he would have disclosed the meeting if he were in Kushner's position.
Duffy said he doesn't know what information or advice Kushner had received.
ADVERTISEMENT
"But because it wasn't disclosed ... does that mean something nefarious happened?" Duffy said.
"You and I both don't know the backstory on what happened. What advice was he given?" he continued.
"I haven't seen anything that leads me to believe that there was any wrongdoing by Jared Kushner or by the Trump campaign."
Kushner reportedly sought in December to establish a backchannel line of communication between the Trump transition team and Moscow. The move came during a meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
Some Democrats have since said revoking Kushner's security clearance should be considered.
Reports surfaced last month that Kushner had failed to disclose dozens of meetings and contacts with foreign officials in the months before inauguration while he was seeking a top-security clearance.
Among the meetings that Kushner omitted from his national security questionnaire were one with Kislyak and another with Sergey Gorkov, the CEO of the Russian state-owned bank Vnesheconombank.
(AP) Calif. sheriff's deputies shoot, kill 13-year-old
SANTA ROSA, Calif.
Northern California sheriff's deputies have shot and killed a 13-year-old boy after repeatedly telling him to drop what turned out to be a replica assault rifle, sheriff's officials and family members said.
Two Sonoma County deputies on patrol saw the boy walking with what appeared to be a high-powered weapon Tuesday afternoon in Santa Rosa, sheriff's Lt. Dennis O'Leary said.
The replica gun resembled an AK-47 with a black magazine cartridge and brown butt, according to a photograph released by the sheriff's office. Deputies would only learn after the shooting that it wasn't an actual firearm, according to O'Leary.
Rodrigo Lopez identified the boy as his son, Andy, to a newspaper and said the young teen was carrying a toy gun that belonged to a friend.
After spotting the boy, the deputies called for backup and repeatedly ordered him to drop the gun, O'Leary said in a news release. It wasn't clear whether he pointed the replica assault rifle at the deputies or made any type of threatening gesture. The sheriff's office referred calls to the Santa Rosa Police Department, which did not immediately return a call for comment.
O'Leary said the deputies fired several rounds from their handguns immediately after issuing the orders to drop the rifle.
A neighbor in the area, Brian Zastrow, told the Santa Rosa Press Democrat ( http://bit.ly/1eJymxx) he heard seven shots.
The boy fell to the ground on top of the rifle, according to O'Leary. He said the deputies ordered him to move away before approaching him and putting him in handcuffs.
They began administering first aid and called for paramedics, who pronounced him dead at the scene. Deputies also found a plastic handgun in the boy's waistband, O'Leary said. The deputies, who have not been identified, have been placed on administrative leave, which is standard after a shooting, O'Leary said.
Community members left candles, teddy bears and flowers at the edge of the field where the teen was shot and questioned deputies' decision to open fire.
Rodrigo Lopez told the Press Democrat he last saw his son Tuesday morning.
The family was back at their mobile home Tuesday night after identifying the boy's body, the Press Democrat reported.
The newspaper quoted the boy's mother, Sujey Annel Cruz Cazarez, as saying, “”Why did they kill him? Why?”
Andy Lopez was an eighth-grader at Lawrence Cook Middle School, where assistant principal Linsey Gannon said he played trumpet in the band.
___
Information from: The Santa Rosa Press Democrat, http://www.pressdemocrat.com
Hey everyone! I'm happy to present another symbra week for this blog! It will run June 11-18 and will have 8 prompts throughout the event.
The Prompts are as follows:
Day 1: First Impressions Day 2: Fantasy AU Day 3: Laughing Day 4: Formal Day 5: Beach Day Day 6: Moving the Payload Day 7: Quirks Day 8 (optional): nsfw or whatever you want!
All mediums are welcome! (art, gifs, fics, etc.)
The tag I will be checking is #HLHsymbraweek (Sorry if that's long, but it will make things easier to find!) You can tag it, submit it, send it via message, whatever!
This is only my 2nd time creating an event like this and the popularity of the pairing has grown some since the last one, so I look forward to seeing everything!
**For all of these prompts, I just want to say that Sombra taking control of Satya's arm and forcing her to do anything/move against her will is representative of a non-consensual situation and I won't put anything like that on this blog.
Have fun! Get creative! And message if you have any questions!
–art by @yakfrost
A team of scientists at USC has verified that quantum effects are indeed at play in the first commercial quantum optimization processor.
The team demonstrated that the D-Wave processor housed at the USC-Lockheed Martin Quantum Computing Center behaves in a manner that indicates that quantum mechanics has a functional role in the way it works. The demonstration involved a small subset of the chip's 128 qubits.
In other words, the device appears to be operating as a quantum processor — something that scientists had hoped for but have needed extensive testing to verify.
The quantum processor was purchased from Canadian manufacturer D-Wave nearly two years ago by Lockheed Martin and housed at the Information Sciences Institute (ISI) based at the USC Viterbi School of Engineering. As the first of its kind, the task for scientists putting it through its paces was to determine whether the quantum computer was operating as hoped.
“Using a specific test problem involving eight qubits, we have verified that the D-Wave processor performs optimization calculations [that is, finds lowest-energy solutions] using a procedure that is consistent with quantum annealing and is inconsistent with the predictions of classical annealing,” said Daniel Lidar, scientific director of the Quantum Computing Center and one of the researchers on the team. Lidar holds joint appointments at USC Viterbi and the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences.
– See more at: http://news.usc.edu/#!/article/52818/large-scale-quantum-chip-validated/
Quantum annealing is a method of solving optimization problems using quantum mechanics — at a large enough scale, potentially much faster than a traditional processor can.
Research institutions throughout the world build and use quantum processors but most only have a few quantum bits, or qubits.
Qubits have the capability of encoding the two digits of one and zero at the same time, as opposed to traditional bits, which can encode distinctly either a one or a zero. This property, called superposition, along with the ability of quantum states to “tunnel” through energy barriers, are hoped to play a role in helping future generations of the D-Wave processor to ultimately perform optimization calculations much faster than traditional processors.
With 108 functional qubits, the D-Wave processor at USC inspired hopes for a significant advance in the field of quantum computing when it was installed in October 2011 — provided it worked as a quantum information processor. Quantum processors can fall victim to a phenomenon called decoherence, which stifles their ability to behave in a quantum fashion.
The USC team's research showed that the chip, in fact, performed largely as hoped, demonstrating the potential for quantum optimization on a larger-than-ever scale.
“Our work seems to show that, from a purely physical point of view, quantum effects play a functional role in information processing in the D-Wave processor,” said Sergio Boixo, first author of the research paper, who conducted the research while he was a computer scientist at ISI and research assistant professor at USC Viterbi.
Boixo and Lidar collaborated with Tameem Albash, postdoctoral research associate in physics at USC Dornsife; Federico Spedalieri, computer scientist at ISI; and Nicholas Chancellor, a recent physics graduate at USC Dornsife. Their findings have been published in Nature Communications.
The news comes just two months after the Quantum Computing Center's original D-Wave processor — known commercially as the Rainier chip — was upgraded to a new 512-qubit Vesuvius chip. The computing center, which includes a magnetically shielded box that is kept frigid (near absolute zero) to protect the computer against decoherence, was designed to be upgradable to keep up with the latest developments in the field.
The new Vesuvius chip at USC is currently the only one in operation outside of D-Wave. A second such chip, owned by Google and housed at NASA's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, Calif., is expected to become operational later this year.
Next, the USC team will take the Vesuvius chip for a test drive, putting it through the same paces as the Rainier chip.
The research was supported by the Lockheed Martin Corp., the U.S. Army Research Office (grant number W911NF-12-1-0523), the National Science Foundation (grant number CHM-1037992), and the Army Research Office Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative (grant number W911NF-11-1-026).
– See more at: http://news.usc.edu/#!/article/52818/large-scale-quantum-chip-validated/
One of the three blasts that struck the city of Fuzhou on Thursday [Courtesy of Chinese media]
Explosions are reported at three government buildings in an eastern Chinese city, possibly caused by explosions in cars, according to state media.
The blasts killed two people and injured six, the official Xinhua news agency reported.
The nearly simultaneous blasts happened in Fuzhou city, Jiangxi province, on Thursday morning, the official Xinhua news agency reported. It did not give details of the cause or casualties.
Al Jazeera's Andrew Thomas reported from Beijing that all three explosions occurred within half an hour of each other.
A car exploded outside the prosecutor's office in Fuzhou city, then 10 minutes later an explosion went off at a district government building. Fifteen minutes after that, a car exploded outside a drug administration office, said an official at the information office of Jiangxi province.
Fuzhou officials said there were no suspects in custody yet, Thomas said.
The blast at the prosecutor's office blew out windows and destroyed a car, Xinhua reported. At least 10 vehicles were damaged at Fuzhou's Linchuan district government building.
Zhang Weizhang, a local man, told Reuters it was possible a disgruntled local resident was to blame.
"There are plenty of people complaining about the government. They ignore complaints. They've ignored mine," Zhang said, explaining that he was in a dispute over forestry rights in Fuzhou's Linchuan district.
"But nobody ordinary would do something like this. This isn't normal for here."
Earlier this month a bank cashier who had been fired for stealing money hurled a gasoline bomb into the bank, injuring dozens of people in western China.
A city of four million, deep in farming country, Fuzhou has experienced the fast, chaotic economic growth typical of many Chinese cities in recent years.
Rin Tin Tin: A Silent Film Star On Four Legs
Enlarge this image toggle caption Edward Kitch/AP Photo Edward Kitch/AP Photo
Members of the baby boomer generation might remember the old TV series The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin, about a German shepherd and a boy named Rusty who lived with a cavalry troop in the American West.
In 1954, Rin Tin Tin was even "interviewed" by a writer for The New Yorker who noted that he turned up his nose at roast beef and drank milk from a champagne glass.
But the 1950s version of Rin Tin Tin wasn't an original. The German shepherd on TV was a reincarnation of an even bigger celebrity dog who had dominated the silent screen in the 1920s, almost won an Oscar for Best Actor and nearly saved Warner Bros. from financial ruin.
In silent films, people and dogs were on par.
"Warner Bros. was a small studio when they began making Rin Tin Tin films," says New Yorker writer Susan Orlean. "Not only did he make them a major studio, but whenever they found themselves in any sort of financial straits, they would release a Rin Tin Tin film and it would set things straight. He was known around the Warner Bros. lot as the 'mortgage-lifter.' "
Orlean details Rin Tin Tin's journey from orphaned dog left on a World War I battlefield to international icon and movie star in her new book, Rin Tin Tin: The Life and the Legend.
Rin Tin Tin The Life And The Legend by Susan Orlean Paperback, 324 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
"He was in these films with the big silent film actors of the time, and yet his was the name that was above the title," she tells Fresh Air's Dave Davies. "He was the big draw. ... Rin Tin Tin was the leading man."
Part of the reason for Rin Tin Tin's success, Orlean says, was the fact that he rose to prominence during the silent film era.
"In silent films, people and dogs were on par," she says. "No one had the power of speech. ... Moreover, dogs look much more natural not talking than people do. When you see some of these films, there's a quality that's a bit ridiculous because we know people can talk. ... Dogs are just doing what they do naturally. And they never look diminished the way people sometimes can. They were perfect silent heroes."
When the silent film era ended, Warner Bros. terminated their contract with Rin Tin Tin's owner, Lee Duncan.
"They wrote him a letter, saying they were putting all of their energy as a company into this medium of talking pictures, and everyone knows, as they said in the letter, that dogs don't talk," she says. "As soon as people began hearing speech in film, they were fascinated by it. ... The fact that dogs didn't speak made them seem much less interesting in a movie when people were so fascinated by the new capacity to hear sound."
Rin Tin Tin was relegated to B movies for the rest of his life. In 1932, he died — and every newspaper in the country carried his obituary.
"It was on a scale that is hard for us to imagine now," she says. "Radio programming ... was interrupted around the country with a news bulletin announcing his death. [Obituaries appeared] extolling his virtues and talking about the loss of Rin Tin Tin as a tragedy, as an irreplaceable figure in American and international culture."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gasper Tringale/ Gasper Tringale/
Interview Highlights
On Rin Tin Tin and the Oscars
"The story was that [Rin Tin Tin] was in line to get the first Best Actor award. It was the first year the Oscars were being given out. It wouldn't have been unheard of. He was a huge box-office star. It wasn't a crazy idea. He was that popular and he was that seriously regarded as an actor. But the academy, according to the story, believed that this new idea of handing out these Oscars could possibly be damaged by the first Best Actor being a dog even though everyone loved Rin Tin Tin."
On dogs in World War I
"They laid communication wire. They carried communication messages. They worked as cadaver dogs. After a battle had ended, dogs that were trained for this purpose were released onto a battlefield to quickly identify to the medics which of the bodies still had life in them. They were many times carrying supplies out into a field so that any soldiers who were injured and able to help themselves in some way were able to get the supplies from the dogs — or if they were dying, they could have the companionship of a dog as they were in their last moments."
On how Lee Duncan discovered Rin Tin Tin
"He was sent to examine battlefields the Germans just left [in France]. When he got to the field, he noticed a building hit by artillery and recognized it was a kennel. He decided to just take a look and see what was left of this kennel. Inside, he found the bodies of a dozen or so dogs that had been killed by the shelling. At the last minute, he heard a whimpering in the back of the kennel. So he made his way through this array of dogs who had been killed and found a female who was alive who had given birth. She had a litter of five puppies. He simply could not walk away. ... He took them back to the barracks and decided to take care of them."
On Rin Tin Tin and merchandising in the 1950s
"Practically everything you wanted was available in a Rin Tin Tin-branded version. This was the early beginning of merchandising. There was no merchandising before the 1950s. Rin Tin Tin was one of the early big licensers, and kids went crazy."
On Rin Tin Tin being played by multiple dogs in the 1950s
"Rin Tin Tin in the 1920s was a dog who became an actor and appeared in movies, performing roles. In the 1950s, Rin Tin Tin had become an idea. He was a character played by a multitude of dogs. It was generally three dogs who played the part."
On Twitter (Orlean tweets as @susanorlean)
"I think for me Twitter is the equivalent of working in an office and having those casual conversations that make ... you feel less isolated in the course of writing. Because writing is so solitary — it's such a private enterprise. I first got involved with Twitter when I began writing this book and was spending day after day entirely by myself. I was living out in the country. And here was a way to chat with people and in some cases use them as a cheering squad. I would often post my word count for the day. And people would say, 'Go, you can do it.' And I began to find this relationship with the world of Twitter that I had been missing since I had been working in an office."
As one of the taglines for final season of Breaking Bad said: "All bad things must come to an end." Ending a great series, though, is such a challenge for the writers and creators of the show. How many times do the writers actually come up with an ending to a series that satisfies the audience? After the Breaking Bad series finale, Vince Gilligan revealed five endings he and his writers didn't use for Breaking Bad in a candid conversation with editor Kelley Dixon on the Breaking Bad Insider Podcast. Rarely will a showrunner be this honest about what he or she actually pitched as possible endings to a show that were never used. So listen and learn from the podcast below.
Spoiler alert: if you haven't watched the last episode or the final season of Breaking Bad, this post and the podcast below, by their very nature, are full of spoilers. Just in case you didn't figure that out already.
You can listen to the podcast in its entirety just below. The first 33 minutes of the podcast include Gilligan's revelations about the alternate endings that he and his writers considered for Walter White and why they wouldn't have worked.
1. Jesse dies. Walter tortures Jesse's killer.
This isn't technically an alternate ending, but more of an alternate version of the entire series. Before they even shot season 1, but after Gilligan had written the pilot, he pitched a gruesome scenario to AMC and Sony television executives. In this alternate version of Breaking Bad, Jesse would get killed in season 1 or 2, and Gilligan explains, "Walt is so filled with rage at the drug kingpin that kills Jesse, that he's out for revenge."
This was a character that they never had in the series, but Gilligan says that elements of this character could be found in Gus Fring, Tuco and Krazy 8. Walt somehow captures this guy and shackles him in a basement. Walt then sets up a shotgun across the basement pointed at this kingpin with a trip wire. Ultimately, Walt wants this guy to kill himself. Then Walt starts "lopping off bits of this guy" very precisely, starting with the toes and working his way up, "cauterizing with a blow torch."
Walter works very systematically, returning each day at the same time to torture the bad guy. The guy is such a badass that he won't trip the wire, and the torture continues for weeks. Walter Jr. was going to stumble upon this place and discover this "poor guy." Junior was going to try to help him, lean in and give him some water. Somehow, the kingpin realizes this is Walter's son, and only then does he pull the trip wire to kill both Junior and himself.
Gilligan pitched this idea in person to AMC and Sony executives. He admits that everybody in the room sized him up with a look that said: "You are seriously f*cked up."
2. Skyler kills herself.
Gilligan explains that he was "leaning toward" Skyler committing suicide, but the other writers said it was "a bridge too far." Gilligan admits the other writers were right. Here's how Gilligan pitched the idea:
Desperate, Walt and Skyler would be on the run, holed up in a Motel 6. Walt would come up with a plan, and try to talk to Skyler about it through the closed bathroom door. When Skyler won't answer, Walt would open the door and find Skyler in a bloody tub.
3. Skyler leaves with Walt and the Disappearer.
Gilligan described another scenario where Skyler leaves with Walt and the Disappearer, but he and the writers could never figure out how to get Junior to come along. The whole writing staff, Gilligan included, believed if Junior didn't want to go with the Disappearer, there was no way to force him to go.
4. Walter goes out Rambo-style and takes out a bunch of police.
When they introduced the M60 machine gun at the beginning of season 5, Gilligan admits they didn't know how Walt would use it. They were "planting the flag" with Rambo's machine gun, and they knew "something cool [had] to happen with that." Uncle Jack, Kenny and Todd didn't even exist yet in the writers' minds. Ultimately, the M60 helped them come up with the gang of creepy Aryans.
But before they came up with the Aryan gang, they batted around a few other ideas on how Walter could use the M60. Gilligan and the writers wondered if taking out a bunch of bad guys was too obvious. They also wondered if Walter actually wanted to get caught so he could get credit for his work as the mastermind behind the purest meth on the market. One scenario had Walter using the M60 Rambo-style on a bunch of police coming to take Walter away. That didn't feel right, though, because Gilligan and the writers felt that Walter should use the M60 on guys that were worse than him.
5. Walter saves Jesse from the Aryan gang in prison, mowing down the whole prison population.
Another version of the series ending had Walter rescuing Jesse from prison just before the Aryans are about to knock Jesse off. In this scenario, Walter just takes out the entire prison with the M60.
But as Walt's cancer returned, Gilligan admits, "it felt wrong [for Walt] to go out like Rambo, brauns over brains. Walt, never on his best day, was Rambo." Very late in the writing process, they came up with the garage door opener contraption to automate the process. Gilligan says that he and the other writers always liked it when Walter came up with a MacGyveresque solution to his problems.
Why the Actual Ending of Breaking Bad Works So Well (and Why It's Called "Felina")
Gilligan describes their approach to the ending of Breaking Bad by defining what he calls "organic vs. inorganic storytelling." Gilligan defines "organic storytelling" as letting the characters tell you where the story goes, whereas "inorganic storytelling" in this particular case is the writers deciding on a specific end point for the story, driven by the question: "what is the ending that will satisfy us the most?" The writers combined organic and inorganic storytelling by planting the M60 at the beginning of season 5 without knowing how Walter would use it, therefore letting the character make decisions about a device that the writers introduced.
Gilligan also explained that he and his writers had a lot of lead time to go through all of the ideas for the series ending. This meant first, they could pitch and discard the bad ideas, then the mediocre ideas, then finally come up with the good ideas. Gilligan admitted that they really didn't think way ahead of themselves. Instead, they mined their own history by looking at moments from earlier seasons to see if they could use them in later episodes. This made those moments feel like they were planted as seeds earlier in the series to set up the final episodes.
"Felina," the title for the final episode, comes from the Marty Robbins song "El Paso" that plays in the Volvo as Walter tries to steal the car. Gilligan explains that the man in the song "El Paso" kills another man because of his love for "wicked Faleena." The man leaves town, but eventually returns on his horse because his love for Faleena is stronger than his fear of death, and he gets killed upon his return.
Gilligan felt that the story in the song captured the essence of Walter's decision to return to Albuquerque. Writers assistant Gordon Smith and script coordinator Jenn Carroll pointed out to Gilligan that if they changed the spelling to "Felina," the title becomes an anagram of "finale."
Gilligan gives a lot of credit to his team of writers for coming up with better ideas, as well as credit to the editors, producers and the rest of the Breaking Bad crew. Ultimately, he believes for the finale, "[it] felt right and proper that [Walt] went out on his own terms. He went out like a man."
Personally, I think the ending of Breaking Bad was perfect, but maybe you have other opinions. How do you think Gilligan and his team should have ended Breaking Bad? Share your thoughts with us in the comments.
Link: Breaking Bad Insider Podcast -- AMC
[via The Wrap]
Hari Kuyou – Memorial Service for Needles
“All the things have their own soul.” – It's a combination of aspect of Buddhism with the traditional Shinto belief that both living and inanimate objects have a spirit and soul.
Hari kuyou is a memorial service for old sewing needles and pins in Japan.
It is the ceremony to pray to console the broken needles. “Hari” means needle and “Kuyou” means a memorial service in Buddhism. “Kuyou” is usually held for the spirits of the dead, but it has been held for other than human beings, such as things used for a long time, has been broken or has become useless.
Long ago, women's abilities and temperament were judged by sewing skills and needles were such important tools.
Hari kuyou is held at Awajidou in Senso-ji in Asakusa, Tokyo, Japan. Each year, on February 8th, broken or damaged sewing needles are stuck into tofu and offered to a Shinto shrine.
Today, this ceremony still brings women together. In addition to the original purpose of consoling their tools, women are suggested to take a time to console themselves and bury secrets too personal to reveal.
[Image credit: http://unajaponesaenjapon.wordpress.com/2008/02/06/hari-kuyou/]
It was believed that the tools and utensils used roughly should become the monsters (the Gods named Tsukumogami) to attack people 100 years later. Tsukumogami, or “artifact spirit”, are a type of Japanese spirit. According to the Tsukumogami-emaki, tsukumogami originate from items or artifacts that have reached their 100th birthday and thus become alive and aware. Any object of this age, from swords to toys, can become a tsukumogami.
A toy is an object used in play. Toys are usually associated with children and pets, but it is not unusual for adult humans and some non-domesticated animals to play with toys. Many items are manufactured to serve as toys, but goods, or services produced for other purposes can also be used as toys, can become a tsukumogami.
Though large tsukumogami are harmless, they do have the capacity for anger to band together to take revenge on those who are wasteful or throw them away thoughtlessly. To prevent this, to this day some Jinja (Shinto shrine) ceremonies, such as the Hari Kuyou, are performed.
It is said that modern items cannot become tsukumogami; the reason for this is that tsukumogami are said to be repelled by electricity. Additionally, few modern items are used for the 100-year-span that it takes for an artifact to gain a soul.
Christina Sarich
Prison Planet.com
March 24, 2014
You don't have to remain in the stranglehold of EU trade rules when it comes to GMO if you have a political ministry, and activists strong enough to stand against GMO poison – and that's just what France has done.
Just recently, France's agriculture ministry – the equivalent of the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) – banned the sale, use, and cultivation of Monsanto's MON 810 GMO maize. This is the only genetically modified crop currently authorized by the European Union who plans to promote it in poor countries, like Africa, among other trade routes.
France's decision to ban MON 810 is also a beautifully orchestrated slap in the face to the Chief of Science, Anne Glover, who has stated on record that, ‘GMO has no adverse effect on human health.'
The French are standing strong against biotech and Big Ag monopolies meant to get a foothold wherever they can – even in the Ukraine and Russia. The French have wisely maintained that GM crops present serious health and environmental risks, even after two high courts previously struck down their attempts to ban this poison seed from fertile fields.
This decision are timed to prevent any new GMO seed being sewn before Spring planting which usually happens in the later part of March, and a draft law is debated on April 10 which bans GMOs completely.
“The sale, use and cultivation of varieties of maize seed from the line of genetically modified maizeMON 810 (…) is banned in the country until the adoption, on the one hand, of a final decision, and secondly, of (EU) community action, ” said a decree published by French officials.
Longstanding disagreements between EU countries were again sparked in February when they failed to agree on whether or not to approve a GMO maize variety, Pioneer 1507, developed by DuPont and Dow Chemical, leaving a precedence for the EU Commission to clear its cultivation.
France is trying to win support to overhaul the EU rules, and the rest of the world can stand behind this noble cause.
This post originally appeared at Natural Society
This article was posted: Monday, March 24, 2014 at 4:55 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
After ongoing power unit issues marred its Bahrain Grand Prix weekend and the first day of testing on Tuesday, the team had been unsure about what to expect on the final day of running.
In the end, Stoffel Vandoorne was able to complete a full testing programme without engine problems, setting the fourth best time overall and completing an impressive 81 laps.
But with Honda having made no modifications to the specification that hit trouble after just two installation laps on Tuesday, McLaren racing director Eric Boullier said it could not explain why things had improved so much overnight.
"If we knew…this is the problem, I don't know," he said when asked about the turnaround. "Everything has worked perfectly.
"We are even actually pushing a little bit in terms of settings, trying to use the opportunity, and everything is working.
"This is a proper test today, everything you plan you can test it and do back to back so it's very good."
Best day
The full day of testing did at least give Vandoorne something to smile about, after being forced out of the Bahrain GP before it had even started.
"I think it's the first time that we've had a day without any big problems where we could get on with our programme," he said.
"I think we more or less completed everything we wanted to, and we went through so much set up stuff that we should have done in Barcelona.
"So it's been a very productive day and I'm happy that we've managed to do so many laps today after a difficult day yesterday, when it wasn't looking great.
"I am very pleased with the amount of laps we've done also for the team. It's not been an easy week after a double header, then coming into the test with these issues the team have been working flat out. They've done a very good job to get the car out on track every time."
Honda analysis
But with Honda having only made temporary fixes to avoid a repeat of the MGU-H problems that hit its Bahrain weekend, Boullier said it would be wrong to believe that the Japanese manufacturer had put reliability concerns behind it totally.
"No, because it is very difficult to understand what went wrong," he said. "We obviously changed the MGU-H I think, and yesterday morning after two laps the MGU-H was gone.
"We changed the engine and did 17 laps yesterday, but we couldn't find anything wrong physically on the car. So I think it's going to be complicated for Honda to understand what's wrong.
"It's maybe coming from a batch problem, maybe some anomalies are car related… there is no common cause."
All the Collateral that's Fit to Print
I was really ready for a laugh when I read the Bloomberg article, “Derivatives Industry Gets Second Look From Congress.”
To start off the festivities, it opens with a photo of the odious Christopher Dodd, the self-important arrogant loudmouth from Connecticut who milks the job for special “favors” and personal aggrandizement, actually chairs the House banking committee and, as a long-time member of Congress, is directly responsible for the economic catastrophe befalling us and the world, a sorry fact that I hope is a complete and utter embarrassment to the voters of Connecticut.
But the article was not about Christopher Dodd or how something is obviously wrong with this guy, and naturally it did not mention the fact that if I thought, for even a minute, that I could get away with it, I would go to Washington, D.C., walk into this guy's office, grab him by the lapels of his coat and slap, slap, slap the hell out of his smarmy face until whatever in the hell is wrong with him has been knocked out of his stupid Leftist, economically-illiterate head.
Instead, we read that now that his incompetence is evident, “Congress will take a second shot at the derivatives industry after its decision nine years ago to forgo regulations led to a $592 trillion market that brought some financial firms to their knees.”
Then, to show you that Mr. Dodd, the bank or the Federal Reserve don't have an exclusive on economic illiteracy, the article quoted Mark Halverson, “a staff director for Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Tom Harkin”, as saying that “One of the key underlying problems in the whole lead-up to the meltdown was too much leverage, too little capital or too little collateral.” Hmmm!
Well, while he is exactly right that there was too much leverage, where the buyers of these toxic assets were putting up a few cents in chump change and borrowing the rest, he apparently doesn't know what leverage is, even though I just explained it, which shows how much people pay attention to me around here. Morons.
The fact is that Mr. Halverson is being merely redundant when he says there was too little capital, as distinct from leverage, but I got a Real Hot Mogambo News Flash (RHMNF) for this Halverson fella about “too little collateral”, as there was lots of collateral, dude! All the collateral you want! More than you could ever want!
You want more collateral? Hell, give me a couple of minutes and I can whip a lot of IOUs and vague promises into a package and give you all the freaking collateral you want! I'll give it a fancy title, too, like “Collateralized Debt And Vague Promises Obligation.” Too little collateral, you say? Hahaha!
Then, just when I thought it could not get funnier, I got to a funnier part where, as part of the overhaul of the entire economic and financial system of America, the Obama administration has a proposal that would “require standardized over-the-counter derivatives contracts to be guaranteed by a clearinghouse.” Hahahaha!
And if the clearinghouse decided it could not, or would not, pay? Hahaha! Hell, we got that system now! Hahaha!
The scary part was that the Obama administration is revealed as clueless, too, and Bloomberg remarked that the White House “said in its regulatory proposal that while derivatives didn't cause the financial meltdown, they ‘became a major source of contagion through the financial sector during the crisis,' instead of dispersing risk as intended.” Hahaha! Wrong!
I was just getting ready to fire off a lot of scathing emails about such a ridiculous stupidity, when I realized that here was the perfect solution to my problems at work!
No, not my main problem of calling employees and customers “morons” for not buying gold, silver and oil when their own stupid government is ruining the dollar right in front of their eyes by allowing the Federal Reserve to create such excesses of new money and credit so that the government can borrow the money and spend it, now that people are not borrowing and spending money with their customary élan because they are broke and unemployed.
Nor was it a solution to any of my many, many other personal problems which are, I might add, all the result of other people acting like they have a lot of brain damage. Wasn't it Sartre who said, “Hell is other people”?
Instead, this could be the solution to the problem of how I am probably going to get fired because I have alienated the customers and made enemies of the employees, which was not part of my Fabulous Mogambo Plan (FMP), which was to take the customer's orders, demand a big deposit, and then just say, “Screw ‘em!” whereupon Sales would always be bringing in new customers, whereupon I would take a little of that new deposit money and settle out-of-court with the irate customers for pennies on the dollar. A real moneymaker of a plan!
So, obviously, the financial problems of the company are not my fault. The sales department fell down on the job, ruining everything.
As I watch her face turn red with anger, I remember that I am just hoping to stall for time, as it will not be long before gold, silver and oil shoot upwards in price and I, who have these things, will have enough money to buy the damned company and fire them all, including my boss and her “Get out of my office or I'm calling Security!” crap!
Actually, I am thinking, “Whee! This investing stuff is easy!”
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Monday renewed calls for domestic surveillance of mosques in the U.S. after Islamic militants claimed credit for last week's attacks in Paris.
ADVERTISEMENT
"You're going to have to watch and study the mosques, because a lot of talk is going on at the mosques," the GOP presidential candidate said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."
"And from what I heard, in the old days — meaning a while ago — we had great surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City," Trump added.
"I'm not sure it's a fact, but I heard that under the old regime we had tremendous surveillance going on in and around the mosques of New York City," Trump continued.
He also suggested that he would consider shutting down some mosques in the U.S. in order to defeat ISIS, reiterating a point he made during an interview last month on Fox Business.
"I would hate to do it, but it's something that you're going to have to strongly consider because some of the ideas and some of the hatred, the absolute hatred, is coming from these areas," Trump said.
Other Republican presidential candidates, such as former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) have called for a tougher military response to defeat the terrorist group after the Paris attacks, which left 129 dead.
Britain's pro-Brexit newspapers have reacted angrily to the High Court's decision that Theresa May must secure parliamentary approval before invoking Article 50 and withdrawing Britain from the European Union.
However, the tone and wording of some of Friday morning's front pages has sparked outrage, with the Daily Mail and Daily Express, in particular, coming in for scathing criticism for how they've reported the story.
The Mail, one of Britain's most popular but divisive newspapers, published a headline reading "ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE" in reference to the three judges who delivered yesterday's historic verdict.
The judges, who are among the country's most experienced and well-respected legal experts, are pictured and accused of defying the will of the 17.4 million Brits who voted to leave the EU.
Twitter/Daily Mail
Journalists, academics, and other Twitter users accused the Mail of publishing dangerous and hateful language, particularly its use "enemies" to describe three men who were simply doing their job by upholding the law.
The Express, another one of Britain's most popular newspapers, is being mocked for its misleading front page.
Firstly, it claims that the High Court judges blocked Brexit. This is false. Britain will leave the EU. What the verdict impacts is the process of withdrawal and potentially how long it will take. Secondly, the opening paragraph suggests the legal ruling is as "grave" as when Britain was at war with Nazi Germany.
Sky News/Twitter
This is how people reacted:
There is real concern that aside from reporting the High Court verdict in a distorted way, the way these front pages present the three judges as enemies of British people could lead to their safety being threatened. 2016 has seen an MP murdered on the streets of her constituency, a brick thrown through the officer of another, and one MP being forced to be accompanied by bodyguards at the Labour party's annual conference.
Have your say:
Tom Wolf, right, candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination in Pennsylvania, walks down the main street in the Pittsburgh suburb of Mt. Lebanon, Pa., during a campaign visit on Thursday, May 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic)
Businessman Tom Wolf won the Democratic nomination for governor in Pennsylvania Tuesday, easily besting three other candidates including Rep. Allyson Schwartz.
Wolf will now advance to a November showdown against Gov. Tom Corbett (R), regarded by many observers as the most vulnerable governor up for reelection. Corbett is struggling in the polls.
The Associated Press called the race for Wolf with just 14 percent of precincts reporting. Wolf had 55 percent, leading Schwartz (23 percent), state Treasurer Rob McCord (15 percent) and former state environmental secretary Katie McGinty (7 percent).
Wolf is running as a technocrat and an outsider. He poured $10 million of his own money into his bid.
If Wolf defeats Corbett this fall, Corbett will be the first governor to lose reelection in Pennsylvania's history.
Warner Bros.'s supervillain team-up Suicide Squad may be welcoming a major superhero to its cast. Rumor has it Ben Affleck‘s Batman is set to appear in the film, which will then help set up his own solo outing. More details on the possible Batman Suicide Squad cameo after the jump.
The Batman Suicide Squad rumor — and it is just a rumor at this point — comes from Forbes. We previously heard from Latino Review (possible spoilers at the link) that Batman might be seen on a video monitor in the film, but Forbes now says the Caped Crusader will appear “in the flesh.” He'll likely come near the end, in a scene involving the Joker (played by Jared Leto).
This, in turn, will lay the groundwork for a solo Batman outing which will have the Joker as the main villain. According to Forbes, the film will be based on Frank Miller‘s The Dark Knight Returns, which introduces Ellen Yindel as the new Gotham police commissioner.
The idea of Batman appearing in Suicide Squad may sound like geek fantasy, but it seems plausible enough. Batman is one of DC's best-loved heroes, and so could help bring attention to the less famous Suicide Squad. His famous connection to the Joker justifies his presence on a narrative level. And it'd be a fun way to flesh out the DC universe before Warner Bros. launches the new Batman franchise.
As for when that'll be, it's unclear. Warner Bros. hasn't officially dated the new Batman solo outing, though it's rumored for 2019. Whether or not that pans out, it sounds like we'll be seeing a lot of the Bat in the coming years. The new Batman makes his debut in next year's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, followed by two Justice League movies in 2017 and 2019.
Images from NASA's Swift satellite were combined in this UV/optical/X-ray view of the explosion, which is known as GRB 110328A. The blast was detected in X-rays, which were collected on March 28.
A huge, powerful star explosion detonated in deep space last week — an ultra-bright conflagaration that has astronomers scratching their heads over exactly how it happened.
The explosion may be the death cry of a star as it was ripped apart by a black hole, scientists said. High-energy radiation continues to brighten and fade from the March 28 blast's location, about 3.8 billion light-years from Earth in the constellation Draco. [Image of the space explosion]
Astronomers say they've never witnessed an explosion so bright, long-lasting and variable before, according to NASA officials.
The explosion looks like a gamma-ray burst — the most powerful type of explosion in the universe, which usually mark the destruction of a massive star — but the flaring emissions from these dramatic events never last more than a few hours, researchers said.
"We know of objects in our own galaxy that can produce repeated bursts, but they are thousands to millions of times less powerful than the bursts we are seeing now," said Andrew Fruchter, of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, in a statement today (April 7). "This is truly extraordinary."
This is a visible-light image of GRB 110328A's host galaxy (arrow) taken on April 4 by the Hubble Space Telescope's Wide Field Camera 3. The galaxy is 3.8 billion light-years away. (Image: © NASA/ESA/A. Fruchter (STScI))
Massive explosion in space
Scientists are using several NASA space observatories, working in concert, to study the massive blast.
The space explosion was detected on March 28 when an instrument on NASA's Swift satellite detected an X-ray eruption, the first in a series of powerful blasts. The Swift observatory determined a rough position for the explosion, which scientists are now calling the gamma-ray burst (GRB) 110328A. [Video: What Makes the Brightest Flash in the Universe?]
After Swift's discovery, an image taken by the Hubble Space Telescope on Monday (April 4) pinpointed the exact source of the blast — the center of a small galaxy in the Draco constellation. That same day, astronomers used the Chandra X-ray Observatory to make a four-hour exposure of the puzzling source.
Although research is ongoing, astronomers say that the unusual explosion likely arose when a star wandered too close to its galaxy's central black hole. Intense tidal forces probably tore the star apart, and the infalling gas continues to stream toward the black hole.
According to this model, the spinning black hole formed an outflowing jet, which is blasting powerful X-rays and gamma rays in our direction, researchers said.
"The fact that the explosion occurred in the center of a galaxy tells us it is most likely associated with a massive black hole," said Neil Gehrels, the lead scientist for Swift at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, in a statement. "This solves a key question about the mysterious event." [Photos: Black Holes of the Universe]
Looking down the barrel of the jet
Most galaxies, including our own, contain central black holes with millions of times the mass of our sun. The disrupted star probably succumbed to a black hole less massive than the one at the heart of our Milky Way galaxy. The Milky Way's central black hole has a mass that is about 4 million times that of the sun, researchers said.
GRB 110328A has repeatedly flared in the days following its discovery by Swift. This plot shows the brightness changes recorded by Swift's X-ray Telescope. (Image: © NASA/Swift/Penn State/J. Kennea)
Astronomers have detected stars disrupted by supermassive black holes before, but none have shown the X-ray brightness and variability seen in GRB 110328A, which has flared repeatedly. Since April 3, for example, it has brightened by more than five times.
Scientists think that the X-rays may be coming from matter moving near the speed of light in a particle jet that forms as the star's gas falls toward the black hole.
"The best explanation at the moment is that we happen to be looking down the barrel of this jet," said Andrew Levan at the University of Warwick in the United Kingdom, who led the Chandra observations. "When we look straight down these jets, a brightness boost lets us view details we might otherwise miss."
Astronomers plan additional Hubble observations to see if the galaxy's core changes brightness.
Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @Spacedotcom and on Facebook.
by Rashad Snell
An Alabama lawmaker is seeking to have drivers ticketed if they are staying too long in the far left lane of an interstate.
Republican Rep. Phillip Pettus of Greenhill is sponsoring a bill to limit the amount of time drivers could spend in the far left lane to no more than 1 and a half miles.
Pettus says most instances of road rage can be traced to someone who is “holding up” the far left lane, which Pettus says should be used only to pass others.
Should the bill become law, there would be a two-month grace period where drivers would be issued warnings, not tickets.
The bill has been approved in committee and could be voted on in the House next week.
___
Information from: The Decatur Daily, http://www.decaturdaily.com/decaturdaily/index.shtml
(Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The Strange Rise Of Coal In The Middle East
In a region rich with oil, gas and solar power, but very few coal resources, the surge in coal is surprising. Despite gas prices being low at the moment, coal is cheaper still.
The proposed 2.4 gigawatt coal fired power station in Hassyan is close to Dubai's border with Abu Dhabi and around 60 kilometres south-west of central Dubai. Courtesy ACWA Power
Coal is so unpopular in the US that they can't even give it away. The governor of mining heartland West Virginia is petitioning President Donald Trump for a $15 per tonne subsidy for burning his coal. But remarkably in the Middle East, a region with almost no coal of its own, the demand for the black fuel is on the up.
Dubai's solar successes have made the headlines, but a different kind of electricity generation is rising at Hassyan, on the coast beyond the site for Expo 2020. In November, a consortium of Saudi Arabia's Acwa Power and China's Harbin Electric began building a 2.4 gigawatt coal power plant on the site.
The UAE's energy strategy states coal will account for 12 per cent of the total national electricity generation by 2050, which translates into about 11.2GW. Beyond Dubai, Federal Electricity and Water Authority (Fewa) has planned a 1.8GW plant in the northern emirates, but it is not clear where the additional 7GW is expected to come from.
Egypt has imported coal since 2014 for industrial use, and North Africa's most populous nation is planning to build a number of large-scale coal-fired power plants with Chinese investors. Abu Dhabi-based Al Nowais Investments Group, in 2014, also signed a deal for a 1.32 GW coal-fired plant on the Gulf of Suez.
Iran, which witnessed a coal mine blast in Golestan province in May in which more than 20 miners died, is pushing ahead with planned coal power plants, mostly in the coal-rich area of Tabas in the east, with Chinese involvement. Turkey, which already generates more than 16GW of power through coal, plans to build additional plants.
Jordan, whose energy strategy targets 5 per cent of power generation through coal by 2025, last June signed a deal for a small coal-fired plant, while Oman is looking to build coal-fired plant at its new port development of Duqm.
In a region rich with oil, gas and solar power, but very few coal resources, this surge is surprising. Most coal-dependent regions are moving away from it: China burns more than half of the world's coal but consumption has been falling since 2013 as the country tries to clean up its skies. Cheap gas, solar and wind power are crushing coal in the US, while environmental regulations and low-priced gas imports are pushing it out of Europe as well. Even India is cancelling plans for giant new coal plants in favour of renewable energy.
The Middle Eastern countries that are looking at coal are trying to diversify their fuel mix, and to reduce vulnerability to economic or supply shocks. Gas is cheap at the moment but its price is volatile, and states such as Dubai, Egypt and Turkey do not want to be too import-dependent. For Dubai, which attracted a very competitive bid from Acwa and Harbin, coal is a key part of strengthening its negotiating position with other suppliers. Iran and Turkey are trying to maximise the use of their domestic coal, and for Turkey, reliance on rivals Iran and Russia for two-thirds of its gas is dangerous.
Despite gas prices being low at the moment, coal is cheaper still — at least once the required import facilities are constructed. Chinese power and engineering companies, looking for other markets, are offering their expertise and low-cost financing.
Most of these plants will be built with modern pollution controls, that trap sulphur dioxide, particulates, mercury and other toxic and acidic emissions. But they will still produce large quantities of carbon dioxide, the main factor responsible for global warming, working against the region's efforts to cut emissions with solar and nuclear power and more efficient energy use. Some of the plants are intended to be “capture-ready”, that is to be able to trap carbon dioxide and dispose of it safely underground, but none plans to use carbon capture from the outset.
The lawyers that craft Canada's laws and advise government on everything from criminal justice trends to national security are being forced to cut corners to cope with heavier workloads, tighter timelines and decreased funding and staff.
An evaluation of the Criminal Law Policy Section at the Department of Justice warns that while the group of legal experts has been meeting its objectives, the fast pace of policy development, a loss of senior counsel and tightening financial resources are "hindering its optimal effectiveness" — and warns the situation will only get worse.
"The section is achieving its expected outcomes using a limited amount of resources, though not in a manner that is sustainable," concludes the report by the Justice Department's evaluation division.
Thorough analysis, consultation with external stakeholders and development of policy options are "adversely affected," the report adds.
The evaluation — the first such review of the Criminal Law Policy Section — was conducted between November 2012 and December 2013 and covered the work of the department between 2008-09 and 2012-13. During that period, it experienced a "substantial decrease" in resources — with expenditures slashed by 21 per cent and full-time equivalent staff down 18 per cent due to attrition and salary cuts.
"This has the potential to affect the effectiveness and the efficiency of the section's services in complex matters, erode the experience and knowledge base of the section and affect the quality of legal work," reads the report that was completed in March 2014 and recently published online.
Critics warn the impact could be dire for the quality of Canadian laws and the justice system as a whole.
Too many demands, NDP says
The Criminal Law Policy Section is the federal government's hub of expertise on criminal law including offences, enforcement powers and sentencing. It also works with other units to advise government on areas such as national security and terrorism.
NDP justice critic Françoise Boivin said lawyers performing a critical function for Canada's justice system are stretched too thin and overworked, but narrowing the focus of their work is not a good solution.
"You're in front of professionals, but professionals who are getting tired because they have more and more demands on them," she said. "What it means is you get less clear laws, you don't have laws that have been researched and analyzed as much as they should have been."
In response to questions from CBC News, the Justice Department stressed that the section has been effective to date, achieving expected outcomes and garnering a high level of satisfaction with its work. Spokeswoman Carole Saindon said it is engaging in "targeted staffing" to better meet changing needs.
"The Criminal Law Policy Section has undertaken a number of steps to improve efficiency, including assigning files based on experience, expertise, workload and operational needs and will explore opportunities to re-align resources to more effectively and efficiently address the demand for services, including new priority issues," she said.
The report also says that consultation with the provinces and territories and external stakeholders is also being compromised. Boivin said the government is getting more and more outside advice as a way of controlling information and gaining "moral justification" for a politically driven agenda.
Liberal justice critic Sean Casey called it "troubling" that the government has cut funding in an area paramount to its legislative agenda.
"For a government that has as the centrepiece of its raison d'être, tough on crime, you would think and expect they would dedicate the resources to this particular department if any, to do a thorough job," he said. "It's happening everywhere, but that doesn't justify what they are doing here, where they are so radically changing the country's approach to criminal law."
'Don't let the facts get in the way'
Casey said the section is now being held together with "Herculean efforts" of dedicated public servants, but more lawyers will be lost due to burnout. Ultimately, he said, the quality of laws will suffer — reflected in the "losing streak" the government is on with cases before the Supreme Court.
"Given the right manpower, given the right budget, the government would be able to expect thorough, comprehensive advice that may have an impact on the constitutionality or the policy strength of the legislation they're bringing forward.
"But what we're seeing is that for them, it doesn't really matter. Solid, well-researched, timely criminal law policy advice isn't a necessity for them to do what they want to do. In fact, sometimes it just gets in the way and is expendable," Casey said.
"And I think that is the message that this sends, sadly. When you're driven by ideology, you don't want the facts to get in the way, and the degree to which this department has been cut is entirely consistent with that."
Steve Sullivan, executive director of Ottawa Victims Services and the former federal ombudsman for victims of crime, agrees that an expanding workload with a faster pace and stretched resources is having an impact on the quality of legislation.
"This is concerning given the number of times we are seeing government legislation being criticized or struck down by the courts," he said. "Maybe we are seeing the results of counsel not having enough time to undertake thorough analysis. It is not enough for laws to be popular — they have to respect the charter. The government is not interested in better options — only their own solutions."
Other highlights of the report:
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE leads rival Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE by just 2 points in California's Democratic presidential primary, a new poll released Wednesday shows.
The NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll shows Clinton with 49 percent support to Sanders's 47 percent.
ADVERTISEMENT
California's primary, which takes place Tuesday with 475 pledged delegates up for grabs, could have a huge impact on the race for the Democratic nomination.
Clinton has a large delegate lead over Sanders. But the Vermont senator hopes a win in California could convince the party's superdelegates to flip to supporting him ahead of the July nominating convention in July.
Clinton currently has 1,769 pledged delegates, with Sanders at 1,501, according to The Associated Press.
In addition, the former first lady has the support of 543 superdelegates; Sanders currently has 44.
In total, Clinton is about 70 delegates away from surpassing the 2,383 total needed to clinch the nomination.
Because superdelegates don't officially vote until the convention, Sanders has pledged to fight up until the convention to convince superdelegates to flip.
Sanders has acknowledged his road to the nomination is a "narrow" one but has insisted he will stay in the race.
"Obviously, if we don't do well in California, it will make our path much, much harder. No question about it," Sanders said on "Meet the Press" on Sunday.
"But I think we have a good chance to win in California, maybe win big, and maybe win four or five of the other states that [hold races] on June 7."
In the poll, Clinton leads with older voters while Sanders leads among younger and first-time voters.
Sixty-three percent of respondents ages 45 and older said they will vote for Clinton, and just 33 percent said Sanders.
But among those younger than 45 years old, 66 percent support Sanders to just 30 percent for Clinton.
And Sanders had 72 percent support among first-time voters to 28 percent for Clinton.
"As throughout the primary season, age is the story in this California tossup," says Lee Miringoff, director of the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion.
"Sanders inspires younger or first-time voters, and Clinton relies upon those who are older or have participated in the past."
The poll was conducted May 29-31 among 557 likely Democratic primary voters and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.2 percentage points.
- Updated at 5:30 p.m.
Fresh from a controversy over his views on evolution, Wisconsin Republican Gov. Scott Walker is now involved in a controversy over his views, or lack of them, on President Obama's religion. On Saturday, two Washington Post reporters asked Walker, in the nation's capital for a governor's meeting, whether Obama is a Christian. Walker said he didn't know.
Informed by the reporters that Obama is in fact a Christian, Walker replied, "I've actually never talked about it or I haven't read about that," protesting that the president's religion is not a topic of great interest to voters. "I would defy you to come to Wisconsin. You could ask 100 people, and not one of them would say that this is a significant issue," Walker told the Post.
RELATED: Scott Walker: 'I don't know' if Obama loves America
Nevertheless, the story created at least a minor explosion in the political press, and Democrats quickly used it to attack a Republican who has recently risen to the top tier of the GOP 2016 presidential field.
But when it comes to confusion, or wrong information, about Obama's religion, Scott Walker is far from alone. Polls have long shown many Americans know little about the president's faith.
In June, 2012, Gallup asked, "Do you happen to know the religious faith of Barack Obama?" Forty-four percent said they did not know, while 36 percent said he is a Christian, 11 percent said he is a Muslim, and eight percent said he has no religion. The "don't know" group included 36 percent of Democrats. (A larger number of Republicans, 47 percent, said they didn't know Obama's religion, as did 46 percent of independents.)
RELATED: Top conservatives call Walker 'presidential,' but ask if he's too much a 'cheesehead'
In August, 2010, a Pew poll made news when it found that 18 percent of those surveyed believed Obama is a Muslim. But just as notably, 43 percent of respondents in that survey told Pew they didn't know Obama's religion. Among those who said they didn't know were 41 percent of Democrats.
One notable suggestion in the Pew survey was that in Obama's first couple of years in office, as Americans became more familiar with him as president, they became less sure of his religious faith. In March 2009, shortly after Obama entered the White House, 34 percent said they did not know his religion, while 48 percent identified him as a Christian. By August 2010, the number of Americans who said they did not know Obama's religion had grown to 43 percent, while the number who identified him as Christian fell to 34 percent. The trend was true not just of the president's political opponents but of his supporters as well. "Even among Democrats, fewer than half (46 percent) now identify his religion as Christian, down from 55 percent last year," Pew wrote in 2010.
In June 2012, Pew asked the question again and found that 36 percent — still more than one-third of Americans — did not know Obama's faith, while 45 percent identified him as a Christian. (The poll, taken during the 2012 presidential campaign, found that more people — 51 percent — correctly identified Mitt Romney as a Mormon than the 45 percent who said Obama is a Christian.)
The polls are anywhere from two to four years old. There hasn't been much research on the topic recently, so it's possible views have changed in one direction or the other.
Whenever the issue pops up, Obama's most ardent supporters are quick to blame conservative media for misperceptions about Obama's religion. But it's possible something in Obama's public presentation of himself has also created confusion among a significant number of Americans about his religion. The fact is, Obama's religious roots and development have always been a complicated story. In 2010, after the Pew poll came out, I wrote about the causes of public confusion about Obama and faith, particularly the belief that he is a Muslim:
In 1985, Barack Obama had just arrived in Chicago for his new job as a community organizer when he headed to Smitty's Barbershop, a tiny storefront on the South Side. As Smitty cut his hair, Obama listened to the men in the shop talk politics and racial grievance. When the barber finished, he handed Obama a mirror and said, "Haircuts ten dollars. What's your name, anyway?"
"Barack."
"Barack, huh," Smitty responded. "You a Muslim?"
"Grandfather was," Obama said, according to his memoir Dreams From My Father.
Smitty's question, which Obama didn't exactly answer, prefigured a controversy that continues to this day.
A new poll by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life shows that 18 percent of Americans believe Obama is a Muslim. That is up from the 12 percent who believed that in October 2008, just before Obama was elected president.
At the same time, the number of Pew respondents who say Obama is a Christian — in Dreams From My Father, he describes his conversion to Christianity under the tutelage of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright — has declined from 51 percent in October 2008 to 34 percent now. And the number of people who say they don't know Obama's religion is growing, from 32 percent back then to 43 percent today.
The White House blames the situation on a "misinformation campaign" from Obama's opponents. But Obama and his aides might also blame themselves for the way they've handled the Muslim issue over the years.
The question did not come out of nowhere. As Obama said, his grandfather was a Muslim. His father was raised a Muslim before becoming, by Obama's account, "a confirmed atheist." Obama's stepfather was a Muslim. His half-sister Maya told the New York Times that her "whole family was Muslim."
Obama spent two years in a Muslim school in Indonesia and later, in a conversation with the Times' Nicholas Kristof, described the Arabic call to prayer, the beginning of which he recited by heart, as "one of the prettiest sounds on Earth at sunset." Given all that, it is entirely accurate and fair to describe Obama as having Muslim roots.
Yet during the [2008] campaign his aides shouted down even a measured discussion of the topic, and Obama's critics could face ostracism simply for uttering the candidate's middle name. In December 2007, with the Iowa caucuses approaching, former Democratic Sen. Bob Kerrey, a Hillary Clinton supporter, said of Obama, "I like the fact that his name is Barack Hussein Obama, and that his father was a Muslim and that his paternal grandmother is a Muslim. There's a billion people on the planet that are Muslims, and I think that experience is a big deal." Kerrey's remarks caused an uproar — one TV commentator wondered whether they were "poisoning the well" — and Kerrey later apologized.
Eighteen months later, when President Obama traveled to Cairo for a long-awaited speech to the Muslim world, the White House was saying, and the press was reporting, the same thing Kerrey had to apologize for. "President Obama is now embracing his Muslim roots," ABC News "Nightline" announced. "President Obama's speech was laced with references to the Quran and his Muslim roots," said USA Today. "Obama touched on his own Muslim roots," reported the Associated Press.
Many people do not pay close attention to news reports. It's entirely possible some of them blurred the distinction between "Muslim roots" and "Muslim," especially since Obama in Cairo celebrated what his campaign had once downplayed.
In the more than four years since that column was published, it's likely at least some confusion about Obama's religion has persisted. For one thing, few people see Obama openly practicing any religious faith. After the president did not attend church on Christmas 2013, the New York Times, citing unofficial White House historian Mark Knoller, noted that Obama had attended church 18 times in nearly five years in the White House, while George W. Bush attended 120 times in eight years. Yes, there are a variety of reasons some presidents don't go to church very often, but in Obama's case, absence does nothing to change existing public perceptions of him.
And there are other factors. For example, it would not be a stretch to guess that those Americans who told Gallup and Pew that they did not know the president's faith would remain unsure after hearing reports that at the recent National Prayer Breakfast, Obama explained Islamic State violence by urging listeners to "remember that during the Crusades and the Inquisition, people committed terrible deeds in the name of Christ." Again, many people don't pay close attention to the news, and snippets of reports on Obama's faith, like his remarks at the Prayer Breakfast, could yield a confused picture.
Some would argue that, while yes, many in the public don't know the president's religion, certainly Scott Walker, the governor of a state, should know. But Walker's answer to the reporters' question just reflects a broader public puzzlement over Barack Obama's faith — a phenomenon that he helped perpetuate and, at this late date in his presidency, seems unlikely to go away.
Did Rudy Giuliani's Comments About Obama Go Too Far? in Washington Examiner's Hangs on LockerDome
December saw the promotion of Fermanagh & South Tyrone MLA, Arlene Foster to the position of DUP leader and the North of Ireland's First Minister.
Foster is a woman who was once described to have “learned a lot from the likes of Thatcher when it comes to dealing with men in politics."
It is not coming as much of a surprise that some middle-class, career-focused feminists have made claims of this being some sort of advance of feminism. Many are claiming that this represents a great change in northern Irish society, as a move away from the male dominated arena that we understand politics here to be (the same could be said throughout the World of course).
Those hailing Foster's promotion as a feminist advancement will generally take the approach that having more women in politics is always a positive thing – regardless of their politics. Those who hold these opinions are usually those who can afford to hold them, or who are so privileged in every other avenue of their life that they don't need to consider anything but the gender of those who implement policies.
Others believe that the politics of the women elected does in fact matter, that their politics must be more progressive. Those of a socialist persuasion are generally feminist (on paper at least) and many feminists are socialists (again, on paper at least). This group of people broadly believe that through the electoral route, through electing feminists and socialists, through the use of the governing institutions that we can affect positive change and a new society.
Anarchist feminists look at it a bit differently. We don't believe that the tools of our oppression can be used for our liberation. We believe that the means determine the ends. Women in politics means nothing if we're still poor, or can't make a decision over our own body or if we continue to face oppression in many other ways.
With this in mind, here are 5 reasons why Foster's promotion is not good for feminism, and why it is excellent for the status quo.
(1) Foster is still fostering homophobic tendencies.
It's no secret that the DUP are rampant homophobes. Last year they proposed a bill that would have effectively excluded Queer and LGBT+ people from everyday life through a so-called Conscience Clause.
Foster voted in favour of the bill. By voting in favour of the bill she revealed that she believes that businesses should be able to refuse service on the basis of the customer's sexuality. The idea behind this was if someone's sexuality falls into the criteria of “religious persecution” then the religious should be allowed to persecute the queers.
Foster even opposes marriage equality, a very liberal measure in terms of queer acceptance in a straight society. She was part of the minority of MLAs who voted against the latest bill to introduce marriage equality into the north, legislation that was blocked by her party of homophobes of course.
(2) Foster does not believe that women and other pregnant people should have a right to choice in regards to their own bodies.
When the Marie Stopes clinic opened in Belfast in 2012 Diane Dodds (the DUP's only MEP) released a statement claiming that "As a party we make no apology for wishing to see as few abortions as possible take place in Northern Ireland and we do not support any change to current laws." and that she "cannot consider abortion simply to be just another medical procedure.”
When Foster's opinion was requested a DUP spokesperson repsonded claiming that "Diane Dodds' statement on the Marie Stopes clinic was representative of all female members, including Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster".
(3) Foster loves Capitalism.
Foster has acted as both Enterprise, Trade and Investment Minister as well as Finance Minister.
She is a huge advocate of lowering the Corporation Tax in the North down to 12.5%. This will leave corporations paying less tax and increasing their profits.
A lower Corporation Tax - so that businesses get a break while the rest of us toil - as well as money being pumped into the pockets of rich voters is her priority.
What is not her priority, is an increase in wages, better working conditions, flexible work hours, not to mention childcare for working mothers and fathers.
She doesn't care about the effect of the Public Sector cuts on workers. She showed no support or sympathy with those who went out on strike last March in an effort to reverse the devastating cuts.
It doesn't concern her that women comprise two-thirds of Public Sector workers and will therefore be disproportionately affected by the cuts – cuts that she is very comfortable implementing.
She wants more investment, more money in the hands of the 1% and for us to be grateful for whatever crumbs are thrown our way.
(4) Unionism is in very safe hands.
As a member of the Democratic Unionist Party it's a given that Foster is an ardent unionist. She believes that a government nearly 500 miles away is where decisions should be made over our local areas and over our lives.
Sectarianism is not an issue of concern to her - why would it be when Stormont and the whole system are built on it?
(5) Foster is no Feminist - Not that Women's Liberation can be achieved through Stormont anyway
I'm going to beginning proving this point by recapping what we have read so far.
Foster doesn't believe that a woman should have the right to choose what happens to her own body and therefore agrees with forced pregnancy.
She is a homophobe - homophobia is incompatible with feminism. The feminist theory of intersectionality puts forward the idea that all of our struggles and oppressions are connected and intersect with one and other to reinforce them.
She loves capitalism, an economic system that globally leaves women disproportionately poorer than men - it also doesn't help if you have to travel to England for an abortion because your Female First Minister doesn't believe you should be able to avail of one here.
She is a Unionist, a system that opposes autonomy. This is at odds with the basic feminist idea of female autonomy, an idea which many feminists extend to ideologies of governance or autonomous organising of society.
As First Minister she will continue to uphold and pursue these views and policies. Swapping Robinson for Foster is merely the swapping of one master for another. It gives the facade of change while reinforcing the same system.
Even if Foster were a feminist Stormont has not been built for the purpose of women's liberation. It has not been built for any kind of liberation.
Female participation in our old, tired and patriarchal systems will not eradicate them of sexism; it will only ensure further continuance and participation in our old, tired and patriarchal systems.
The State is built on the foundations of the idea of privilege. The idea that some in society are entitled to more than others by their very nature. This idea of privilege and domination of one group over another comes from the idea that the male sex was meant to biologically dominate over the female sex; this is what paved the way for systems of privilege, such as sexism, the class system, racism, etc.
Stormont has been used as a tool to oppress and to enslave; it cannot be used for our liberation.
The solution is not to take Stormont and fill it to the brim with women - no matter how feminist. The solution lies in the destruction of our current patriarchal oppressive structure while simultaneously building a brand-new society, free from systemic oppression, based on co-operation, not competition.
A society in which people get to make decisions over their own lives - not some politicians who they have never met; politicians who have no intention of meeting them and working in their best interests.
A society in which all are free from domination.
This type of society doesn't come from a ballot box.
Words: Fionnghuala Nic Roibeaird
A Toronto private school teacher is going to jail for two years after pleading guilty to sex-related offences involving two of his former students.
The teacher, who cannot be named because of a "rare" publication ban, was handcuffed in a Toronto courtroom on Monday, and appeared to mouth "Goodbye" to his wife and "I'm sorry" to the victim's families as he was escorted away.
In March, the 43-year-old teacher pleaded guilty to sexual interference, sexual exploitation and making child pornography.
He was also sentenced to three years of probation following the jail term. The Crown had asked for a three-year prison term. The defence argued for a 16-month sentence.
Ontario Justice James Chaffe said the teacher "inflicted profound harm" on two female students by maintaining "predatory" sexual relationships that included kissing and fondling as well as sexual photos and videos.
Through "careful and skilful" manipulation, Chaffe said, the teacher was able to exploit the two young teenagers, leaving them "forever changed" with feelings of "shame and guilt."
One of the victims was in the courtroom on Monday.
In his decision, Chaffe said the man occupied a "special of position of trust" as the girls' teacher, coach and tutor.
"He abused this position, this position of power, and harmed them instead for his sexual gratification."
Publication ban challenged unsuccessfully
The name of the Toronto private school where the teacher worked is also covered by the publication ban, which was issued in a preliminary hearing in order to protect the identities of the victims.
CBC Toronto and the Globe and Mail unsuccessfully challenged the order in March, arguing that it was too broad and unnecessary to protect the identity of the girls.
Lisa Taylor, a former lawyer and broadcaster who teaches media law at Ryerson University, says journalists are perfectly capable of protecting the identities of victims of crime, and the ban goes too far.
"That should be a newsroom decision and an exercise in journalism ethics, not a legal restriction on reporting information," Taylor said in an interview.
She added that it's particularly problematic in this case because the teacher has been not only charged, but convicted and sentenced.
"Once someone is convicted, and pleaded guilty, that is a clear matter of public interest, especially in this type of crime when we have to wonder about what happens in the future and what kind of access he has to young people," Taylor said.
Victims were 14 and 16
According to an agreed statement of facts, the teacher exchanged increasingly flirtatious text messages with each of the students during relationships that occurred at different times.
In 2009, he was the teacher of one of the students and was hired by her parents as a tutor. The student attended weekly tutoring sessions at his home.
For several months, the teacher kissed and fondled the 14-year-old student during these visits.
In 2012, the second victim, who was 16, returned to the teacher's school for a co-op placement.
After sending flirtatious text messages, the teacher persuaded the student to send him sexual photos and videos.
The court heard that in 2013, when the student was 17, she visited the teacher's home, where he persuaded her to engage in sex acts.
After serving his jail term, the teacher will face restrictions on working, volunteering and interacting with children. He has two young children of his own.
In a surprise twist, Nuggets assistant general manager Pete D'Alessandro, considered a top candidate for the Denver GM job, instead has agreed to take the GM job with the Sacramento Kings. Nuggets president Josh Kroenke confirmed the report tweeted by Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo Sports.
The Kings, under new ownership, have a revitalized spirit and are had been looking to lock in budding talent such as D'Alessandro and coach Mike Malone.
It's unclear what direction the Nuggets will go now. One name floated out is Tony Di Leo, a former Philadelphia executive.
Previously asked about D'Alessandro, friend and former Golden State exec Chris Mullin said: “He's the ideal guy. He's got the experience now and he's the whole package. He's like one of the players that you don't see coming, like (the Pacers') Paul George, a star in the making. He knows his strengths, he empowers people around him. I loved working with him.”
The Nuggets were stunned when Ujiri left his job last week to become the Toronto Raptors' general manager, and now the front-office executives, primarily team president Josh Kroenke, are regrouping. Meanwhile, the Nuggets' scouting department continues to work in preparation for the NBA draft June 27.
The scouting department includes director of player personnel Mike Bratz, scout Herb Livsey and scouting coordinator Dan Tolzman. The Nuggets have one pick, 27th overall, in the draft.
As for D'Alessandro, he is respected in NBA circles for his creative statistics analysis and for his grasp of the salary cap. Ujiri always spoke glowingly about D'Alessandro, who was promoted in November to his VP position.
He just finished his third season with the Nuggets, working closely with Kroenke and Ujiri. From 2004-08, D'Alessandro worked in the Warriors' front office, where he began as the director of basketball operations and was promoted to assistant general manager in 2006.
He got his start in the game at St. John's, where he worked as a video coordinator for legendary coach Lou Carnesecca. He proceeded to get his law degree and work briefly in politics and also at a sports agency, before being hired in 2004 by Golden State.
I first met Paul Lebowitz in a fish camp in the panhandle of Florida. He was coming in to write about a new boat from Jackson Kayak, and I was there to photo it. He did not know a thing about me, nor did I know anything about him. “A redneck kayaker and a magazine editor from California meet in a fish camp…” sort of makes you want to wait on a punch line.
Paul and I fished hard for a couple days, and I talked his ears off. One of my stories ended up being my first-ever published piece, and it graced the pages of the first-ever Kayak Fish magazine. He has been an encourager to me for a good while, working over the rough edges of my work and polishing it for publication. On one of my latest works we were talking about our sons, who were both eighteen, and the struggles of growing up.
Sadly, a short time ago Paul's son James succumbed to an inoperable brain aneurysm. In the midst of terrible tragedy, the Lebowitz family chose to donate James' organs, and lives were saved in the process. James was attending Cal Poly Pomona as a freshman when he passed away on January 13. The family has established a scholarship fund for the university in James' memory.
YakAttack, Yak Gear, and Native Watercraft are working together to raise money for the scholarship fund, and the kayak fishing community is rallying to help. If you would like to help support the fund, stickers are for sale on both the YakAttack and Yak Gear websites, as well as a raffle for a “Redfish 12” in Hidden Oak Camo donated by Native Watercraft. Wilderness Systems and Jackson Kayak have also pledged kayaks to be used to help raise money; updates will be posted as information becomes available. When you receive the stickers, upload images of them on your adventures using the #kayakfishing4james hashtag.
Thank you for your support of this family and this fund, and thank you for helping the memory of James Lebowitz live on. There is a memorial “paddle out” scheduled for February 23 in La Jolla, CA. For those who can't be there, paddle where you can and when you can, but take a moment to think of James and use the hashtag in your adventure if you can. It will be a way to help the Lebowitz family celebrate a life that keeps on giving.
So the Philadelphia Eagles just spent an offseason selling us Kevin Kolb as their starting quarterback only to pull the plug on him after two quarters and one concussion. At least one newspaper in town had already published a five-part series on the life and times of Kolb. Think of the time they could have saved if they had known about Andy Reid's wandering eyes.
And what must Donovan McNabb be thinking in Washington? It now looks as if the Eagles wanted to replace him with any quarterback not named Donovan McNabb. For once, Reid has played to the team's rabid fan base. I've seen the Internet polls that overwhelmingly said Eagles fans wanted Michael Vick as the starter.
I guess his six quarters of action this season, which have been brilliant by the way, are enough to pretty much derail Kolb's future in the league. Reid, the man who seemed convinced that Kolb was a perfect fit for his West Coast offense just a month ago, now thinks Kolb could use more time on the sideline.
"I actually think this helps Kevin Kolb's maturation process," Reid said. "The future is bright for Kevin Kolb."
Yeah, as long as he can find a head coach he can trust in the near future. Kolb's too gracious to come out and rip Reid, but how can he ever believe anything the man says? There was all this talk about how the Eagles' young players would grow up around Kolb. Those statements meant nothing in the face of Vick's recent play.
It was funny to hear Reid talk about consulting general manager Howie Roseman on this decision, as if he were looking for company in case this move fails. For the record, I agree that Vick probably gives the Eagles a better chance to win in the short term based on his experience and ability to run for his life.
But now the Eagles have painted themselves into a corner with two quarterbacks. Reid said it was a "beautiful thing" to have two quarterbacks this talented, but something tells me one of them doesn't see it that way. Vick is in the final year of a contract that pays him $5.2 million this season. They'll probably have to offer him an extension soon -- especially if he continues to play well.
Kolb is scheduled to make $12.25 million guaranteed this season, which will serve as a nice consolation prize. I think he's a mentally tough kid, but I don't know how any quarterback overcomes this type of demotion. Reid has always made a big deal about starters not being able to lose their positions because of injury, but that's exactly what happened with Kolb.
His concussion opened the door for Vick, who was too much for Reid to resist. It was almost embarrassing to hear Reid pile on the hyperbole regarding the former Falcons quarterback, calling him an "ex-superstar who has regained his abilities."
But wait, there's more:
"Michael Vick is playing out of his mind right now," Reid said. "What a lucky franchise and a lucky head coach I am to have two quarterbacks that I feel that way about. It's unbelievable."
It certainly is unbelievable, but not in the way Reid is describing. This is not a sound decision based on a lot of regular-season games. This is a coach overreacting to a player's performance in six quarters of action. Vick was sacked six times Sunday and there could have been more. This is what happens when you have a shaky offensive line anchored by an inexperienced center who reportedly missed several calls Sunday.
Reid doesn't want to admit this, but he's inserting Vick because he has a better chance of making plays behind a subpar offensive line than Kolb. Of course, Kolb was supposed to be a perfect fit for Reid's offense, which puts a premium on accuracy. That hasn't been one of Vick's strengths, but it's now vogue to say the post-prison Vick may be more effective than the guy who played for the Falcons.
Count me among the skeptics. I don't believe you throw an entire offseason plan in the trash based on two quarters. Reid would have us believe this is more about Vick's brilliance than Kolb's poor performance against the Packers.
In my mind, this is about the Eagles trying to take a shortcut to the playoffs. And I think it's a plan that will blow up in their faces.
FRISCO, Texas -- The T-shirts and sweatshirts with “finish” on the front have been on constant display for the past few seasons with the Dallas Cowboys.
The message isn't meant to be subtle.
"'Finish' is such an important part of football. It's such an important part of life," coach Jason Garrett said. "Our game is set up that way about finishing plays. We really emphasize that -- finishing drives, finishing games, finishing seasons. You want to complete the task, and it's a challenge to do that. It's a real emphasis for us in what we do each and every day with our football team, both on and off the field. It's a great lesson for life as well. You want to finish what you started."
In leading the Cowboys, coach Jason Garrett focuses on finishing in football because "it's a great lesson for life as well. You want to finish what you started." Eric Hartline/USA TODAY Sports
The Cowboys' chance to finish what they started last March, when the players gathered for informal workouts at their old Valley Ranch practice facility, comes Sunday against the Green Bay Packers in the divisional round of the playoffs at AT&T Stadium.
Ezekiel Elliott called Wednesday's practice the Cowboys' best of the season. Dez Bryant agreed and said Thursday's was good as well. On Friday, Garrett said the energy the entire week has been strong.
At 13-3, the Cowboys earned home-field advantage in the playoffs, yet to some they are viewed as an underdog of sorts because the Packers have won seven straight and have an otherworldly quarterback in Aaron Rodgers.
The Cowboys counter with rookies starting at quarterback and running back in Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott.
Prescott tied an NFL record for most wins by a rookie quarterback, and he set team rookie records in passing yards and touchdowns. He also set a team record for a quarterback with six rushing touchdowns. He was intercepted just four times.
Elliott set team rookie records for rushing yards (1,631) and touchdowns (16). He led the NFL in rushing, and his yardage total was the third best in NFL history by a rookie.
But their rookie season will be judged by how they finish.
“It's kind of the mantra of this team, and it's been all year long,” Prescott said. “Finish everything we do. Finish drills at practice. Finish plays at the end of the game, and finish the game. Right now, it's about finishing the season the right way.”
Jason Witten was a rookie when the Cowboys surprised everybody in 2003 by making the playoffs. Bill Parcells took a team that had finished 5-11 the three previous seasons and led it to a 10-6 finish to earn a wild-card spot.
The Cowboys lost to the Carolina Panthers, who went on to the Super Bowl, and Witten can still remember the details of that night. “There are moments that you'll never forget, of playing out there, a call here or a situation. Coach Parcells had a great halftime talk, because it was a close game at the time,” Witten said. “I think we all understand it's another level. But I didn't feel like that stage was ever too big for you, even as a young player. You feel like you belong. ... Coaches do such a good job with the consistency of the week. I think it's a good thing that you don't really look at it and say, ‘If I don't make this one play, and get uptight, that things are going to be different and we're not going to be playing next week.' I don't think that any competitor ever thinks that way.”
Witten is now in his 14th season. He has reached the divisional round of the postseason three times and not gotten any further. In 2007, the Cowboys had home-field advantage and lost to the New York Giants, who went on to win the Super Bowl. In 2009, they lost to the Minnesota Vikings. In 2014, they lost to the Packers.
He knows he won't have many more chances to break through to a conference championship game and ultimately a Super Bowl. As rookies with their careers ahead of them, Prescott and Elliott could have many more chances, but none may be as great as this one.
They know it's important to finish.
“I think this time of year, it's what it's all about. It's tournament time. It's win or go home,” Witten said. “Everybody you're going to play is a good opponent, and finish is just executing. So I think, kind of looking back on it, it's really been Coach Garrett's motto all along, since I've known him for 10 years. It's just, finish everything you do. I think it goes back to more than just the obvious of winning the score, but just the mentality and how he approaches things. I think you've seen that in our team.”
Legislation to make it easier for parents whose children have medical conditions like epilepsy get access to cannabidiol passed a Senate committee Wednesday.
House Bill 1148, authored by Rep. William Friend, R-Macy, cleared the Corrections and Criminal Law Committee by a 7-2 despite objections from prosecutors.
Cannabidiol, also known as CBD, has enabled some children with epileptic seizures to live close-to-normal lives.
Brandy Barrett, who uses CBD for her son, Noah, said the issue is a matter of life or death.
“No parent like myself wants to break the law but when push comes to shove we will do what we need to do to take care of our children,” she said, crying as she described her son's experience.
After dealing with the many side effects of other medications, Noah has been using CBD for three years and shows an 80 percent reduction in seizures. Barrett said that today her son is an independent, thriving 10-year-old doing the activities of children his age.
“He now has joy in his eyes,” Barrett said, “He smiles. He laughs. He is more of a typical 10-year-old little boy and it's all that we could ask for and it is solely because of CBD.”
Sen. Michael Young, R-Indianapolis, asked Barrett after her testimony if she was prepared to go to jail knowing that CBD oil is against the law. Barrett's immediate response was “absolutely.”
“If we were told to stop continue doing it,” Barrett said, “We would probably look at moving to a different state.”
CBD contains about 0.3 percent THC, the chemical that delivers the “high” in marijuana, and is legal under federal law. However, under Indiana law even a small amount of THC makes it illegal.
David Powell and Dan Miller of the Prosecuting Attorneys Council argued that CBD should remain illegal because the THC can accumulate in the body over time.
Miller and Powell both agreed that CBD might be effective for children with epilepsy, but they wished that science could remove the THC.
Miller said that authorities, in testing a suspected drug user, might not know whether the THC detected was from long-term use of CBD or was from smoking marijuana the previous day.
“We are trying to find a place where we can be neutral,” Powell said.
Pharmacist Christina Gerber of Madison County told the panel that CBD is a therapeutic option that can help a lot of patients.
“Nothing is going to help everybody, but this may be the push that a lot of patients, including my son, need to go from having 50 seizures a day to about five,” she said, explaining her son has epilepsy.
“As a parent, this is a no brainer,” Gerber said. “This is an easy scenario for me. If I had access to CBD oil I would use it.”
Gerber said it is difficult to know the long-term effective of CBD.
“We don't know specifically what this molecule is going to do to my kid's brain, but we do know the effects of untreated epilepsy,” she said.
The bill moves to the full Senate for action.
Kayla Walker is a reporter for TheStatehouseFile.com, a news website powered by Franklin College journalism students.
Money transfers to South America could be very expensive if you're unaware of hidden conversion costs (and these are typical for numerous service providers).
There will be a significant difference in the charges that you'll pay if you use your bank or some of the online payment systems. If you have to send money to Colombia from the US, add up to 100 dollars to the sum which you're intending to transfer.
Some of the most popular transfer methods charge you two times and add up to the cost. There will be an upfront fee and a hidden currency exchange charge that can add up to a relatively big amount.
What transfer methods do we use at Time Doctor?
We have a remote team with people in 19 different countries around the world. The two transfer methods we use the most are:
Payoneer – very convenient for sending and receiving. They are also one of the few methods that works to receive money in almost every country and the receiver can get their money on a debit card and withdraw from an ATM. They also have an option for direct transfer to the receiver's bank account. They also have a $50 bonus if you receive more than $100 through this method.
– very convenient for sending and receiving. They are also one of the few methods that works to receive money in almost every country and the receiver can get their money on a debit card and withdraw from an ATM. They also have an option for direct transfer to the receiver's bank account. They also have a $50 bonus if you receive more than $100 through this method. Transferwise – very low cost and also a convenient method for transfers to most countries.
Take a look at the tables below to make your money transfers to Colombia more cost-efficient. You can see how much it will cost you to send money from the US, Canada, Australia and Europe to Colombia. The estimates are based on an international transfer of 1,000 dollars.
Notes regarding this table:
Worldremit is offering the money transferring services to only these following US states: Idaho, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, Utah, Wisconsin and Washington DC (more States are coming soon). If you're not sure what I mean by “hidden currency conversion” check out our explanation in this article. The fees for wire transfers are estimates and vary from bank to bank.
Table 2: Sending money from Several Countries to Colombia. The Total Cost including Hidden Currency Exchange Fees. Transfer Method From the US From the UK From Canada From Western Europe From Australia Sharemoney 1.4% Not available Not available WorldRemit 3.1% 2.6% 2.6% 2.6% 1.5% Small World FS 1.7% 4% 4.8% 5.1% Not available Western Union 4.3% 2.8% 6.7% 3.8% 10% Azimo Not available 3.1% Not available 2.9% Not available Ria Money Transfer 3% Not available Not available Payoneer 3.1% Not available Not available XE Trade 4.2% 4.5% 4.5% 4.1% 5.3% Xoom 5.4% Not available Not available Exchange4free Not available 5.1% 5.1% 4.9% 5% Wire transfer 2.5 – 5.5% 2 – 4.5% 2.5 – 5.5% 2 – 4.5% 3 – 6.5% MoneyGram 5.1% 9.8% 8.7% 6.7% 12%
Notes regarding this table:
Canada, Germany and Australia are offering only a fast Western Union Method, in which it transfers the Money in Minutes. All the Transfer methods which are marked as “Not Available” are currently unavailable.
In conclusion, if you need to send money to South America like we do, you will soon discover that it is quite expensive and also can be quite a hassle. These charts will help you save money and alert you to those hidden fees that are never hidden for very long.
Other Articles that might interest you:
Transferring Money with TransferWise
Sending Money to Bolivia, 5 Methods that are Cheaper than a Bank
What Customers Are Saying About Time Doctor:
Using gravitational field data collected from European Space Agency (ESA) and NASA satellites, researchers from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography have started producing the most accurate maps to date of one of the least explored areas on Earth: the bottom of the ocean. And they've already started churning out some remarkable findings, including thousands of previously unknown mountains and even new hints about continent formation.
As described in the journal Science, the findings were made with the assistance of radar altimeters installed on ESA's CryoSat-2 and NASA's Jason-1 satellites. These instruments continuously bounce signals off the surface of the ocean which reveal its shape. Since water follows gravity, features at the surface reflect what lies at the bottom. Undersea mountains, or seamounts, for example, exert gravitational pulls and thus warp water outward above the feature. Deep trenches, on the other hand, would cause the water to do the opposite. By combining these measurements with existing data, the researchers were able to generate a model that is twice as accurate as previous models.
While the researchers have barely touched the surface yet, their new map has already revealed a wealth of new information. Among the findings so far are thousands of previously unchartered seamounts, up to a kilometer and a half in height, and an extinct spreading ridge where tectonic plates were pulling apart some 180 million years ago to form a basin that became the Gulf of Mexico. In the South Atlantic Ocean, they also discovered previous continental connections from before South America and Africa rifted apart some 85 million years ago.
Although maps of the seafloor existed before this project, they largely relied on information gleaned from ship-based sonars. Given that ships would only scour certain regions, there existed large gaps in the data. Furthermore, much of the topography of the ocean floor is buried by thick sediment which instruments struggled to penetrate. This left some 80-90% of the seafloor unchartered, meaning that scientists actually know more about the surface of Mars than the bottom of the ocean. Hopefully, as the team continues to gather more information, we might start to see that change.
[Via UCSD, BBC News, Science and Sciencemag]
It can take the uninitiated a minute to realize that “Gangnam Style” is satire. When the absurdly infectious single by Korean pop star PSY appeared in July, the video had all the hallmarks of earnest K-pop: highly engineered dance routines, over-the-top styling, and the Technicolor production values honed by Seoul's hit-making industry, which my colleague John Seabrook describes in the magazine this week in his piece, “Factory Girls.”
But the most important thing that “Gangnam Style” has is a sense of humor about itself. (If you haven't yet seen it, put down your surgical instruments or air-traffic-control headset or whatever else might be distracting you, and watch it now.) Its satire made it a viral phenomenon with three hundred million views on YouTube, surpassing and mocking the earnest K-pop products, and thus proving, as Seabrook says, that “cultural technology can only get you so far.”
In China, the Gangnam phenomenon carries a special pique. It has left people asking, Why couldn't we come up with that? China, after all, dwarfs Korea in political clout, money, and market power, and it cranks out more singers and dancers in a single city than Korea does nationwide. Chinese political leaders are constantly talking about the need for “soft power”—they have dotted the globe with Confucius Institutes to rival the Alliance Française, and they have expanded radio and television stations in smaller countries that might be tired of American-dominated news. Last year, the Communist Party even declared culture a national priority and vowed to produce its own share of global cultural brands.
So, should we expect a Chinese Gangnam soon? Don't count on it. “PSY is a satirist, making fun, and having fun,” said John Delury, an expert on China and Korea who teaches international relations at Yonsei University in Seoul. “Korea tends to have more irony and satire in its comedy than China, and there aren't the impediments to exporting things that question or poke fun of Korean society, politics, etc. And I think somehow people all over the world feel invited to join in, despite a huge cultural difference, when someone from a foreign place is making a bit of fun of themselves. That's inviting. But China, especially acting in its official, soft-power capacity, is only comfortable exporting things that show off the greatness of its ancient civilization or economic development. That's not terribly inviting.”
In Chinese cultural circles there is a name for this: the “ ‘Kung Fu Panda' problem,” named for the 2008 DreamWorks movie. It refers to the fact that the most successful film about two of China's national symbols—Kung Fu and pandas—could only be made by a foreigner because Chinese filmmakers would never try to play with such solemn subjects. The director Lu Chuan, for example, once agreed to produce an animated film for the Beijing Olympics, but after he embarked on the project, he discovered he was not supposed to let his mind run wild. “I kept receiving directions and orders from related parties on how the movie should be like. An important part of the instructions was that the animation should promote Chinese culture,” he wrote later. “We were given very specific rules on how to promote it. And some were not flexible about ‘promoting the Olympic spirit,' ‘promoting Chinese culture' or ‘rich in Chinese elements.' ” He went on, “Under such pressure, my co-workers and I really felt stifled. The fun and joy from doing something interesting left us, together with our imagination and creativity. The planned animation was never produced.”
When “Kung Fu Panda” came out, one Chinese designer called for a boycott, saying it was insulting so soon after the Sichuan earthquake (pandas live in Sichuan). But Lu Chuan didn't agree. “After watching Kung Fu Panda, I found the movie producers had given us an amusing and enlightening lesson on how to treat, interpret and show our traditional culture, and how to merge it with other cultures.”
The Korean satirist PSY might not put it in such solemn terms, but that's exactly what he has done, and he has been rewarded for it. In China, some artists have looked on enviously. In a comic strip highlighted by China Digital Times, the cartoonist known as Peaceful House Pearl Shimao envisioned a Chinese-style Gangnam phenomenon he called “Shanghai Style.” Instead of being celebrated for his madness, the dancer ends up being sent to a mental institution for “involvement in multiple activities,” “running crazily all over the place,” and being a pig.
For now, China's Gangnam moment seems far off. “In China, culture and the arts develop under the watchful eye of the government, and anything too hip or interesting gets either shut down or bought up. In Korea, by contrast, artists and entertainers thrive in a space that is highly commercialized but also pretty much free of the heavy hand of the state,” Delury told me, adding, “I kid government officials that the moment they understand why K-pop is so successful and try to replicate it, they will destroy it.”
If there is one destination that finds a place on every traveler's bucket list, it would definitely be Europe. From romantic escapades to adventure-filled destinations to laid-back towns to picturesque villages, the varied terrain in Europe is simply unmatched and offers a special something to everyone, including spooky spots! Yes, you heard that right. There is another less explored side to Europe which will make you go numb. If you are one of those persons who love going on a horrific journey, then buckle up. You are in for an exhilarating ride. Here's Pickyourtrail, presenting you with some of the creepy places in Europe that will send a chill down your spine.
1. Moosham Castle, Salzburg, Austria
Perched atop a small hill amidst the lush greenery, Moosham Castle looks like just another medieval castle in broad daylight but has a gruesome past. Over 100's of witches were beheaded within the walls of the castle and had to go through ghastly torture techniques which included cutting their hands off and branding them with hot iron rods. Visitors and staffs recount instances of being touched, phantom footsteps, and feeling someone's breath on their neck.
2. The Vodnjan Mummies, Vodnjan, Croatia
When you hear about mummies, the first thing that comes to our minds would be Egypt. But, do you know Croatia also has its share of mummies? Bodies of six Saints within the Church of St.Blaise to be precise. Weird right, I know! But, do you know what is even more interesting? For some strange reason, the bodies failed to decompose and they lie stiff as a wood. Adding to the creepy aura is also a CD which explains the life and the death of the Saints.
3. Miranda Castle, Celles, Belgium
Once a lavish fairy-tale castle, Miranda Castle now is a ghost hunter's paradise. Built in the 19th century during the French Revolution, Miranda Castle was taken over by the National Railway Company of Belgium as an orphanage for sickly children until the late 1970's. Today the Miranda Castle is completely abandoned. As you explore the ruins of the castle, you will feel the mood of the forgotten souls and their dreams seeping through your bones. Notably, few scenes of the famous American series Hannibal were shot here.
4. Sedlec Ossuary, Kutna Hora, Czech Republic
Decorated with over 40,000 human skeletons, Sedlec Ossuary also called as Bone Church is one of the most unusual chapels you will ever see. Set right beneath the Cemetery Church of all Saints, Sedlec Ossuary looks pleasant on the outside and resembles your average old Gothic medieval church. But, totally a different scenario inside. Long story short – Once the Abbot of the Sedlec Monastery scattered a jar of ‘Holy Soil' across the Sedlec Cemetery and soon everyone desired to be buried there. And, thus all the skeletons!
5. Kayaköy, Muğla Province, Turkey
Previously a bustling town, Kayaköy is now an empty ghost town except for a few tour groups and road vendors selling out handmade stuff. Located in the south of Fethiye in southwestern Turkey, the town of Kayaköy was inhabited by about 2,000 residents during 1900. Subsequent wars and violence around the region triggered thousands of residents to flee from the town. Stripped to dust, an approximate of 350 homes sit there empty and roofless.
6. The Catacombs of Palermo, Sicily, Italy
Have you ever seen a well-dressed Mummy? Hanging on the walls & shelves and lying in the open coffin, nearly 8,000 corpses inside the Catacombs of Palermo are dressed in their very best. The Burial Catacombs of Palermo serve as a historical as well as a macabre tourist attraction. The deceased hands are stretched out in a way that the family visiting them can hold their hands in prayer. Creepy!
7. Edinburgh Castle, Edinburgh, Scotland
Dominating the skyline of Scotland, the historic fortress of Edinburgh is one of the world's most famous destinations and is also ironically one of the world's most haunted places. From witch trails to torture to imprisonment to murder, Edinburgh Castle has seen it all. Staffs and tourists visiting Edinburgh have reported repeated drop in temperatures, strange sightings, and the feeling of being touched.
8. Hill of Crosses, Siauliai, Lithuania
Cross is said to bring back hope right? But, the eerie way it is placed in the Hill of Crosses brings in an odd feeling. It all started with the relatives of the rebels leaving crosses to commemorate the fallen souls. Now, the Hill of Crosses contains more than 200,000 crosses, carvings, & shrines and is a pilgrimage site for the Catholics. Hill of Crosses is regarded as the site where Jesus performs miracles.
9. Hoia Baciu Forest, Transylvania, Romania
Remember seeing the animated movie, Transylvania with all the Dracula and the zombies? Oh, how much fun! Hoia Baciu Forest in Transylvania is totally the opposite of it. Often referred to as the ‘Bermuda Triangle of Romania', the mysterious woods of Hoia Baciu Forest is home to UFO sightings, unusual disappearances, and famous ghost stories. Completely serene with a coat of green, explore the dense woods of Hoia Baciu Forest and unravel the paranormal activities for yourself.
10. Langham Hotel, Marylebone, London
Visited by some of the greats, including Oscar Wilde, Mark Twain, and Sir Arthur Conon Doyle, Langham Hotel in London is one of the spookiest hotels in Europe to stay at. Wondering which is the most haunted room in this hotel? It is room 333. Yes, double it & you get the devil's number. Freaky coincidence. If you are planning to stay here, watch out for a man in military attire, the ghost of Napoleon III, the ghostly butler, and the man in the Victorian evening wear. Uff, so many ghosts to dodge!
Plan a Europe trip
Having promised that a professional-grade iMac would arrive in 2017 back at a briefing in April, Apple now launched the iMac Pro, a Space Grey beast of a machine, as promised, just days before the end of 2017.
The company started shipping the iMac Pro on 14 December 2017.
In this article we gather all the information available about this powerful new machine, from its clever cooling design and impressive tech specs to its UK price and release date. Read on to find out more!
If you want to find out what to expect from the next generation iMac Pro, read our latest news about the iMac Pro 2 here.
iMac Pro release date
The iMac Pro went on sale on 14 December 2017.
There was a staggered launch of the various models: the 8- and 10-core configurations were available to order right away, while the 14- and 18-core machines were added to the roster at the end of January. The latter have been showing longer delivery times - as of 5 Feb we're seeing an estimate of "20 Feb - 6 Mar" on the 18-core - so check the times before ordering.
How much will the iMac Pro cost?
The iMac Pro starts at $4,999/£4,899. That may sound a lot (and is!), but Apple claims that if you built a PC equivalent it would cost $7,000 - and that's without the display.
You can buy the iMac Pro now from this link.
You'll also find the base model available with £147 off at KRCS here. That's a special price of £4,752.04.
The maximum configuration available is a 2.3GHz 18-Core Xeon W processor (Turbo Boost up to 4.3GHz), Vega 64 Graphics, 128GB memory, 2TB Storage, and 4TB storage for £12,279.
Earlier in 2017, ZDNet estimated that a full-spec build-to-order iMac Pro with an 18-core CPU, 128GB RAM, 4TB SSD and Radeon Pro Vega graphics with 16GB HBM2 memory could cost more than £17,000! Luckily it's come in below that number.
Who is the iMac Pro for?
Following criticism that the company had been neglecting the creative pro audience, Apple revealed that it was working on an iMac Pro back in April 2017.
Talking to a small group of journalists, Apple VPs Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus acknowledged that the Mac Pro in its current form hadn't been meeting the needs of many pro users, and revealed that the company planned to update the iMac to suit them. Apple also intends to redesign the Mac Pro - we have information about the 2018 launch of the new Mac Pro here.
Despite the fact that the Mac Pro wasn't answering the needs of its users, not all creative pros were leaving the platform, it seems. Instead some were adopting the iMac as a solution. Federighi revealed that Apple had found that: "So many of our customers were moving to iMac that we saw a path to address many, many more of those that were finding themselves limited by Mac Pro through a next-generation iMac".
Apple revealed more information at WWDC, and then gave Final Cut Pro users a look at the new iMac Pro when the company showcased the new Mac at the Final Cut Pro X Creative Summit in October 2017. The iMac Pro units were used to demonstrate new features coming in Final Cut Pro X 10.4, such as 360-degree VR. Final Cut Pro X 10.4 launching alongside the iMac Pro.
The company seeded units to a few creative pros, who have given the iMac Pro glowing reviews following the short time they have had with the unit.
Director and photographer Vincent Laforet said that if you are "editing 8K RED video, H.264 4K Drone footage, 6K 3D VR content or 50 Megapixel RAW stills you can expect a 200-300% increase in performance in almost every industry leading software with the iMac Pro…" He added: "The iMacPRO tears through footage and images, allowing me to spend less time behind a computer, and more time shooting."
Aerospace software developer Craig A. Hunter said he "Saw reductions in compile time of between 30-60% while working on apps when I compared the iMac Pro to my 2016 MacBook Pro and 2013 iMac…" He added that "When developing for the Mac this makes a pretty noticeable improvement in repetitive code-compile-test cycles." He also noted that: "I'm used to choosing between performance or detail when visualizing complex 3D datasets, and the iMac Pro gives both."
YouTuber Marques Brownlee, who's YouTube video can be found below, said: that although the iMac Pro is very expensive and not upgradeable "It's actually a fairly well-priced machine".
We have our own full review of the iMac Pro, including benchmarks. We also have this comparison of the iMac Pro with the 27in iMac.
iMac Pro design
The new iMac Pro will have a new, darker look, shrouded in a Space Grey case.
But it's not just the outward appearance that's changed: on the inside, Apple has had to completely rethink the thermal architecture in order to house the new components. The result is a new fan system that offers a claimed 80 percent increase in cooling capacity. Apple says the new system "allows for upgraded internals without making more noise".
A company spokesperson added: "We reengineered the whole system and designed an entirely new thermal architecture to pack extraordinary performance into the elegant, quiet iMac enclosure our customers love. iMac Pro is a huge step forward and there's never been anything like it."
It seems that the cooling works well. Our US collegue Roman Loyola has seen the machine, and wrote in his First Look, that: "In the software demos I mentioned previously, not once did I notice any fan noise. Not a whirl or the white noise of air blasting through the vents. During the Xcode demo we were encouraged to feel the back of the iMac Pro for a heat check, and it was warm to the touch, but I think I've felt more heat from my MacBook Pro."
"In the software demos I mentioned previously, not once did I notice any fan noise. Not a whirl or the white noise of air blasting through the vents. During the Xcode demo we were encouraged to feel the back of the iMac Pro for a heat check, and it was warm to the touch, but I think I've felt more heat from my MacBook Pro." Writes our US colleague
iMac Pro tech specs
Let's take a look under the hood. Here are the tech specs of the 2017 iMac Pro.
Display
The 27in iMac Pro will offer the same 5,120x2,880 resolution 5K Retina display as its non-Pro cousin. That means 500 nits brightness and P3 wide colour, as well as 10-bit colour support. It is not an HDR display.
As for whether the iMac display will double up as a touchscreen, the answer is no.
Back at the April briefing, Phil Schiller was asked about whether Apple would consider adding a touchscreen display to the iMac. His response was simple: "No". His colleague Craig Federighi suggested that the iPad Pro offers a far better drawing experience.
The company has revealed that it is intending to launch a new display to sell alongside it's Mac Pro which is expected to launch in 2018. This new display could be even better than the Retina displays on the iMac, perhaps even offering 8K. Read more about the new Apple Display here.
Processor
Apple revealed the specs of the iMac Pro at WWDC in June 2017, confirming that the new iMac Pro will ship with 8-, 10- or 18-core Xeon processors making it the "most powerful Mac ever made". Apple describes this as "workstation-class performance", noting the 22 teraflops of GPU performance, fast storage and Advanced I/O.
We now know that Apple will also ship a 14-core iMac Pro model, although these 14-core and 18-core models aren't going to be available until 2018.
We also know that these are Xeon W chips. These are workstation grade hardware and they support the AVX-512 instruction set. This instruction set enables the system to process twice as much data in same clock cycle - doubling the throughput.
Xeon chips are better suited to applications involving complex data - such as large, multi-layered Photoshop files, 4K video or 3D scenes with huge textures - as they are generally more robust and reliable than Core chips.
One YouTube video has appeared that looks at a 3GHz 10-core Intel Xeon W iMac Pro with 128GB DDR4 Ram and the Radeon Pro Vega 6416GB.
That Intel Xeon W is . Watch the video below.
Benchmarks for what was assumed to be the iMac Pro had already appeared in late October 2017. Those benchmarks related to a 3.2GHz 8-core Xeon W-2140B and a 3.0GHz 10-core Xeon W-2150B chip.
The Xeon chips that appear to be being used in the new professional 10-core iMac offer a Multi-Core Score of 35917 in Geekbench 4.1. The single-core score is 5345. This score is faster than the current 12-core Mac Pro.
The 8-core iMac Pro's average Multi-Core score was 23536 (assuming those processors benchmarked are indeed those of the new iMacs). The 18-core iMac Pro hadn't been benchmarked.
This compares to our tests of the 3.4GHz 27in iMac which scores 14017 in Multi-Core and 4833 in Single-Core, while the 2.9GHz quad-core i7 15in MacBook Pro scored 15731 in Multi-Core and 4739 in Single-Core.
T2 chip
Where the MacBook Pro has a T1 chip to power the Touch Bar and provides the secure enclave for Touch ID, the iMac has a T2 chip which controls components and tasks like the FaceTime camera, LEDs, and storage devices. This will free up the CPU from these menial tasks so it can focus on the processing. It will also provide the secure enclave for file encryption (FileVault) and a new startup security feature.
It is thought that this chip could also be used to handle an always-on Hey Siri feature, although this hasn't been confirmed.
Siri is standard on Macs, but rumours suggest the iMac Pro will take this one step further and offer Hey Siri. This means the machine will always be listening out for the trigger phrase, and is not a trivial feature to include. (Hey Siri's demands on battery life, for example, are well known. For some time Apple only allowed Hey Siri to work on iPhones and iPads that were plugged into a power source.)
Confirmed: "Hey, Siri" is coming to the Mac pic.twitter.com/Dw9bRAzbxD — Guilherme Rambo (@_inside) November 18, 2017
RAM
The iMac Pro will offer 32GB ECC memory as standard, but will be configurable to 64GB or 128GB.
This is the first time Apple will use EEC memory. EEC memory will protect against memory data corruption, which should minimise crashes and data loss. However, EEC memory is very expensive
When Apple showed off some iMac Pro units at the Final Cut Pro X Creative Summit it was possible to get a closer look at the back of the screen, which revealed the fact that there was no RAM door. We can now confirm that the RAM is not user upgradable - at least not officially. Apple says it can be upgraded but a service provider will need to do it. The RAM is not soldered onto the motherboard though, so hopefully it won't be a difficult job for someone used to getting their hands dirty.
Storage
The iMac Pro will offer a 1TB SSD as standard, but is configurable to up to 4TB SSD.
The SSD will be capable of transfer speeds of 3GB/s.
Graphics
The iMac Pro will offer "advanced graphics editing", according to Apple, mentioning such uses as virtual reality content creation and real-time 3D rendering. Apple's Final Cut Pro X is also likely to benefit from the fast GPU.
The iMac Pro will use the Radeon Pro Vega 64 and Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics cards and will offer up to 16GB on-package high-bandwidth memory. This will be the most advanced graphics ever in a Mac and it will deliver up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and immersive, high-framerate VR, says Apple.
Interestingly, it sounds like the Radeon Vega 64 can be configured for 16GB while if you were to purchase the same card as a standalone unit it would only be configurable to 8GB.
Apple's new iMac Pro has an option for a Radeon Vega 64 with 16GB of HBM2. The Vega graphics cards you and I can (theoretically) buy top out at 8GB https://t.co/cIzJAkoBxg pic.twitter.com/DaSyx30CBY — Brad Chacos ? (@BradChacos) 14 December 2017
This is HBM memory rather than the typical VRAM and it sits with the GPU for faster throughput.
In comparison, the top-of-the-range 27in iMac offers 8GB video memory with the Radeon Pro 580.
AMD is already rolling out some of its Radeon Vega graphics cards - so far the two cards have been released for the desktop PC gaming market - the Radeon RX Vega 64, and the Radeon RX Vega 56. The Radeon RX Vega 64 offers a Base speed of 1,247MHz (air) or 1,406MHz (liquid) while the Radeon RX Vega 56 offers 1,156MHz and 1,471MHz. Those cards have 8GB memory, while the Radeon Pro Vega 64 will have 16GB, so you can expect even better stats from the iMac Pro.
During the keynote at WWDC, Apple went to lengths to demonstrate its eagerness to join the VR revolution. Read more: How to use VR on a Mac
Ports & peripherals
The iMac Pro will boast 10Gb Ethernet, available on a Mac for the first time, and offering up to 10 times faster networking. This will support Nbase-T 1Gb, 2.5Gb, and 5Gb. Essential for those transferring big data over a local network.
You'll also find four Thunderbolt 3.0 ports, which support USB-Type C too. The latter will enable the iMac Pro to power two additional 5K displays or connect to up to two high-performance RAID arrays. The Xeon CPU will also allow for 48 PCIe lanes.
There will also be an SDXC slot offering UHS-II (that's Ultra High Speed) for even faster data transfer rates.
Keyboard & Mouse
The new iMac Pro will ship with a Space Grey keyboard and trackpad to match its darker design. There had been suggestions that the new keyboard could include a Touch Bar, but as yet none of the prototypes or early models has shown up with this feature.
You can buy a Magic Trackpad for an additional £50/$50, or pay £149/$129 to get both. It's not clear if these devices will be sold separately.
Audio
According to Apple, the two speakers will deliver "broad frequency response, rich bass, and more volume".
There will also be four microphones (the iMac normally has a single built-in mic). It is thought that these mics may be there to facilitate Siri.
The iMac Pro's FaceTime HD camera is Full HD 1080p.
The other area where audio matters is the sound the iMac Pro makes - and the good news is that operation is quiet. Our colleague Neil Bennett, who was one of a few reporters to be briefed prior to launch remarked that: "I've sat next to iMac Pros doing demos of everything from Cinema 4D and Adobe Dimension to VR to medical imaging, and haven't heard a fan noise yet."
Want to read more about Apple's pro-class Mac line-up? Take a look at our Mac Pro 2018 preview. And if you're thinking of buying a new Mac, read our Mac buying guide 2017 and our Which Pro Mac guide.
In his 2015 Golden Globe acceptance speech for his role as a transgender father in the hit Amazon show “Transparent,” Jeffrey Tambor dedicated his win to the transgender community. “Thank you,” he said, “for letting us be part of the change.”
Now, New York-based writer and producer Paul Lucas is doing his own part to help speed that change with “Trans Scripts, Part I: The Women,” running at the American Repertory Theater (A.R.T.) through Feb. 5.
Jo Bonney directs the documentary theater piece, which features several transgender performers and is based on more than 75 interviews Lucas conducted with members of the transgender community in six countries. The goal of his 90-minute production, Lucas said, is to shine a light on the diversity of stories within the trans community as well as on individual struggles — and successes.
“It is not in any way didactic, it is not like a lecture on trans 101,” he said. “You just learn a lot about the trans experience and a lot of your preconceptions about what it means to be trans are just popped, one after the next.”
For many, efforts to shift attitudes about the transgender community have moved too slowly. Hollywood has helped, with projects such as “Transparent” and the films “The Danish Girl” and “Transamerica.” In 2014, Laverne Cox, known for her role in the acclaimed Netflix series “Orange Is the New Black,” became the first openly transgender person to grace the cover of Time magazine.
But the attention of filmmakers and show-runners has its limits. A report by the Human Rights Campaign said 2015 saw “more killings of transgender people than any other year on record.” And while transgender people can now openly serve in the military, the issue of transgender students who wish to use the bathroom of their choice has been met with opposition in some communities.
Acceptance has been difficult because the identity of a transgender male or female is so individual, observers say. The trans community ranges from people who consider themselves trans in their minds, said Harvard scholar Michael Bronski, to those who have had full sex reassignment surgery.
“I think that the real power of the trans movement is that it is so multifocal, it can be so many things,” said Bronski, a professor of practice in media and activism and the author of “‘You Can Tell Just by Looking': And 20 Other Myths about LGBT Life and People” (2013).
“But I think that's also where it's going to face trouble. The multiplicity of trans identities makes it even more difficult to understand.”
Drawn directly from Lucas' interviews, the show's seven characters range in age and life experience, from an African-American and Latina trans woman in her late 20s who transitioned at 17, to a British gynecologist in her 70s who transitioned to a woman at 68.
Bianca Leigh plays Tatiana, who transitioned in the 1980s when there were no legal protections for trans men and women. Leigh, who is transgender, said that the message of “Trans Scripts” is ultimately uplifting. Leigh recalled telling the director of the show's 2015 Edinburgh Festival Fringe premier that the audience needed to know “so many of us live happy, joyous lives, that we transition to something that can be lovely and beautiful.”
Both Lucas and Leigh said they hope viewers will leave the production with a better understanding of the trans — not to mention the human — experience.
“I hope what they walk away with is the idea that there is no single narrative, there are many ways of looking, many ways of being,” said Leigh. “That they don't have to get everything right; that we are individuals. Almost that they forget they are seeing a play about trans people by the end, and they are just seeing a play about people.”
Throughout the run of the show the A.R.T. will host moderated discussions following each performance with activists, students, medical professionals, artists, and scholars. For more information visit the A.R.T. website.
This is undated photo made available by the Florida Department of Agriculture shows a truck outfitted with a large tank used to syphon gas from gas stations using stolen credit cards. (Larry Payne/Florida Department of Agriculture via AP)
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — A black market for diesel and gasoline has rapidly spread around the nation, with organized crime gangs using fraudulent credit cards to siphon millions of dollars in fuel from gas stations into large tanks hidden inside pickup trucks and vans.
Stealing fuel can be less risky than selling drugs or other illegal endeavors, and criminals can make $1,000 or more a day re-selling the stolen fuel at construction sites and unscrupulous gas stations, or to truckers looking to cut costs, investigators and industry experts say.
“It's pretty rampant,” said Owen DeWitt, whose Texas-based company, Know Control, focuses solely on helping gas stations prevent fuel theft. He said the crime is the worst along Interstate 10, from Jacksonville, Fla., to the Los Angeles area. “California and Florida are the two worst; Texas is No. 3.”
Black market diesel started becoming a big business when credit card “skimmers” became more prevalent around 2006, DeWitt said. Thieves install these devices at gas station pumps, where they record card information as unsuspecting customers fuel up. The information is later transferred to a magnetic strip on a counterfeit card. The problem has only grown as the devices become more sophisticated.
The black market has grown quickly in part because the thefts total a few hundred dollars at a time, and prosecutors were slow to prioritize them. But as fuel thefts become more organized, they have caught the attention of state and federal authorities around the country.
Agriculture and Consumer Services Commissioner Adam Putnam's department takes the lead on prosecuting these crimes in Florida. He said they used to be considered a “victimless” or “slap-on-the-wrist-type crime, and yet they were making more money doing this than a lot of other criminal activities that had a lot higher sentences.”
The U.S. Secret Service, which investigates financial crimes, is involved because the gangs use credit card skimmers. Agent Steve Scarince says Miami, Los Angeles and Las Vegas are hot spots, together accounting for about 20 million gallons a year in stolen diesel.
“The crews that we've investigated over the past couple of years — the least profitable group is $5 million a year. And then there are groups that will gross $20 million plus,” Scarince said. “The gang-bangers in Los Angeles have been migrating to financial crimes instead of street crimes because it's much more profitable and if you get caught, you get probation.”
Court records from a single Secret Service case prosecuted in 2014 illustrate how much money even a small crew can take in.
Agents in the Los Angeles area surveilled a group with seven pickup trucks and SUVs with hidden fuel tanks holding up to 300 gallons each. For 10 months, they observed drivers using credit card information stolen from about 900 people to fill up three times a day. They transferred the diesel into a 4,500-gallon industrial fuel tanker that made daily runs to sell the fuel to gas stations.
Agents estimated they stole close to $16,000 in fuel every day, with the potential to steal $7 million a year. Records indicated it was in operation for about five years before agents shut it down.
“Theft has been involved with fuel for as long as retailers have been selling fuel,” said Jeff Lenard, a vice president of the National Association of Convenience Stores in Alexandria, Virginia, but today's criminals are “trying to steal hundreds, if not thousands, of gallons.”
Thieves often use dozens of fraudulent cards at a time, inserting one after another to fill up hidden tanks. One gang used fraudulent credit cards for a month to steal $100,000 in diesel from two stations in central Florida. In other cases, one thief parks a truck to block the clerk's view while another pumps diesel directly from an underground tank through a hole in the vehicle's floorboards, investigators say.
Texas Comptroller Glenn Hegar has pursued sellers of black market fuel for breaking state motor fuel tax evasion laws, securing some stiff sentences: In 2015 alone, his office worked to indict more than 100 suspected motor fuel thieves. A Gorman, Texas, man got 40 years in 2015, and a Haskell, Texas, man was sentenced to 10 years last August.
There are ways of foiling these thieves, including security devices that can shut down a pump if someone tampers with it. It's an expensive arms race, but in addition to the economic impact, there are safety concerns.
In 2014, a convicted fuel thief's van exploded as he filled a secret tank in Miami-Dade County. In 2015, a man driving a truck carrying 1,650 gallons of stolen diesel led police on a high-speed chase, weaving in and out of traffic on Interstate 5 before crashing into a highway barrier.
“God forbid that hits a school bus with a bunch of kids on it,” said Ned Bowman, executive director of the Florida Petroleum and Convenience Store Association. “A car full of that much fuel is like a bomb going down the street.”
Four Egyptian pharmaceutical students who filmed their own semi-nude version of the viral craze video "Harlem Shake" have been arrested for violating the nation's strict indecency laws.
Four Egyptian pharmaceutical students who filmed their own semi-nude version of the viral craze video “Harlem Shake” have been arrested for violating the nation's strict indecency laws.
The group reportedly caused a disturbance in a middle class neighborhood in Cairo when some of the students involved in the video stripped down, Agence France-Presse reports. An angry crowd responded by attempting to assault the students, an Egyptian officer told the AFP, and the students were ultimately arrested for committing a “scandalous act.”
(MORE: The Harlem Shake Is Dead; Long Live the Harlem Shake)
Another group of students, pictured in the video above, managed to evade arrest and film a version in front of the pyramids, reports the Daily Mail — with the help of a camel, a cardboard robot and a man clad only in a bow tie and his underwear.
Brooklyn-based DJ Baauer created the beat last May but the trap and bass song was only made famous earlier this month. The Daily Beast traces it back to a group of Australian teenagers who uploaded their own version – which now has more than 22 million views – on Feb. 2. Since then thousands of others have uploaded their own performances, from the University of Georgia swim team's underwater version to the cringe-worthy performance of the TODAY show cast.
POLICE are hunting for a pair of robbers who fled after attacking a man in his home when his 11-year-old daughter interrupted them.
At around 7.40pm on Monday February 23, two men burst into the 48-year-old victim's house on Marlborough Avenue in Ince and started to assault him.
He attempted to fight them off, but they punched and kicked him to the face and body and demanded property.
They grabbed him around the throat and dragged him into the hall, with one of the men holding him down as the other offender headed upstairs to search the victim's bedrooms.
During the attack, the victim's 11-year-old daughter returned home from a nearby shop and disturbed them.
The two thugs then fled, taking with them just £40 from the victim's wallet.
The first offender is described as a white male and was wearing a light grey Converse sweatshirt, matching jogging bottoms, blue Nike trainers and a balaclava.
The second offender is described as a white male and was wearing a purple jacket, stonewashed jeans, trainers and a balaclava.
Detective Constable Stuart Woodhead said: “This was a violent robbery in which the men were prepared to inflict damage and injury to achieve their aims.
“They attacked a man in his own home and strangely enough it is lucky that his young daughter arrived home when she did, as they could have continued to injure the victim.
“Fortunately they were not prepared to continue the attack while the young girl was in the house and so they fled relatively empty-handed.”
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
A new federal report shows that 10.3 million people paid their Obamacare premiums this year of the 12.2 million who signed up during open enrollment.
The report released Monday, which included data through March 15, found that cost was the major driver for people dropping out. It comes as the health of Obamacare's exchanges is being heavily scrutinized during the congressional debate over repealing the law.
The report from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services found that in March 2016, 10.8 million people paid their premiums out of the 12.7 million that signed up for open enrollment that year. However, that number dropped to 9.1 million by the end of 2016.
A survey found that 49 percent of consumers who terminated their plans after paying at least one month's premium this year said they received coverage elsewhere. Of that 49 percent, 58 percent of said they received coverage elsewhere and 22 percent said they were eligible for Medicare.
Another 27 percent cited cost as the reason.
About 46 percent of consumers who canceled before paying their first payment cited cost, with 17 percent saying they were ineligible for financial assistance, the report said.
"Consumers are sending a clear message that cost and affordability are major factors in their decision to cancel or terminate coverage," CMS Administrator Seema Verma said.
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price used the report to ding Obamacare.
"Many individuals and families across the country are tired of having their healthcare options dictated to them by Washington – particularly when those limited options are unaffordable," he said.
A report last year from the Department of Health and Human Services found that the average Obamacare plan's premiums were estimated to jump by about 25 percent.
The report also outlined the brunt of who may be affected if the White House fails to pay cost-sharing reduction subsidies to insurers. The subsidies reimburse insurers for lowering co-pays and deductibles for low-income Obamacare customers.
Of the 10.3 million people who paid premiums this year, 5.8 million received cost-sharing reductions as of February, the report said.
The state with the highest number of recipients of cost-sharing subsidies was Florida with about 1 million. Coming in second was California with 673,104 people.
The health of Obamacare's exchanges has become fodder for political attacks from both Republicans and Democrats as the Senate aims to take up its version of a healthcare reform bill by the end of July.
Republicans charge that the high premiums insurers proposed for 2018 are evidence of the law's collapse. Democrats counter that the Trump administration is trying to sabotage Obamacare, pointing to the reluctance to pay the CSRs.
Secular liberalism, which was born in Athens in the fifth century BC, replaced the Olympian gods with the god of Public Opinion. According to the fifth century philosopher Protagoras, who is perhaps the father of liberal philosophy, what drives us to obey the law and fit in with the manners of civilisation is not fear of divine punishment but rather our natural sense of shame and justice. These are the sentiments that enable us to live together in cities. Shame and the desire for public approval are the bedrock of liberal civilisation.
What really matters to humans, according to Protagoras, is not what the gods think of us (who knows if the gods really exist or not) but what other people think of us. ‘Man is the measure of all things', he claimed, therefore the measure of our true worth is our public standing. This radical idea, which is the kernel of liberalism, introduces a new volatility and insecurity into public life. The old caste divisions are less certain, more fluid. To rise to the top of society, all one needs are the rhetorical and PR skills to win the attention and the approval of the public, and to avoid their censure. One's ascent could be swift, but so could one's fall.
Cicero, for example, manages to rise into the senate class of the Roman Republic on the wind of his rhetorical ability, and his ability to network, win friends and influence people. He is the archetypal liberal, deeply driven by the desire for public approval, and at the same time, wracked with the fear of making a fool of himself in front of the public (we hear a description of how Cicero suffered what sounds like a panic attack once when giving a major speech, and he says in De Oratore that the better the orator, the more terrified he is of public speaking).
It is interesting, in this respect, that the first recorded instance of social anxiety is during the Athenian enlightenment, at the birth of liberalism, at the very moment when the public is being deified into an all-powerful god. We read in Hippocrates of a man who ‘through bashfulness, suspicion, and timorousness, will not be seen abroad; loves darkness as life and cannot endure the light or to sit in lightsome places; his hat still in his eyes, he will neither see, nor be seen by his good will. He dare not come in company for fear he should be misused, disgraced, overshoot himself in gesture or speeches, or be sick; he thinks every man observes him'.
There is, I suggest, a profound connection between liberalism's deification of public opinion and this terror of making a fool of oneself in public.
Later theorists of liberalism built their ethics on the same natural foundation of our desire for status and our fear of shame and humiliation. Adam Smith, in particular, built his Theory of Moral Sentiments on this idea that humans' over-riding drive is to look good to others, and to avoid looking bad. We imagine how our actions look to an ‘impartial spectator', we internalise this spectator, and conduct our lives permanently in its gaze – and that's what keeps us honest, polite and industrious. We constantly perform to an audience – in fact, his ethics are full of examples taken from the theatre. When pondering the morality of an action, Smith often asks himself what looks good on the stage, what wins applause. Morality becomes a theatrical performance.
It's a similar ethics as one finds in Joseph Addison's Spectator and Tatler essays, where Addison imagines a ‘court of honour‘ that judges the behaviour of various urbanites: this person snubbed me in the street, that person behaved abominably in the coffee-house, and so on. The All-Seeing God is replaced by the thousand-eyed Argus of the Public, which spies into every part of your behaviour, judges you, and then gossips. Unsurprising, then, that Mr Spectator himself should be a shy, self-conscious, retiring character – we long to observe the foibles of others, yet are frightened of our own foibles being found out.
This liberal, Whiggish ethics celebrates the city, because the city is where we are most watched, most commented upon, and therefore where we are most moral. The city makes us polite (from the Greek polis) and urbane (from the Latin urbs). It polishes off our rustic edges and makes us well-mannered. Liberal ethics also celebrates commerce and finance, for the same reason. The man of business must carefully protect their reputation, because his financial standing, his credit, depends on the opinion others have of him. Therefore, commerce makes us behave ourselves. This theory, popular in the 18th century, is tied to the development of the international credit markets – governments have to behave themselves now because they need to maintain the approval of investors (this is well-explored in Hirschman's The Passion and the Interests).
We can still see this liberal ethics of status and shame today, particularly in the neo-liberalism of the last few decades. It was believed that countries and companies are kept honest by ‘market discipline' – by the gaze of shareholders and investors. If a finance minister or a CEO behaves badly or shamefully, if they fail to govern themselves or to apply fiscal discipline, they will be punished by the market. Likewise, our culture is ever-more dedicated to seeking the approval of that god, Public Opinion, whose attention we seek through blogs, tweets, YouTube videos, reality TV shows, through any publicity stunt we can keep up. The greater your public following, the greater your power.
Yet, right at the very birth of liberalism in the fifth century BC, a critique of it arose, also based on shame.
Plato insisted that liberal democratic societies had produced a false morality, a morality of spectacle. We only care about looking good to others, rather than actually being good. He illustrated this with the myth of the ring of Gyges, which makes its wearers invisible. If we had that ring, and were protected from the gaze of others, would we still behave ourselves, or would we let ourselves commit every crime imaginable? If all that is keeping us honest is the gaze of other people, then what really matters is keeping your sins hidden from the public.
Civilisation, Plato suggested, had made us alienated, which literally means ‘sold into slavery'. We have become slaves to Public Opinion, before which we cringe and tremble like a servant afraid of being beaten. We contort ourselves to fit the Public's expectations, no matter how much internal suffering and misery it causes us. It's far more important to look good to the Public than to actually be happy and at peace within. So we put all our energy into tending our civilised masks, our brands, our shop-fronts, while our inner selves go rotten.
One finds a similar critique in the Cynics and the Stoics, both of whom lambast their contemporaries for being pathetic slaves to public opinion, who tremble at the prospect of advancement or being snubbed. A man of virtue, the Stoics and Cynics insist, cares only for whether they are doing the right thing, they don't care how that looks to the public, how it plays on the evening news. Against the spin and sophistry of liberalism, the Stoics and Cynics emphasise the steadiness and self-reliance of virtue.
The Cynic takes the revolt against liberal morality to an extreme. It's a hypocritical morality, the Cynic insists, that divides our public from our private selves, and which makes us hide behaviour that is in fact perfectly natural. The Cynic breaks down the wall between the public and the private self. Anything which one is happy to do in private – such as defecation, say, or farting, or masturbation – one should be equally happy to do in public. Cynics trained themselves to de-sensitise themselves to public ridicule, not just for the hell of it, but so that they could move from a false ethics based on looking good to others, to a true ethics based on obedience to one's own ethical principles.
Today, perhaps, we are more than ever obsessed with our public standing, and terrified of public ridicule. As Theodore Zeldin wrote: ‘Creating a false impression is the modern nightmare. Reputation is the modern purgatory.' We live, as Rousseau put it, ever outside of ourselves, in the opinions of others (this, in fact, is the meaning of paranoia – existing outside of oneself). This desperate need for public approval, and terror of shame or obscurity, is, I would suggest, at the heart of many of the discontents of liberal civilisation – social anxiety, depression, narcissism.
Yet we don't have to accept these discontents as an inevitable part of civilisation, as Sigmund Freud or Norbert Elias argued. We can in fact modulate shame. We can reprogramme shame by reprogramming the attitudes and beliefs which direct it. As Plato, the Stoics and the Cynics suggested, we can challenge the values that give so much importance to status and reputation, and learn to embrace new values, which focus less on public opinion, and more on being true to our own principles. Many of the Greeks' techniques for cognitive change are found in Cognitive Behavioural Therapy today – including a technique specifically designed to help people overcome a crippling sense of shame or self-consciousness. It's called ‘shame-attacking‘, and involves intentionally drawing attention and ridicule to yourself in order to de-sensitise yourself to the experience, just as the Cynics did 2400 years ago.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tuesday's key evidence - in 60 seconds
A friend of Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that the athlete "had a big love" for guns.
Darren Fresco said that he had been with him on two occasions when a gun had been fired in public.
Mr Pistorius had once accidentally fired a gun in a restaurant but made him take the blame, Mr Fresco said.
The Paralympic athlete denies intentionally killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp and says he mistook her for a burglar.
Analysis Darren Fresco, in a black suit with shoulder-length, slicked-back light brown hair, seemed confident - some may even say cocky - as he answered defence lawyer Barry Roux's questions. Mr Roux has a tendency to ask the same question over and over again pressing witnesses on details, which can make them seem unsure, and Mr Fresco was no exception. For one, he could not explain why his statement had not mentioned Oscar Pistorius asking him to be his fall guy at Tasha's restaurant, or that he had made up a story to the restaurant owners about how the gun had gone off. Mr Fresco also was not sure when the Paralympian had asked him to take the blame for the incident, just that he had done. The lack of detail does not necessarily harm Mr Fresco's credibility. It has, however, given Mr Roux enough room to suggest he may be protecting himself and sacrificing Mr Pistorius. Mr Fresco's testimony has also given us a glimpse into the friends' fast life - guns, sports cars, beautiful women and a seeming disregard for police officers.
Mr Fresco said that on another occasion, he had been driving when Mr Pistorius fired a gun out of a sunroof after police stopped him for speeding.
He said Mr Pistorius had become angry after a police officer handled his gun, which was on the back seat of the car.
"You can't just touch another man's gun," said Mr Pistorius, according to Mr Fresco.
"Now your fingerprints are all over my gun. So if something happens, you're going to be liable for anything that happens," Mr Pistorius reportedly warned the officer.
The BBC's Pumza Fihlani says Mr Pistorius was far more composed than on previous days. He sat cross-legged, looking straight at his friend and taking notes.
Mr Fresco's testimony, our correspondent adds, has given the court a glimpse into the fast life he shared with his friend - guns, sports cars, beautiful women and a seeming disregard for police officers.
Mr Pistorius' ex-girlfriend described the same incident in court in the first week of the trial.
Samantha Taylor said both men had been agitated after police stopped them and had joked about "shooting a robot [traffic light]".
Mr Fresco denied making the joke and said that the mood had been calm before the shot was fired "without warning".
He said he had been left feeling as if his ears were bleeding and that Mr Pistorius had laughed after firing the shot.
The trial has now been adjourned until Wednesday.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Oscar Pistorius shot Reeva Steenkamp through a bathroom door
Earlier, Mr Pistorius' defence team questioned a pathologist's finding that his girlfriend had eaten less than two hours before he killed her.
This contradicts the athlete's account that the pair had been in bed for several hours before the shooting.
Pathologist Gert Saayman said Ms Steenkamp had been shot three times, in the head, hip and arm but that he did not know the order of the injuries.
If she had been shot in the hip or arm first, screaming would have been expected, he said.
Neighbours have previously said they heard a woman screaming before the shots were fired but Mr Pistorius' defence lawyers argue that the athlete was the only one who screamed.
INTERACTIVE 1 2 5 4 6 3 ×
× 1. Balcony × Mr Pistorius said in his statement at the start of the trial that he woke in the early hours and walked on his stumps to the balcony, pulled in two fans, closed the sliding door and drew curtains. He said that shortly before he had spoken to Reeva, who was in bed beside him. He said he rejected prosecution claims that a witness heard arguing coming from the house before the shooting.
× 2. Bathroom window × Mr Pistorius said he heard the bathroom window sliding open and believed that an intruder, or intruders, had entered the bathroom through a window which was not fitted with burglar bars. "Unbeknown to me, Reeva must have gone to the toilet in the bathroom at the time I brought in the fans," he said. Mr Pistorius said he approached the bathroom armed with his firearm, to defend himself and his girlfriend, believing Ms Steenkamp was still in bed.
× 3. Shooting × Both sides agree four bullets were fired. Ms Steenkamp was hit three times. Mr Pistorius said he fired his weapon after hearing a noise in the toilet which he thought was the intruder coming out of the toilet to attack him and Ms Steenkamp. He said he was in a fearful state, knowing he was on his stumps and unable to run away or properly defend himself. Mr Pistorius said he rejected claims that he was on his prostheses when he shot at the door. A witness told the trial she woke to hear a woman screaming and a man shouting for help. She said that after the screams she heard four shots.
× 4. Bedroom × Mr Pistorius said he went back to the bedroom after shooting at the toilet door, still shouting for Reeva. Lifting himself up onto the bed, he felt over to the right hand side of it and noticed Ms Steenkamp was not there. Mr Pistorius said this was when he realised she could have been in the toilet.
× 5. Toilet door × Mr Pistorius said he went back to the bathroom but the toilet was locked, so he returned to the bedroom, pulled on his prosthetic legs, turned on the lights before bashing in the toilet door with a cricket bat. Forensics expert Johannes Vermeulen told the court that the height of the marks on the door caused by the cricket bat suggest Mr Pistorius was on his stumps at the time.
× 6. Emergency calls × Mr Pistorius's defence team say he then called security at the gated housing complex and a private paramedic service before carrying Ms Steenkamp downstairs. A security guard claimed it was the other way round, and he had called Mr Pistorius first after reports of gunfire. However, phone records shown to the court revealed Mr Pistorius called the estate manager at 3:19am, a minute later he called the ambulance service and at 3:21am he called estate security. A minute later he received an incoming call - estate security calling him back. According to police phone expert Francois Moller, Mr Pistorius called his friend Justin Divaris a short time later and just after 4:00am he called his brother Carl.
When pressed by defence lawyer Barry Roux, Dr Saayman said that there could be an error of "an hour or two" in his estimation of when Ms Steenkamp last ate.
"Gastric emptying is not an exact science My Lady but I don't think we should throw out the baby with the proverbial bathwater," Dr Saayman said.
Judge Thokozile Masipa banned live coverage of Monday's testimony from the post-mortem because of its graphic nature.
Mr Pistorius has appeared distraught as the events of 14 February 2013 have been recounted in the court in Pretoria.
He was physically sick as Dr Saayman presented his evidence about the nature of Ms Steenkamp's injuries.
The state is seeking to convince the court that Mr Pistorius and Ms Steenkamp, a 29-year-old model, reality TV star and law graduate, had an argument before the athlete fired the shots that killed his girlfriend.
There are no juries at trials in South Africa, and his fate will ultimately be decided by the judge, assisted by two assessors.
If found guilty, the 27-year-old, a national sporting hero dubbed the "blade runner" after having both lower legs amputated, could face life imprisonment.
p551 Fullo
Unsigned article on pp551‑553 of
FULLO (κναφεύς, γναφεύς), also NACCA (Festus, s.v.; Apul. Met. IX p206, Bipont), a fuller, a washer or scourer of cloth and linen. The fullones not only received the cloth as it came from the loom in order to scour and smooth it, but also washed and cleansed garments which had been already worn. As the Romans generally wore woollen dresses, which were often of a light colour, they frequently needed, in the hot climate of Italy, a thorough purification. The way in which this was done has been described by Pliny and other writers, but is most clearly explained by some paintings which have been found on the walls of a fullonica at Pompeii.a Two of these paintings are given by Gell (Pompeiana, vol. II pl. 51, 52), and the whole of them in the Museo Borbonico (vol. IV pl. 49, 50); from the p552 latter of which works the following cuts have been taken.
The clothes were first washed, which was done in tubs or vats, where they were trodden upon and stamped by the feet of the fullones, whence Seneca (Ep. 15) speaks of saltus fullonicus. The following woodcut represents four persons thus employed, of whom three are boys, probably under the superintendence of the man. Their dress is tucked up, leaving the legs bare; the boys seem to have done their work, and to be wringing the articles on which they had been employed.
Photo © Miko Flohr 2009, by kind permission.
The ancients were not acquainted with soap,b but they used in its stead different kinds of alkali, by which the dirt was more easily separated from the clothes. Of these, by far the most common was the urine of men and animals, which was mixed with the water in which the clothes were washed (Plin. H. N. XXVIII 18. 26; Athen. XI p484 ).c To procure a sufficient supply of it, the fullones were accustomed to place at the corners of the streets vessels, which they carried away after they had been filled by the passengers (Martial, VI.93; Macrob. Saturn. II.12). We are told by Suetonius (Vesp. 23) that Vespasian imposed a urinae vectigal, which is supposed by Casaubon and others to have been a tax paid by the fullones. Nitrum, of which Pliny (H. N. XXXI.46) gives an account, was also mixed with water by the scourers. Fullers' earth (creta fullonia, Plin. H. N. XVII.4),º of which there were many kinds, was employed for the same purpose. We do not know the exact nature of this earth, but it appears to have acted in the same way as our fullers' earth, namely, partly in scouring and partly in absorbing the greasy dirt. Pliny (H. N. XXXV.57) says that the clothes should be washed with the Sardinian earth.
After the clothes had been washed, they were hung out to dry, and were allowed to be placed in the street before the doors of the fullonica (Dig. 43 tits. 10 s.1 §4). When dry, the wool was brushed and carded to raise the nap, sometimes with the skin of a hedgehog, and sometimes with some plants of the thistle kind. The clothes were then hung on a vessel of basket-work (viminea cavea), under which sulphur was placed in order to whiten the cloth; for the ancient fullers appear to have known that many colours were destroyed by the volatile steam of sulphur (Apul. Met. IX. p208, Bipont; Plin. H. N. XXXV.50, 57; Pollux, VII.41). A fine white earth, called Cimolian by Pliny, was often rubbed into the cloth to increase its whiteness (Theophr. Char. 10 ; Plaut. Aulul. IV.9.6; Plin. H. N. XXXV.57). The preceding account is well illustrated by the following woodcut.
Photo © Miko Flohr 2009, by kind permission.
On the left we see a fullo brushing or carding a white tunic, suspended over a rope, with a card or brush, which bears considerable resemblance to a modern horse-brush. On the right, another man carries a frame of wicker-work, which was without doubt intended for the purpose described above; he has also a pot in his hand, perhaps intended for holding the sulphur. On his head he wears a kind of garland, which is supposed to be an olive garland, and above him an owl is sitting. It is thought that the olive garland and the owl indicate that the establishment was under the patronage of Minerva, the tutelary goddess of the loom. Sir W. Gell imagines that the owl is probably the picture of a bird which really existed in the family. On the left, a well-dressed female is sitting, examining a piece of work which a younger girl brings to her. A reticulum [see p329A] upon her head, a necklace, and bracelets denote a person of higher rank than one of the ordinary work-people of the establishment.
In the following woodcut we see a young man in a green tunic giving a piece of cloth, which appears to be finished, to a woman, who wears a green under-tunic, and over it a yellow tunic with red stripes. On the right is another female in a white tunic, who appears to be engaged in cleaning one of the cards or brushes. Among these paintings there was a press, worked by two upright screws, in which the cloth was placed to be smoothened. A drawing of this press is given on p300.
Photo © Miko Flohr 2009, by kind permission.
The establishment or workshop of the fullers was called Fullonica (Dig. 39 tits. 3 s3), Fullonicum p553 (Dig. 7 tits. 1 s13 § 8), or Fullonium (Amm. Marc. XIV.11, p44, Bipont.). Of such establishments there were great numbers in Rome, for the Romans do not appear to have washed at home even their linen clothes (Martial, XIV.51). The trade of the fullers was considered so important that the censors, C. Flaminius and L. Aemilius, B.C. 220, prescribed the mode in which the dresses were to be washed (Plin. H. N. XXXV.57). Like the other principal trades in Rome, the Fullones formed a collegium (Fabretti, Inscr. p278). To large farms a fullonica was sometimes attached, in which the work was performed by the slaves who belonged to the familia rustica (Varro, R. R. I.16).
The fullo was answerable for the property while it was in his possession; and if he returned by mistake a different garment from the one he had received, he was liable to an action ex locato; to which action he was also subject if the garment was injured (Dig. 19 tits. 2 s13 § 6; s60, § 2; 12 tit. 7 s2). Woollen garments, which had been once washed, were considered to be less valuable than they were previously (Petron. 30; Lamprid. Heliogab. 26); hence Martial (X.1) speaks of a toga lota terque quaterque as a poor present.
The Greeks were also accustomed to send their garments to fullers to be washed and scoured, who appear to have adopted a similar method to that which has been described above (Theophr. Char. 10 ; Athen. XI p582D ; Pollux, VII.39, 40, 41). The word πλύνειν denoted the washing of linen, and κναφεύειν or γναφεύειν the washing of woollen, clothes (Eustath. ad Od. XXIV.148 p1956, 41).
(Schöttgen Antiquitates Triturae et Fulloniae, Traj. ad Rhen. 127; Beckmann, Hist. of Inventions and Discoveries, vol. III p266, &c., transl.: Becker, Gallus, vol. II p100, &c., Charikles, vol. II p408).
Thayer's Notes:
a More precisely, the woodcuts are reproductions of frescoes in the fullonica of Veranius Hypsaeus. By 21c standards, the reproductions are inferior; thru the kind courtesy of Dr. Miko Flohr, an authority on Roman fulleries (The World of the Fullo. Work, Economy and Society in Roman Italy, Oxford Studies on the Roman Economy. Oxford: OUP 2013), each of them is now joined by a photograph.
❦
b This is not altogether true. The Roman encyclopedist Pliny writes of soap quite clearly (H. N. 28.191), summarizing how it is made, and attributing it to the inhabitants of Gaul. He uses a word for it that appears to be taken from Celtic: sapo, a cognate of the English word. Later Latin writers to use the word or derivatives include Serenus Sammonicus (de Medicina, 11) and Priscian; and from the Latin, the modern Romance languages take their own words for it: sapone, savon, jabón, etc.
In other articles by different contributing authors, by the way, Smith's Dictionary contradicts itself: in the article Unguenta, on perfumes and ointments, soaps are routinely included in the arsenal of personal care products used by the Romans; and in the article Balneae, on the Roman bath, it is mentioned in passing that another authority would have had the Romans using soap to wash themselves.
What is puzzling is why, knowing soap, the Romans did not in fact appear to have produced it and used it. It is one of the great inventions, yet is easy and cheap to make; the manufacturing process is a simple one, and involves just two common raw materials, animal fat and wood ash, at least one of which is otherwise a waste product.
❦
c Also Isidore, Orig. XI.1.138.
❦
The careful student can learn a lot about how fullers worked by spending some time on the Fulleries section of Internet Group Ostia's site, in which detailed layouts of seven fulleries of Ostia are given, preceded by an introduction and reconstruction drawings of what they might have been like.
Soban Hameed is an active Quora Contributor and helps people with programming interviews preparation. We requested him to do a blog post on the above topic and he gladly agreed.
This is a question I hear a lot. Interview preparation is intimidating and for people with several years of experience it's even more so because they may not be used to solving such problems in daily routine and will need revising algorithms and concepts and above all the expectations are very high. If you are a senior IC here goes the general theme that's followed when interviewing someone like you.
Design: There is a heavy focus on Design. For example If you are going for a services team do expect that you will be asked about designing services that can scale, handle spikes etc. I strongly recommend that candidates read a lot of distributed systems material before going for an interview in these teams/companies. Search google/quora for distributed system material you will find some very nice resource like dynamo paper etc.
“Capacity Planning” is a new category of design questions that I have seen in a lot of interviews lately. To answer this kind of questions you have to be good at current system numbers (Search for “numbers every programmer should know”) and have a very thorough understanding of bottlenecks in a distributed system. This category is my favorite and really gives very good insight on depth of senior folks we are interviewing.
Problem-Solving: You like it or not but I would expect at least 1 DP question in senior loops. Also I strongly recommend that you look at wide variety of problems across different categories in interview prep books(Algorithm Design Manual, CTCI), apps(Coderust) or website (Glassdoor, Careercup are all good resources). That will increase your chance of succeeding many folds. Also you have to come across as someone who asks the right clarifying questions to understand vague problems.
Coding: It is expected as a seasoned developer that your code will be more organized, less buggy and you think through all cases before you go and write code on the whiteboard. You have to show that you are well aware of basic data structures in the language you have chosen to code in. Also some companies go to the extent of picking on syntax mistakes but I am not a big fan of that.
For the above two categories Coderust is a good resource. I love the portability aspect that I can revise problems whenever needed. It needs to add more problems.
Good Luck with your interview preparation.
Bill Clinton did not mince words when it came to his wife's Democratic rival at an event in New Hampshire on Sunday.
At an event in Milford, the former President blasted Sen. Bernie Sanders' positions on health care, his assertion that Hillary Clinton is a part of the establishment during his fiercest attack on the candidate ahead of Tuesday's pivotal primary.
“When you're making a revolution you can't be too careful with the facts,” Clinton said, the New York Times reports.
The former Secretary of State trails Sanders in the Granite State, a state that has in the past boosted Clinton campaigns. On Sunday, Clinton also derided Sanders' assertion that he is running a positive campaign, saying the actions of his staffers and the conduct of his supporters online shows that's not the case.
“You guys say you're running a positive campaign, but it was your campaign that made 25 separate inquires in the mere space of 30 minutes trying to loot information [from Hillary Clinton's campaign] out of computers,” Clinton said. “And [Sanders] said, ‘Well, I apologize for that.' Yeah, in public they did. In private, they sent an email out complaining, blaming the Democratic party for leaving the keys in the car….'All I did was drive it out.'”
Clinton also called attention to a collection of male Sanders supporters dubbed ‘Bernie bros' who launch vitriolic attacks on Clinton supporters online in solidarity with the Senator's cause. Though the Sanders campaign has distanced itself from the “bros,” Clinton suggested that Sanders supporters made it difficult for women to speak freely about his wife's campaign online.
Bloggers “who have gone online to defend Hillary, to explain why they supported her, have been subject to vicious trolling and attacks that are literally too profane often, not to mention sexist, to repeat,” Clinton said Sunday.
The sexism suggestion was striking coming from Clinton, whose past misdeeds with women have become part of the 2016 election. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said the former president has a “penchant for sexism” at one point this cycle.
According to the New York Times, Sanders' camp said Clinton's rhetoric was “disappointing.”
“Obviously the race has changed in New Hampshire and elsewhere in recent days,” said a senior Sanders advisor Tad Devine.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Per a report in The New York Times on Monday, a legal team hired directly by Chris Christie's office performed a review of the George Washington Bridge scandal and found the New Jersey Governor completely innocent of any wrongdoing. The review of the scandal was conducted by Randy M. Mastro, who just so happened to serve as New York City's deputy mayor under Rudy Giuliani. Giuliani has been one of the embattled Christie's biggest supporters and cheerleaders throughout the fallout of his many controversies these past few months.
Mastro's law firm was paid $1 million in legal fees to conduct the audit. While they pointed out that they had unlimited access to files and phones records, and that they were able to conduct at least 70 interviews with various people in the Governor's office and administration, they did not speak with either Bridget Kelly or David Wildstein, the two most central figures in this scandal. Another person who was not interviewed was Christie's former aide and campaign manager, Bill Stephen.
The fact that this review was conducted by a man who is a close ally of Rudy Giuliani will lead to much skepticism and criticism. Also, Mastro's law firm, Gibson Dunn & Crutcher, has done work for Christie in the past. This leads one to wonder how impartial this review really was. On top of that, New Jersey taxpayers are the ones forced to foot the bill for the Governor's internal review.
Considering that Jersey residents are the ones ultimately paying the lawyer bills for this, shouldn't a truly impartial and unaffiliated law firm or government agency have been tasked with conducting this review? With the use of a close ally as the investigator, Christie has to know that anything coming out of this audit that fully clears him will be seen as nothing but a whitewash. He can't point to his own office's investigation and say,' Look, I'm clean. Time to move on!'
Democratic New Jersey Assemblyman John Wisniewski, who chairs the panel investigating Governor Christie, obviously expressed doubts when the Times story broke on Monday. He told the New Jersey Star-Ledger the following regarding Bridget Kelly's emails and the fact that she was not interviewed in this review:
“If we don't know why she sent that email, if we don't know who gave her the authority to send that email, if we don't know what she thought she may be accomplishing by sending that email, then we can't have a complete picture of what happened here.”
The main takeaway here is that nothing at all is resolved. Christie might be able to hold up this report and say it clears him of all wrongdoing or culpability, but only his staunchest supporters will uncritically accept that. Nobody else is going to take, at face value, a clean internal audit conducted by a law firm full of the Governor's friends that also provided those lawyers with a $1 million payday.
Civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) shared his support for NFL players kneeling during the national anthem in a tweet Monday, sharing a photo of himself kneeling during a protest in 1962.
The photo Lewis shared depicts him and other demonstrators kneeling at a pool in Cairo, Ill., in 1962 in protest of it not allowing black people to swim.
Players across the NFL knelt and locked arms during the playing of the national anthem this weekend in response to President Trump's criticism of athletes who don't stand for the anthem.
"Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now. He is fired,' " Trump said at a rally for Alabama Senate candidate Sen. Luther Strange (R) on Friday.
Trump's comments brought a wave of backlash from NFL players, coaches and executives over the weekend, and the White House on Monday sought to defend Trump's continued tweets aimed at the NFL.
At least one other lawmaker also showed their support for NFL players following Trump's attacks. Rep. Shelia Jackson Lee (D-Texas) knelt on the House floor Monday night in solidarity with players.
"I kneel in honor of them. I kneel in front of the flag and on this floor," Jackson Lee declared.
"I kneel in honor of the First Amendment. I kneel because the flag is a symbol for freedom. I kneel because I'm going to stand against racism. I kneel because I will stand with those young men and I'll stand with our soldiers. And I'll stand with America, because I kneel," she said.
What does it mean to be hero in Judaism, and who to me represents that more than anyone?
For me, a hero is someone who in spite of adversity, still manages to build a world around her that is for the sake of growth, of positivity and of Shalom (peace).
My personal model of this sentiment, and a woman who has lived and continues to live with the models the Torah sets out, is…you guessed it, my mother.
My mother, once Tanya Maria Robertson, now Shulamis Geulah Rothstein, taught my brothers and me so many things! Among them is the idea that commitment, determination and hope are the necessary tools needed in order to change troubles into triumphs. She, like a great lioness, raised us to think, to feel and to respond to the needs of our people, regardless of religious affiliation, skin color or garb.
My mother's conversion to Judaism over 30 years ago furthers the message of Solomon and Ezekiel, and deeply roots my family in what it means to be a Jewish woman (though there are many praiseworthy versions of this title).
For more on conversion to Judaism, click here!
The rabbis ask, why was it Noah, and not Adam, who was given the role to save human, animal and plant life before the great flood? Some offer the explanation that Noah, unlike Adam, had no sin attached to his name, and therefore he was more fit for the role seeing he was the most righteous of his generation. Others suggest that Noah was simply in the right place (or wrong, depend on who you ask) at the right time.
Former chief rabbi of Israel, and survivor of the Buchenwald concentration camp, Rabbi Yisroel Meir Lau said the reason why it was Noah and not Adam is because Noah, unlike Adam and Eve, had a mother.
Meaning to say, because Noah knew of motherly-tenderness, of deeply divine connection, of careful investment of time and energy, he was more fit than the father of humanity (Adam) to preserve and progress the continuity of the planet.
Growing up in Monsey, New York, one of the largest Jewish communities in the world, most Jews shared a similar sentiment: “Mother's Day is a Goyish [gentile] holiday. For Jews, every day is Mother's Day.”
While I wholeheartedly support the Hallmark holiday that honors our mothers, Judaism does celebrate and honor the women and the mothers that keep our people thriving and alive, not only through childbirth, but also with spirit.
Echoing the lines found in King Solomon's poem about honoring Jewish women titled Eshet Chayil, at the culmination of every week, the Jewish man rises to his feet, serenading his wife; celebrating her role in the Jewish community and the simple yet heroic actions of her week. With all that she does, and with all that she maintains, King Solomon points to her depth of character,
“She opens her mouth with wisdom and teaching of kindness are always with her speech.”
In Judaism, the mother is the heroine and force behind our values and Jewish practice. The prophet Ezekiel (19:2) associates her as the lioness that protects.
Rabbinic commentators (Rashi, Even Ezra, MaLBIM) on King Solomon's words “do not forsake the Torah of your mother (Proverbs 1:8)” suggest that the Mother's Torah is the “Oral tradition,” the complement to the written Torah. And it is this Torah of the Mother that is the medium someone needs to “enter into Israel,” and that the “mother guides (Torah) the child towards uprightness and justice.” The Torah of the Mother guides children on the proper path.
My blessings to you dear mothers and daughters, dear fathers and sons, May we not wait nor assume that this day is the day to celebrate Mothers, for it is your duty as a Jew to honor your parents regardless of your time or their temperaments. May it be God's will that we continue to elevate the Jewish women in all her glory and in all her deserving from now and for all eternity.
So celebrate mothers, on Mother's Day and everyday. It is a Jewish thing to do.
Torah Your browser does not support the audio element. Pronunced: TORE-uh, Origin: Hebrew, the Five Books of Moses.
A few days before Christmas I was busy chatting with my aunt and I told her that I felt that the magic had gone out of Christmas. I asked her if it was a part of growing older. To her credit she didn't laugh at me (I'm just 28!) and said that it sometimes feels like that. You need to find the magic for yourself she said. She couldn't have said anything more true.
Vietnam has a relatively small population of Christians and we didn't think that it would be celebrated but it is. It certainly isn't as big a celebration as one in Goa is but it did us good to see the streets lighting up. It was the eve of Christmas and our train arrived late afternoon (and it was late!) in Da Nang. We caught a cab (prearranged by our home stay) at the train station which was to take us to Hoi An. With the rain on our heads and the aches in our bones, I was glad for the small bit of comfort.
Dan Voiculescu
Firma pentru care lucra domnul Voiculescu, Crescent, era înregistrată într-un paradis fiscal, în Cipru. În 1990, Guvernul român a angajat o echipă de controlori canadieni ca să depisteze traseul banilor, din contul Securității. Căutau circa 2 miliarde de dolari.
Reporter: De-a lungul timpului, ați acumulat sute de milioane, zeci de milioane de dolari. Unde s-au dus?
Dan Voiculescu: Acești bani sunt în conturile firmei Crescent. Toți acești bani. Profitul net este în conturile firmei Crescent.
Reporter: Care este profitul companiei acum? (Dan Voiculescu oftează)
„Aveam un salariu foarte mare pe vremea aceea, de vreo 5.000 de dolari pe lună, care era un salariu fabulos. Sigur că noi am lucrat foarte mult cu o întreprindere de comerț exterior. Întâmplător aia era o unitate a departamentului securității statului. Aici s-a creat confuzia că dacă ai lucrat cu Dunărea și Dunărea era firma securității înseamnă că și tu erai al Securității. Doi. Permisiunea asta de a lucra sau de a nu lucra cu reprezentață de firmă străină nu o dădea decât Securitatea”, povestea atunci Dan Voiculescu.
Alexandru Solomon: În cartea dumneavoastră spuneați că schimbările de până acum nu au adus decât înlocuirea unor corupți cu alți corupți.
Dan Voiculescu: Da. Că a fost înlocuită o nomenclatură, cu o nouă nomenclatură. Și că, în cele din urmă, persoanele mediocre au dominat scena asta a tranziției. Cum și cine a format capitalismul românesc, așa cum e el astăzi, după 20 de ani? A existat și în România o categorie, printre care mă număr și eu. Ca atare, această categorie, este principala categorie, autentică, reală, de capitalism românesc.
„I-am iertat. Trebuia să îi dau în judecată. Și sigur aș fi câștigat. Pentru că ei au făcut o mare greșeală. La un moment dat au făcut o afirmație. Spuneau ei autorităților române, „arestați-l pe Voiculescu ca să aflați adevărul”. Afirmația asta a lor era suficientă ca să câștig”, a spus fostul senator, condamnat zilele trecute la 10 ani de închisoare cu executare.
George Copos
„Domnul Copos acumulează trofeele regatelor de ambarcațiuni ca și reușitele în afaceri. A avut succese și în politică. În 2005 a fost numit vicepriministru, fiind senator și coleg de partid cu Dan Voiculescu”, spunea regizorul Alexandru Solomon.
Dan Diaconescu
„Acest cocktail balcanic, fără moral și fără prințipuri, nu face rău tuturor. Ba chiar poate fi profitabil. Dan Diaconescu, patronul OTV a făcut avere din dezamăgirile capitalismului românesc. Concurența spune că OTV e o televiziune de apartament. Dar, spre necazul multora, Dan Diaconescu a arătat că o televiziune fără tehnică, decoruri sau scupule e o bună afacere: crime, ceva sex și eventual o intrigă politică”, se spune în documentarul „Kapitalism – Rețeta noastră secretă”.
„Ceaușescu, înainte de 89, dacă făcea talk-show-uri - talk-show-rile care sunt acum la OTV - cred că nu cădea sau regimul lui rămânea și astăzi fiindcă mi se pare o supapă extraordinară o asemenea emisiune și nu înțeleg el de ce nu făcea la vremea aceea”, spune Dan Diaconescu în acest documentar.
Dinu Patriciu
Niciunul dintre acești oameni de afaceri nu a vrut să dea explicații, cu excepția domnului Dinu Patriciu, implicat într-o anchetă ce datează din 2005.
„Lucram cu câțiva colegi. Unul dintre ei și-a luat o mașină, o pușcă de vânătoare, celălalt și-a luat un apartament, eu am investit în terenuri. Până la ultimul ban. Și așa a început aventura”, povestește Dinu Patriciu.
„La vânzare, în 2001, prețul rafinăriei a fost de 615 milioane de dolari din care domnul Patriciu nu ar fi achitat decât 50 de milioane. Restul era constituit dintr o datorie către stat pe care Guvernul a transformat o cu mărinimie în obligațiuni și a căror scadență a fost prelungită până în 2010. Dar Patriciu a vândut Rompetrol laolaltă cu datoriile sale unei companii din Kazakstan în 2009, chiar înaintea scadenței, pentru circa 2 miliarde de euro. În 2005 a fost acuzat de spălare de bani, evaziune fiscală și manipularea pieței de capital”, se menționează în documentar.
George Becali
George Becali a fost ales deputat în Parlamentul European.
Dan Diaconescu: Zicea un telespectator că sunteți foarte elegant îmbrăcat și când o să vă duceți la Bruxelles la ei în Parlament o să îi umiliți puțin numai cu hainele.
George Becali: Păi o să îi umilesc din toate punctele de vedere, nu numai cu hainele.
„E ceva ce trebuie să fac și trebuie să fac cu demnitate”, spunea George Becali, care a fost la un moment dat cel mai bogat om din România.
Ioan Niculae
„Sigur, poate am fost toți foștii, dar pe cine i-a prins Revoluția la o maturitate cât de cât să poți să începi o afacere sau să ai un capital minim, eu știu. Unii sunt foarte buni doctori, unii sunt foarte buni polițiști și unii sunt foarte buni oameni de afaceri. Acum ce să facem? Să ne dăm la o parte? Care este problema? Avem vreo vină ca am existat sau...?”, spune Ioan Niculae în acest documentar.
George Pădure
„Mă simt jenat prin faptul ca nu am reușit în cei 20 de ani de capitalism dâmbovițean să mă îmbogăţesc precum alții”, spune George Pădure.
„Mergem de șase ani pe autostradă și nu avem o stație de benzină, tocmai datorită intereselor. Pe cuvântul meu de onoare. Am fost să construiesc eu. M-am dus la Năstase: mergi vezi că te așteapta Nicușor Constantinescu. Gata. M-am dus la Nicușor Constantinescu: Da, da, da. Stați să vă pun în legătură cu cineva. Înțelegi? Stați de vorbă și vedeți ce puteți face împreună. Împreună! Păi, adică ce? Îți spun eu ce. Am o societate, atât la sută tu, eu atât la sută, eu vin cu banii, restul, mă ocup eu, nu vă faceți probleme. Nu se poate. Nu am mai făcut nimic: Altfel nu iei nicio autorizație. Ntz, ntz. Iar dacă nu-ți vezi de treabă mai ajungi și prin pușcărie, îți faci niște hmmm. E un om care a ajuns și primar și care trăiește și azi spunându-mi măi george, măi George, ce mai e măi de furat, ce mai e de furat pe la primărie măi?”, mai spune el în documentar.
Etichete:
,
,
,
,
,
1 of 6
Stacy Revere/Getty Images
Break 'Em Big
Tennessee doesn't have the running game to keep defenses honest, and the Vols don't have a good enough offensive line to let plays develop downfield.
So, it's essential that UT gets the football to its dynamic receivers and for them to be, well, dynamic.
Von Pearson getting 100 percent healthy is a huge key to what UT wants to do offensively, and having him on the field should help open things up a bit for Marquez North.
After a relatively quiet couple of games, North got back in the end zone against the Mocs before exiting with an injury UT coach Butch Jones indicated to GoVols247's Wes Rucker wouldn't keep him out.
Asking the Vols to sustain long drives against Ole Miss' salty defense is too much. They've got to get some big catch-and-runs to win.
Bottle Up the Run
The Rebels have plenty of offensive weapons, but they've struggled to maintain any consistency on the ground so far. UT needs to keep them one-dimensional.
Ole Miss' top five rushers—Jaylen Walton, I'Tavius Mathers, Mark Dodson, Jordan Wilkins and Bo Wallace—all hail from Tennessee, so there's not going to be any shortage of motivation there. But none of those guys has been overly impressive this year.
Walton is the big-play runner, and he leads the team in rushing yards. If one of Ole Miss' running backs is going to make an impact against the Vols, he's the odds-on favorite.
If the Vols can shut down the run, the secondary is good enough to make things difficult on Wallace throwing. This is the first step in an upset.
Avoid the Back-Breaker
At this point, you almost wait for it.
When are the Vols going to make the blunder that costs them the game? It has come in all three of their losses this year. And that's not the kind of trademark any team wants to develop under a new coach.
Tennessee can keep this game close. If that's the case, the Vols simply cannot afford to make a crippling mistake. They've got to play a nearly perfect game to hang with the Rebels, and that means keeping Justin Worley's jersey clean and UT's quarterback keeping possessions spotless as well.
Blizzard has given its firmest indication to date that Diablo 3 is coming to consoles.
While lead designer Josh Mosqueira stopped short of confirming the port out right during a Gamescom press conference today, he stated that the developer "is very, very serious about bringing the Diablo 3 experience to the console."
He added that, as reported earlier this year, Blizzard is currently in the process of recruiting a team to handle a potential console version of the action RPG sequel.
"Today, we're trying to build the best console team at Blizzard. We're looking for programmers, designers, artists who think their dream job would be to bring Diablo to the console. Trust me, it is a dream job.
"All I can say is it's going to be awesome. Stay tuned."
The PC version of the game is still without a firm release date though an open beta is expected to go live before the end of September.
US media response to Trump's fascistic UN tirade ranges from complacency to concurrence
By Bill Van Auken
21 September 2017
The US corporate media has responded with what amounts to a collective yawn to the fascistic tirade by President Donald Trump at the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday. Trump's speech, delivered to an international body with institutional roots in the Nuremberg trials of the leaders of Germany's Third Reich and ostensibly dedicated to eliminating the scourge of war, was that of an unabashed war criminal.
He proclaimed before the assembled delegates that his government was “ready, willing and able” to “totally destroy” North Korea, i.e., annihilate some 25 million people. If the UN today had any remote attachment to the principles proclaimed at its foundation, Trump would have been arrested before he left the podium for advocating genocide.
No one walked out or attempted to shout down the filthy remarks of the American president. There was, however, an audible gasp in the General Assembly hall. Even among the well-heeled and well-connected delegates, Trump's rant evoked a degree of shock.
The same cannot be said for the American media, which mainly limited itself to quibbling over tactics and style, taking near universal exception to Trump's sophomoric reference to the North Korean leader as “Rocket Man” while showing no great concern over his threat to wipe an entire nation off the map.
One of the first reactions came from the Washington Post's David Ignatius, a columnist who has some of the closest connections to the US intelligence agencies. “When you discount the rhetorical overkill, the most surprising thing about President Trump's address to the United Nations on Tuesday was how conventional it was,” he wrote. “He supported human rights and democracy; he opposed rogue regimes; he espoused a global community of strong, sovereign nations. Pretty shocking stuff. It was a well-cooked pudding.”
He went on to describe the speech as one that “any president since Harry Truman probably could have delivered,” and compared it to “last week's bipartisan legislative opening to Democrats Charles E. Schumer and Nancy Pelosi.”
This is a deliberate distortion and coverup. Trump was not merely engaged in “rhetorical overkill,” he was threatening war, not only against North Korea, but also against Iran and Venezuela. What he “espoused” was a “reawakening of nations” in a speech that employed the words sovereign or sovereignty 21 times, rhetoric consciously directed to his core “base” represented by the white supremacists and neo-Nazis who took over Charlottesville, Virginia last month.
The editorial published by the Post on Wednesday had a similar take. “For those who have been alarmed by President Trump's retreat from traditional American values, there were reassuring moments Tuesday in his first address to the UN General Assembly,” it began.
This is nonsense. The “values” promoted by Trump at the UN are rooted not in American traditions but in the fascist ideologies of Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini, which have been studied and absorbed by his key aides, including policy advisor and speechwriter Stephen Miller, who no doubt crafted much of the address.
While praising Trump for coming “to the defense of the sovereignty of Ukraine and the South China Sea—that is, in the face of challenges from Russia and China,” the Post editorial expressed concern that his paean to universal nationalism could be exploited by Moscow and Beijing. Like other sections of the corporate media, the Post's main criticism of Trump has been his supposed failure to pursue a sufficiently aggressive policy toward Russia, and it is through this prism that it views his unprecedented tirade at the UN.
Unsurprisingly, the Wall Street Journal was even more laudatory, declaring in relation to the UN: “No coterie of complacency deserves candor more, and perhaps Mr. Trump's definition of ‘America First' is even evolving to recognize the necessity of American global leadership.” Like the Post, the Journal expressed a slight reservation over Trump's fixation on national sovereignty, declaring that he “defines that interest too narrowly.”
“This view of ‘sovereignty' also leaves authoritarians too much room to claim dominant spheres of influence,” the Journal wrote. “China's Xi Jingping and Vladimir Putin might both say they are exercising Trumpian sovereignty in the South China Sea and Ukraine.”
For its part, the New York Times published a hand-wringing editorial declaring that the UN “isn't the venue one would expect for threatening war” and comparing Trump's address unfavorably to the maiden UN speech delivered to great acclaim by Barack Obama, the same year he won the Nobel Peace Prize. It cited Obama's vow to “act boldly and collectively on behalf of justice and prosperity at home and abroad.”
That these words were uttered by a president whose eight-year tenure passed on a legacy of war and reaction goes unmentioned, of course. His administration oversaw bloodletting in Afghanistan and Iraq, the bombing of Libya, the war for regime-change in Syria, and support for the Saudi-led destruction of Yemen. He himself became the “drone president,” supervising the killing of thousands of civilians in Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, Libya and Afghanistan.
But, according to the Times, at the UN he exhibited superior “presidential bearing.”
It is significant that all three publications, as well as the rest of the corporate media, chose to ignore two extraordinary passages in Trump's speech to the UN. The first was his announcement that under his administration, the American military would no longer be subordinate to civilian control. “From now on,” Trump declared, “our security interests will dictate the length and scope of military operations, not arbitrary benchmarks and timetables set up by politicians.”
As the World Socialist Web Site noted: “In other words, the military will decide, not elected officials—the fundamental characteristic of a military dictatorship. That this ‘principle' is accepted by the US Congress… is a measure of the putrefaction of American democracy.”
One can add only that the silence of the media, which has almost universally embraced the cabal of generals now setting US foreign and military policy as “the adults in the room,” serves as further confirmation of this fact.
The other passage that has elicited no response from the media is Trump's denunciation of socialism and communism, as well as “those who preach the tenets of these discredited ideologies.” The fixation of the American president on the threat of socialism, 25 years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the media's universal proclamation of the failure of Marxism and triumph of capitalism, would seem to merit some analysis and commentary.
Like the ruling financial oligarchy, and the military and intelligence apparatus whose interests it serves, the major media is rattled by rising social tensions and opposition under conditions of unprecedented social inequality. It fears the growing support for socialism among broad layers of workers and youth that found its reflection in the 2016 election.
The instinct of the editors of the Post, the Journal and the Times is that the less said on this score, the better. Their misplaced hope is that censorship and blacklisting, like that directed by Google against the World Socialist Web Site, will make the problem go away. In this, they are badly mistaken.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
You have to wake up at
AM PM or, find out when to wake up if you go to bed now:
If you head to bed right now, you should try to wake up at one of the following times: A good night's sleep consists of 5-6 complete sleep cycles. It takes the average human fourteen minutes to fall asleep.
You should try to fall asleep at one of the following times: The average adult human takes fourteen minutes to fall asleep, so plan accordingly! sleepyti.me works by counting backwards in sleep cycles. Sleep cycles typically last 90 minutes. Waking up in the middle of a sleep cycle leaves you feeling tired and groggy, but waking up in between cycles lets you wake up feeling refreshed and alert!
The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER - British Columbia is attempting to crack down on money laundering at casinos with help from the province's anti-gang police agency and strategies that encourage gamblers to come without a wad of cash.
Finance Minister Mike de Jong said 22 officers with the Combined Forces Special Enforcement Unit will eventually be dedicated to investigating groups that use gaming facilities to legalize proceeds of crime.
He said Monday that police will work with the B.C. Lottery Corp. and the Gaming Policy Enforcement Branch as part of the Illegal Gaming Investigation Team.
“British Columbians that attend our casino and gaming establishments do so in the knowledge that they are participating in a lawful form of entertainment. They want to know and deserve to know that the people sitting at the tables with them are doing so on the same basis.”
A provincially funded RCMP team that targeted illegal gaming in B.C. was disbanded in 2009.
De Jong said suspicious currency transactions of $20.7 million last July led in part to the creation of a new unit, which will get 30 per cent of its funding from the federal government through the RCMP.
Government figures show that was the highest transaction between April 2015, when $11.8 million in dubious activity was recorded, and March 2016, when the figure was $7.3 million.
He said the government's anti-money laundering strategy involves developing and promoting the use of cash alternatives at gaming facilities.
“We're at a point now where it isn't really necessary for people to enter casinos with vast sums of cash,” he said. “Operators will tell you that there is still, in some cultures, the propensity to do so.”
Other strategies include restricting patrons from exchanging small bills for large currency denominations and temporarily banning people from establishments while they are being investigated.
Solicitor General Mike Morris said the Combined Forces Special Enforcement Agency already deals with money laundering and organized crime and the new team is ready to take on illegal gamblers.
“It's going to make a dent,” he said. “These folks are going to feel the brunt of this organization.”
Morris said the province's civil forfeiture program stands to benefit as proceeds of crime are seized and money is funnelled into crime prevention strategies.
Supt. Kevin Hackett of the Combined Forces Special Enforcement Unit said officers will target high-level, violent crime groups that launder money through a lucrative source of funding to further their criminal exploits.
Source: Reuters
* Seizure illegal, Gaza blockade "crime against humanity"-UN *Israel's U.N. envoy rejects chargesBy Stephanie Nebehay GENEVA, July 2 (Reuters) -A U.N. human rights investigator on Thursday called Israel's seizure of a ship carrying relief aid for the Gaza Strip "unlawful" and said its blockade of the territory constituted a "continuing crime against humanity". Israeli authorities on Tuesday intercepted the vessel, which was also carrying 21 pro-Palestinian activists, and said it would not be permitted to enter Gaza coastal waters because of security risks in the area and its existing naval blockade.Richard Falk, the United Nations special rapporteur on human rights in the Palestinian territories, said the move was part of Israel's "cruel blockade of the entire Palestinian population of Gaza" in violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention prohibiting any form of collective punishment against "an occupied people". Falk, an American expert on international law, said Israel's two-year blockade of Hamas-ruled Gaza restricted vital supplies such as food, medicine and fuel to "bare subsistence levels".The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said in a report this week that Israel was also halting entry to Gaza of building materials and spare parts needed to repair damage from its 22-day invasion late last December. "Such a pattern of continuing blockade under these conditions amounts to such a serious violation of the Geneva Conventions as to constitute a continuing crime against humanity," Falk said in a statement released in Geneva.Prior to leaving Cyprus, the ship was inspected by Cypriot authorities in response to Israeli demands to determine whether it carried any weapons, according to the U.N. investigator. "None were found and Israeli authorities were so informed." "Nonetheless, the 21 peace activists on the boat were arrested, held in captivity and have been charged with 'illegal entry' to Israel even though they had no intention of going to Israel," Falk added.ISRAEL ENVOY SAYS FALK "BIASED"Israel's ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva, Aharon Leshno-Yaar, rejected the remarks by Falk whom he said was "known for his bias against Israel and anti-Israel statements". Israel is allowing relief aid to reach Gaza in coordination with Egypt and the Palestinian Authority, Leshno-Yaar said. "Clearly the purpose of that ship was to create a buzz and serve as a propaganda vehicle against Israel," he told Reuters.Activists from the U.S.-based Free Gaza movement said that Irish Nobel peace prize laureate Mairead Maguire and former U.S. congresswoman Cynthia McKinney were among those aboard.Falk, who is Jewish, has had his own difficulties with Israeli authorities in trying to fulfil his independent mandate for the U.N. Human Rights Council. Last December, he was detained and turned back from Israel, forcing him to abort a planned mission to Gaza -- a deportation denounced by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.In a report last March, Falk said Israel's year-end military assault on the dense population coastal strip of 1.5 million appeared to constitute a grave war crime. Amnesty International said in a report on Thursday that Israel inflicted "wanton destruction" in the Gaza Strip in attacks that often targeted Palestinian civilians [IDnL2307109].A U.N. inquiry into alleged war crimes by both Israel and Hamas militants in the recent conflict held public hearings in Gaza this week and will also hear testimony in Geneva next week. It is led by former U.N. war crimes prosecutor Richard Goldstone, a South African jurist
The fascinating aspect of the environment is this unprecedented bias that somehow humankind has altered the climate. Why these scientists do not try to see if such a trend is natural and extends back before 1900 is just mind numbing. A record setting area of cold water was found in the North Atlantic, which has caused some scientists to ring the alarms. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) recently discovered this cold spot data, which is in line with our models that warn that we are in for not global warming, but a deep freeze.
The energy output of the sun is in crash mode; historically this 300-year cycle has marked the rise and fall of empires. With the invasion of people from the Middle East into Europe, there is no housing. They have filled up stadiums and most are living in tents. The winter will be very cold and many may die from exposure. Migration patterns should be south, not north. This is a serious problem from a historical perspective. This is also why we are moving our offices south. If not, the computer may leave on its own.
This trend will have a very dramatic consequence with regard to weather for Europe and North America. When the water turns cold, so does the climate. On Thursday, Washington Post reporter Chris Mooney reported a new thesis from many scientists who have pointed out a cold blob in the ocean south of Greenland and Iceland. This has confused many who focus on global warming, as the North Atlantic cold spot is not well known. The cold spot is seen below in the dark hue denoting “record coldest” temperatures.
If we just take 2015.75 and move back in time in 309.6-year intervals, we come not only to the periods when the climate turned very cold, but we also come to periods of political changes in government. The 1700s marked the start of the uprising against monarchy. The 1396 period market the beginning of capitalism with the Black Death killing about 50% of the European population. The year 777 was the start of the Saxon invasions when Charlemagne began to consolidate Europe, once again forming nation states. The previous cycle was the fall of Rome. These changes in climate have coincided with political changes. The cold climate shift places tremendous stress upon the people and starvation begins to rise.
Unfortunately, this change is not caused by man driving cars to work. We are dealing with a very serious change that is entirely natural. No amount of regulation or raising taxes, which academics and government will argue for, will reverse this trend because we did not create it. This is simply the result of a thermodynamic system we call the sun.
Update: Hawaii News Now reports that Kauai police arrested Richard Isaac Leibman on Sunday at Poipu Beach after he allegedly tried to escape by climbing a fence and repeatedly kicked an officer. He was arrested on a $10,000 bench warrant, resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, and will be charged and arraigned in court this week.
Hawaii cops are on the hunt for a man known as the "Jesus Bandit."
Kauai newspaper The Garden Island reports that Richard Isaac Leibman is wanted by police after missing a hearing at Lihue District Court on Dec. 4. Leibman, who area residents describe as the "Jesus Bandit" because of his long beard and robe, has allegedly burgled numerous homes on the island's north shore over the past four years.
Kilauea resident Leo McCarthy said he saw Leibman near Secret Beach on Kauai's north shore on Saturday, Jan. 10, but when police arrived, the spry, 140-pound Leibman scurried up a cliff and escaped.
It's not the first time Leibman has eluded police. In 2011, he allegedly burgled a house in Kekaha, but fled when police tried to arrest him the following day. He was later apprehended, but was released in July of 2013 provided that he continue mental health treatment near his family in Texas. When his mother brought him to the Lihue airport, Leibman ran away, hiding around Kauai's north shore again.
In March, 2014, Leibman was arrested on a Princeville golf course after residents told the police that he broke into their homes and took food and other personal property.
Leibman's trial for these charges was suspended when a doctor deemed Leibman unfit for trial, the office of the district attorney for Kauai County told The Huffington Post, . Leibman was then sent to a Hawaii State Hospital but absconded.
Since 2011, Leibman has been charged with first-degree burglary, second-degree theft, resisting arrest, first-degree escape and two counts of first-degree assault against a law enforcement officer. He is now wanted on a $10,000 bench warrant.
BELOIT, Wis. -- - Hundreds gathered near the intersection of Shopiere Road and Prairie Avenue in Beloit Sunday to mourn the death of five-year-old Austin Ramos, Jr., shot and killed at that same intersection Friday night.
Pastor Michael Ramsdail of Beloit's Lighthouse Fellowship Church organized the vigil, attended by family members, friends, clergy, public officials and Beloit police officers.
Ramsdail called Austin's death "senseless" and remembered a child who brought joy to many lives.
"His grandmother Martinez called him her sunshine," Ramsdail said. "Many knew him by 'Junior', and the sunshine that Junior brought to this family has been shrouded by the darkness of cold-blooded murderers."
Ramsdail used the vigil to call for an end to violence in Beloit.
"No more will we allow thugs, drug dealers and gangs to operate in our town like they used to, no more!" Ramsdail said.
Community members rallied for justice and officials urged cooperation with Beloit police, who continue to investigate the case.
"I know that someone in this community has information that will help us find justice," Beloit City Manager Lori Curtis Luther said.
Speakers at the vigil hoped something good could come out of Austin's tragic death.
"If anything good can possibly come from this, let his life create a change in our city that makes us collectively say 'no more'," Curtis Luther said.
A GoFundMe page has been set up for the Ramos family. As of Sunday night, it raised more than $15,000.
Police are looking for a maroon SUV seen leaving the shooting scene Friday night. It was described as a late 1990s or early 2000s model.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Beloit Police Department at 608-364-6800.
In spite of security guards shouting things like, "Hey! Crazy man! Get down here right now!" a 27-year-old Queens man climbed 1,350-feet (110 stories) of the World Trade Center's south tower on May 26, 1977. George Willig, a toymaker and mountain climber, had designed gear to fit in the window washers' tracks and spent 3.5 hours making his ascent. He was given three summonses and the NYPD filed a $250,000 lawsuit against him (they were "afraid we might be dealing with a new sort of adventurer's club"—hello, Philippe Petit!) but eventually was only fined $1.10 by Mayor Abraham Beame, a penny for each of the WTC's stories.
Willig's younger brother Steve was one of a few people who helped him get ready; he told Sports Illustrated, "The Port Authority cops were running around like chickens with no heads. Not one of them knew what to do. Then this guy came in and said, 'You're all under arrest,' and they had us fill out this stack of forms. Then they fingerprinted us three times each—once for the city, once for the state, and once for the FBI. After that they handcuffed Jery and Ron to a safe, and Randy and I were handcuffed to a chair. Pretty soon they deduced I was George's brother, and they asked me, 'Is George sane? Is he doing this for any political purposes? Is he going to wave signs or something? Is he doing it for a commercial reason?' I told them he was doing it for his own satisfaction, no other reason, and that he was as sane as I was, which I think confused them."
Naturally, Willig's antics drew a huge crowd of spectators. According to WNBC 4 at the time, around the 65th floor, the Port Authority sent cops down in the window washing bucket to try to get Willig—one officer, Dewitt Allen, practiced his line, "We have to stop meeting this way—my wife is going to get annoyed" on the way down—but then ultimately decided it was easier to let Willig continue his climb then try to maneuver him into the bucket.
Here are some videos from back in the day (vintage Chuck Scarborough!)—check out these photos from the Daily News, too:
The ProofPower Web Pages
ProofPower
ProofPower is a suite of tools supporting specification and proof in Higher Order Logic (HOL) and in the Z notation. The suite comprises the following packages:
PPDev - The ProofPower developer kit, mainly comprising SLRP, a parser generator for Standard ML.
PPTex - The ProofPower interface to TeX and LaTeX.
PPXpp - The X Windows/Motif front-end for ProofPower.
PPHol - The HOL specification and proof development system.
PPZed - The Z specification and proof development system.
PPDaz - The Compliance Tool for specifying and verifying Ada programs.
All the ProofPower packages except PPDaz are free, open-source, software made available under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
ProofPower has been under ongoing development since 1989. It was originally designed and implemented by International Computers Ltd. to support proofs of specification-to-model correspondence for high-assurance secure systems. It has since played an important role in approaches to specifying and verifying safety-critical systems in work by the Defence and Evaluation Research Agency (DERA), now QinetiQ. The research themes involving ProofPower that were initiated at DERA and QinetiQ are now being actively exploited by D-RisQ Limited.. Since 1997, on-going developments to the product have been undertaken by Lemma 1 Ltd. In Spring 2000, International Computers Ltd. transferred its rights in ProofPower to Lemma 1 Ltd who now maintain this web site and support and distribute the software.
The information currently available on this site comprises:
The ProofPower FAQ.
A selection of specification and proof scripts.
Instructions for getting the ProofPower software, its documentation and upgrades and fixes.
Some information about contributing to ProofPower.
Some papers written by members of the ProofPower development team.
Some examples of ProofPower in action to supplement the examples supplied with the system.
E-mail enquiries may be addressed to:
There is a mailing list for general discussion of all kinds about ProofPower.
`ProofPower' is a registered trademark of Lemma 1 Ltd.
Contents show]
Event information
Friends Chat – TBD
– TBD Location – Northeastern part of Edgeville, outside of Deathmatch entrance, World 39
– Northeastern part of Edgeville, outside of Deathmatch entrance, World 39 Date and time
UTC Pacific Mountain Central Eastern UK Europe East Aus 9:00 pm
Sat, 28 Apr 1:00 pm
Sat, 28 Apr 2:00 pm
Sat, 28 Apr 3:00 pm
Sat, 28 Apr 4:00 pm
Sat, 28 Apr 9:00 pm
Sat, 28 Apr 10:00 pm
Sat, 28 Apr 8:00 am
Sun, 29 Apr
The event is over.
Requirements: High combat is recommended
High combat is recommended Drops distribution: Rewards Shop
This is a safe activity.
If you die, you will not lose any of your items.
Deathmatch is a safe player versus player minigame that replaced the Crucible. In it, players can fight against up to 29 opponents in an arena, aiming to get as many kills as possible in 10 minutes. Regularly spawning power-ups make the battles more interesting. There are no requirements to participate in this minigame.
The minigame's lobby is an instance shard world and located on a platform above the Crucible arena, accessed through a hatch at the eastern border of Edgeville. It houses a bank chest, a prayer altar, a table with supplies, and a sign-up board used to enter games or purchase rewards. Mandrith, found in Edgeville bank, will also open the reward shop. Based on one's level and combat mode (EoC or Legacy), one may enter an ongoing battle in the arena below using the board any time, or join the queue if no battle is going on.
Gameplay
During the Deathmatch, players are teleported to an arena, and after a countdown, may attack other players. When a player dies they respawn in a bank area with a bank, a prayer altar, and supply of bandages, Deathmatch super restore flasks, and Deathmatch supreme overload salves. Players may then re-enter the arena though a crevice, which transports them to a random exit crevice with a short period of immunity. It is also possible to choose which exit the player wishes to use. Crevices may also be used to enter the bank area from which the player may leave the game at any time. No points would be awarded if a player chooses to leave the game early.
The arena contains power ups to help players in combat; these can be activated by running over them. Players can't grab power ups if they still have immunity. All power ups are lost when the player dies. Regular power ups spawn at set times at the same locations, have relatively short re-spawn times, and are active from the start of a game. These include:
Armour - large gold-trimmed power up gives 100 armour and smaller untrimmed power up provides 50 armour. Reduces damage taken from all attack styles: 0-33% damage reduction for the first 100 armour and 33-100% damage reduction for up to a maximum of 200 armour. The power up degrades based on the amount of damage prevented by it.
Healing over time - constant healing effect similar to Enhanced Excalibur's special move. It heals 10% of the player's maximum life points every 3 seconds for 45 seconds.
superpower ups are more powerful but have variable and longer respawn times (between 2.5-3.5 minutes) and are not active from the start of the game. Players are notified when a superpower up spawns. superpower ups include:
Overpowered - causes all the player's attacks to have quadruple damage for 45 seconds.
Cabbage time - replaces all food in other players' inventories into cabbage for 20 seconds. Eating cabbage does not use up the player's food and their food is returned to them after 20 seconds is up.
Chicken army - for every successful hit with the power up, a level 198 chicken spawns and attacks the opponent. The chickens ignore the combat immunity period. The chickens continue to be spawned up to a maximum of 10. The power up lasts for 45 seconds.
At the halftime, if there are more than 20 players in the arena, an essence of death will spawn in the area, informing all players. Being close to the essence fills up a bar visible above players' heads. The first player to fill their bar becomes the Supreme Hunter. Killing another player near the essence grants you half of their bar. The Supreme Hunter gains supreme weapons (Annihilation, Decimation, and Obliteration) (food or potions will be banked if the player's inventory is full) with a special attack called Supreme Defenders. This special attack requires 100% adrenaline and summons 10 souls to fight alongside the Supreme Hunter. Additionally, the Supreme Hunter receives 10% damage reduction for each soul that they have active. The souls ignore the combat immunity period.
Equipment
Rewards
At the end of the game players earn reward points depending on how well they fought. For each death the opponent dealing the most damage is awarded a kill, and those dealing damage over a threshold earn an assist. Points can be used to buy mostly untradeable rewards relevant to entry-level player killing.
Despite the notoriously difficult grammar and tongue-twisting combinations of consonants, more than half a million more foreigners worldwide are learning German than five years ago.
A survey released by Germany's Foreign Office on Tuesday showed that, for the first time in 15 years, the number of people studying German at schools, universities or Goethe Institutes has grown to more than 15.4 million people.
"The downward trend has stopped," Foreign Office Minister Maria Böhmer said.
The study "German as a foreign language worldwide" began in 1985 and is conducted every five years. It showed the number of German learners growing until a peak of 20.1 million in 2000, and then declining to about 16.7 million in 2005 and 14.7 million in 2010. According to the survey, most people (87 percent) learnt German at school. The surveys did not count people studying German individually or privately.
Growth in China, Brazil
Some 15.4 million people worldwide are studying German at school, university or with the Goethe Institute
Perhaps the most dramatic growth in the take-up of German has been in emerging economies, where according to the survey report, knowledge of the language is seen to aid opportunities for employment and business deals with Europe's biggest economy.
China has seen the numbers of people learning German more than double in the past five years, to about 170,000. Brazil has also seen a strong growth in German learners, with about 135,000 people currently studying it - about a third more than in 2010.
Poland has most German learners
About 61 percent of German students worldwide are from Europe, numbering 9.4 million people. Neighboring Poland has the greatest interest in the language, with almost 2.3 million German learners - holding steady in comparison with previous years. Nations with growing numbers of people studying German include Turkey, Serbia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Macedonia and Turkey.
However, the number of German learners has fallen in Russia - down by 800,000 from the last survey to 1.5 million. Explanations for why include population decline and changes in the educational system - it's not thought the recent tensions in the German-Russian relationship over Ukraine have played any more than a very minor role.
"This has nothing to do with the political situation," said Johannes Ebert, the secretary of the Goethe Institute which promotes the study of German worldwide.
There are about 100 million native German speakers.
se/rc (dpa, AFP, epd, Reuters)
http://gty.im/835675278
Quarterback: 2
Matthew Stafford
Jake Rudock
Brad Kaaya
Running Back: 4
Ameer Abdullah
Theo Riddick
Zach Zenner
Dwayne Washington
Matt Asiata
Tion Green
Wide Receiver: 4
Golden Tate
Marvin Jones
Kenny Golladay
TJ Jones
Jace Billingsley
Jared Abbrederis
Dez Stewart
Noel Thomas
Michael Rector
Keyshawn Martin
Dontez Ford
Tight End: 4
Eric Ebron
Darren Fells
Micheal Roberts
Cole Wick
Khari Lee
Scott Orndoff
Andrew Prince
Robert Tonyan
Tim Wright
Tackle: 5
Rick Wagner
Greg Robinson
Cyrus Kouandjio
Cornelius Lucas
Storm Norton
Nick Becton
Corey Robinson
Guard: 4
TJ Lang
Graham Glasgow
Joe Dahl
Laken Tomlinson
Brandon Thomas
Connor Bozick
Center: 1
Travis Swanson
Leo Koloamatangi
http://gty.im/835655682
Defensive End: 6
Ezekiel Ansah
Anthony Zettel
Cornelius Washington
Jeremiah Valoaga
Pat O'Connor
Alex Barrett
Giorgio Newberry
Defensive Tackle: 5
A'Shawn Robinson
Haloti Ngata
Akeem Spence
Jeremiah Ledbetter
Jordan Hill
Ego Ferguson
Linebacker: 5
Jarrad Davis
Tahir Whitehead
Antwione Williams
Jalen Reeves-Maybin
Paul Worrilow
Nick Bellore
Thurston Armbrister
Steve Longa
Cornerback: 6
Darius Slay
Nevin Lawson
DJ Hayden
Teez Tabor
Jamal Agnew
Johnson Bademosi
Quandre Diggs
Adarius Barnes
Josh Thornton
Tramain Jacobs
Safety: 4
Glover Quin
Tavon Wilson
Miles Killebrew
Don Carey
Alex Carter
Rolan Milligan
Charles Washington
Special Teams: 3
Matt Prater
Sam Martin
Don Muhlbach
Kasey Redfern
Will Not Count Against The Roster Due To Injury Or Suspension
Taylor Decker
Armonty Bryant
Khyri Thornton
Kerry Hyder
Brandon Copeland
Brandon Chubb
Mike James
Desmond Lawrence
Breakdown
Offense: 24
Matthew Stafford and Jake Rudock make the team in this mock 53 man roster, while Brad Kaaya is left out. I like Kaaya a lot, but there simply isn't room for three quarterbacks on a roster this deep. Hopefully Kaaya will make it onto the practice squad for this season.
Currently Dwayne Washington is beating out Matt Asiata for the fourth running back spot. Neither has looked great (or received great run blocking), but Washington has led the Lions in rushing yards in both preseason games. I think the Lions should opt for the younger, higher potential option in Washington. Washington also has more special teams value.
I think that the Lions should keep only four receivers along with another four tight ends. Eric Ebron is practically a receiver even though he is listed as a tight end, so this could actually be viewed as five receivers and three tight ends when looking at it that way.
There are no real surprises along the offensive line on this list. I have the Lions keeping Storm Norton as a backup at least until Taylor Decker is able to return from his injury, hopefully around mid season.
Defense: 26
I believe that the Lions should keep 11 defensive linemen (six ends and five tackles) in an effort to have a very good rotation. The Lions don't have a lot of star power on the defensive line, but they have young guys who have very high potential (Valoaga, Barrett, O'Connor and Ledbetter) and should get a chance to prove themselves this regular season.
I think the Lions will only keep five linebackers. Davis, Whitehead and Williams will be the starting three while Reeves-Maybin and Worrilow are more than capable backups who could even push for starting roles while also contributing on special teams.
The cornerbacks are the deepest group on the entire Lions team this year, so it was the hardest to decide which of them to cut. Slay, Lawson, Hayden, Tabor and Agnew all appear to be locks, so the sixth spot is really a battle between Johnson Bademosi and Quandre Diggs. Although Diggs is probably the better cornerback, I think Bademosi should get the spot for his elite special teams play.
There are no surprises at the safety position, as the four who I think should make the team all made the team last season.
Special Teams: 3
Matt Prater, Sam Martin and Don Muhlbach will be the specialists for the third consecutive season. All of them have done a great job in their time in Detroit, and there is no reason to expect that to stop any time soon. Elite special teams play was a big part of what made a winning record and making the playoffs possible last year, so these three had already earned their jobs before the preseason even began.
http://gty.im/836556656
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed it, please follow me on Twitter @lucasjwalker00, and don't forget to pay a visit to the Detroit Lions Subreddit!
Ever since Matthew McConaughey signed on to star in Born to Run, there was one key detail missing: Which character would he play?
Deb Newmyer, president of Outlaw Productions and one of the film's producers, told Runner's World Newswire that McConaughey will play the role of Caballo Blanco, a.k.a Micah True, the ultrarunner who often ran with the Tarahumara people in Mexico. He became a central character in Christopher McDougall's book Born to Run and later died on a run in New Mexico in 2012.
“As I understand, Matthew read the book and fell in love with the character,” says Newmyer. She added that they also might film on location in Copper Canyon in Mexico, but that no specifics have been set.
Caballo Blanco—translated to “white horse” in English—is an eccentric character, which seems to fit with the roles McConaughey has excelled at in recent gigs like Magic Mike, Mud, the HBO series True Detective, and Dallas Buyers Club, which he won as Oscar for last year.
Originally Peter Sarsgaard was to set to write and direct the film adaptation and, when Sarsgaard's brother-in-law Jake Gyllenhaal discussed his interest in barefoot running on the Late Show with David Letterman in 2010, rumors started flying that Gyllenhaal would star in the film.
In 2013, however, McDougall told Competitor.com that Sarsgaard's interpretation of the story “just wasn't flying.” McDougall is listed as a writer on the film, though the degree of his involvement is unclear. “I anticipate he will be on set,” Newmyer says. “We adore him and want to capture his voice as part of the process.” McDougall did not respond to multiple interview requests.
McConaughey is the only actor who has signed onto Born to Run at this stage. His IMDB.com page shows he's currently filming two movies and has another two in preproduction, indicating the movie is likely still years away.
Any runner with Hollywood aspirations may also be interested in possibly being in the film. The Born to Run film adaptation will showcase the Leadville Trail 100 and the 50-mile pursuit across the Tarahumara country and needs help filling out the fields.
“We will be looking for runners,” says Newmyer. “We won't CGI them in.”
Newmyer, who has been producing movies for more than 30 years, is a runner who puts in two miles on the treadmill three times a week. She was attracted to the story because it has “so many exotic, eccentric, driven human beings that I rarely encounter,” she says. “I wanted the world to get to meet them all.”
Melbourne Victory Championship-winning defender Matthieu Delpierre has announced his retirement from professional football.
The 35-year-old informed the playing group on Tuesday of his decision to call time on a glittering career that has spanned 17 seasons.
Delpierre will represent Victory in its final AFC Champions League group game against Gamba Osaka next week, and in the Round of 16, should the club progress that far.
"It was a difficult decision for me to make, but I believe now is the right time to finish my career," said Delpierre.
"I want to thank everyone at Melbourne Victory for making this my home for the last two years, and I will never forget the time I spent here.
"It has been an honour to represent this club.
"My teammates have been a pleasure to play with, Kevin Muscat and the coaching staff have been extremely supportive, and the Victory fans have shown me the greatest respect.
"Hopefully, I can continue to contribute in the next few weeks and help the team qualify for the next stage of the Champions League."
Delpierre, who has made 53 appearances in all competitions for Victory over the past two seasons, is widely regarded as one of the best central defenders the Hyundai A-League has seen.
He was a key member of the team that completed the 2014/15 Premiership-Championship double, despite missing a large portion of the season through injury.
Delpierre missed just one Hyundai A-League match in 2015/16 and performed at a consistently high level throughout the campaign.
"Matthieu has been a superb contributor to Melbourne Victory over the last two seasons," said Victory head coach Kevin Muscat.
"Since the day he arrived, he has demonstrated true professionalism and provided a fine example to our playing group, both on and off the pitch.
"He has been a pleasure to coach. He will be missed by everyone at the club, but definitely not forgotten.
"We wish him all the best in his retirement and congratulate him on everything he has achieved in a fine career."
Before arriving at Victory, Delpierre was most famous for his time at VfB Stuttgart in Germany, where he won the Bundesliga in 2006/07 and captained the side for three years.
He also spent five years at French club Lille and had stints at German side Hoffenheim and Holland's FC Utrecht.
Tickets for Victory's ACL home game against Gamba Osaka on Tuesday, May 3 are available by clicking here.
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
BuzzFeed fires Benny Johnson for plagiarism
BuzzFeed has fired Viral Politics Editor Benny Johnson after finding more than 40 instances of plagiarism, BuzzFeed's editor Ben Smith announced on Friday evening.
In an apology to BuzzFeed readers, Smith said the plagiarism is “a breach of our fundamental responsibility" and that editors were in the process of attaching an editor's note to every instance of plagiarism.
"Plagiarism, much less copying unchecked facts from Wikipedia or other sources, is an act of disrespect to the reader. We are deeply embarrassed and sorry to have misled you," Smith said.
In an internal memo to staff titled "What we're doing about plagiarism at BuzzFeed," Smith said Johnson's plagiarism was "not a minor slip" and that the decision to let Johnson go was not taken lightly.
"We should have caught what are now obvious differences in tone and style, and caught this very early on. We will be more vigilant in the future. We will also change our onboarding procedures to make sure that the high standards of training that come with our fellowship program extend to everyone who arrives at BuzzFeed — and particularly to those without a background in traditional journalism," Smith said in the memo.
The accusations of plagiarism started on Thursday when Gawker's J.K. Trotter reported that Johnson has "periodically lifted text from a variety of sources" — including Yahoo Answers, Wikipedia, U.S. News & World Report — "all without credit." The instances were brought to Trotter's attention by Twitter users @blippoblappo and @crushingbort.
On Thursday, Smith said BuzzFeed had corrected the instances and defended Johnson, calling him "one of the web's deeply original writers, as is clear from his body of work."
But soon after the same two Twitter users publicized six more instances in which Johnson lifted passages from sites like The New York Times, Wikipedia, The Heritage Foundation and National Review Online without attribution. BuzzFeed then launched an internal review.
In the memo to staff, Smith said the decision was not "a knee-jerk reaction." And in a nod to the type of new-media organization BuzzFeed is, Smith said that his firing is not a sign staff will be fired for a "small mistake or isolated error."
"We will always have a more forgiving attitude toward bold failures, innocent errors, and misfired jokes than more skittish old media organizations," Smith said.
Update (July 26, 11:15 a.m.)
Johnson apologized on Twitter Saturday morning:
"To the writers who were not properly attributed and anyone who ever read my byline, I am sincerely sorry," he wrote, linking to the editor's note about his termination.
Follow @politico
Hadas Gold is a reporter at Politico.
The latest Pantheon: Rise of the Fallen newsletter has quite a bit to say about the Shaman. The healing and support-oriented class is meant as a conduit for the world's past, channeling spirits of history into modern healing spells and debuffs. This is probably better than attempting to sell ancient relics as upscale decorations for your in-game breakfast nooks, although the jury is still out on that point.
If you aren't interested in reading about the class, though, you can always just keep your eyes peeled for the game's next stream to see the actual gameplay in action. The team at Visionary Realms will be showing off the Black Dagger Keep on Thursday, June 23rd, complete with exploration and perhaps just a bit of dungeon crawling. An aperitif, if you will. Take a gander at the latest newsletter for the details.
As President Obama spoke about Representative Paul Ryan's budget yesterday, Fox News broke away from the president's remarks to cover “a stunning case in South Bend, Indiana.” The story covered an indictment by the St. Joseph County prosecutor's office alleging that local Democratic officials forged signatures to get Obama, Hillary Clinton and John Edwards on the Indiana Democratic Primary ballot in 2008. “Indiana State Police investigators identified a total of 22 petitions that appeared to be faked, yet sailed through the Voter Registration Board as legitimate documents,” Fox reported. Eric Shawn, of the Fox News Voter Fraud Unit, said that a local election worker was “ordered to forge presidential petitions for Barack Obama, illegally faking the names and signatures of unsuspecting voters to put the then-Illinois senator on the presidential primary ballot.”
Number one: there's no evidence that the alleged forgeries played a decisive role in getting the Democratic candidates on the Indiana ballot in 2008 or determining the outcome of the primary or general election. [...] Number two: Indiana's voter ID law, passed in 2008 and the model for the nine states that have adopted similar laws since the 2010 election, did nothing to prevent the alleged signature fraud, nor did it stop Indiana's Republican Secretary of State, Charlie White, from committing felony voter fraud in the 2010 election. (White was sentenced to a year of home detention on felony fraud convictions.)
Always on top of the ongoing threat to representative democracy posed by Republican office-holders,Ari Berman caught a telling moment from FOX News:Of course, FOX News interrupted a speech by President Obama with a story that, however shaky it will undoubtedly prove to be, suggests that he was not legitimately elected. This indictment, as Berman notes, is already being used by conservative commentators to scream for more voter suppression laws nationally. There are a couple of problems with that, however.(Ever notice that an awful lot of the true voter fraud that occurs is done by Republicans?)
Beyond the problems Berman notes with the Republican argument, petition signatures are not votes, and there is no evidence in Indiana that rampant voter fraud occurred in 2008. Just as there is no evidence anywhere that rampant voter fraud happened in any state in 2008, or in 2004, or in 2000.
Indeed, between 2000 and 2007, there were 32,299 UFO sightings in the United States, 352 deaths caused by lightning, but only nine cases of voter impersonation, according to a great new infographic by Craiglist founder Craig Newmark.
For more of the week's news, make the jump below the fold.
Nadine Dorries is to use her belief in a two thousand year-old fairy story to bring in legislation that could prevent you from masturbating, it has emerged.
Dorries told MPs that people need proper counselling before engaging in a act that might anger her favourite invisible sky fairy.
She said, “It's all too easy to masturbate without the proper advice these days, and many masturbators fail to realise that every time you knock one out baby Jesus starts crying.”
“I want to ensure that each time someone thinks about masturbating they are forced to spend an hour talking it through with a middle-aged harridan who genuinely believes she will go to heaven if she can talk you out of it.”
Labour MP Frank Field supported the move, telling us, “We have no direct evidence that masturbation is harming anyone, but my priest seems to think it is and that's good enough for me.”
Nadine Dorries' Choice
Pro-choice organisations such as Spank Yourself Silly have spoken out against the move, insisting that religious beliefs should have no place in modern politics, or any influence over the legislative agenda.
Spokesperson Michael Williams told us, “It's my body and I'll play with it whenever I damn well please.”
“The only way Nadine Dorries is going to stop me masturbating is if she forces herself into my eye-line whilst I try and thumb one out.”
“And of course organised religion is against it – you stop a teenage boy from masturbating and it's only a few hours before a 40 year-old priest starts looking attractive.”
An ancient zircon crystal unearthed in Western Australia may hold evidence that life appeared on the planet 4.1 billion years ago, or about 300 million years earlier than previously thought, according to a team of US researchers.
Scientists from Stanford University and the University of California, Los Angeles said they recently collected some 10,000 multibillion year-old zircons in Jack Hills, Australia, including one believed to contain a carbon deposit that is 4.1 billion years old, give or take 10 million years.
"Its complete encasement in crack-free, undisturbed zircon demonstrates that it is not contamination from more recent geologic processes ... (and) may be evidence for the origin of life on Earth by 4.1 (billion years ago)," according to a paper published by the team in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on Monday.
Scientists have used the fossil record to assert that the history of life on Earth began about 3.8 billion years ago, in the form of single-celled creatures.
UPDATE: 9:30 p.m. -- A summary posted to the House Appropriations website Tuesday evening says the spending bill Congress will consider this week "prohibits both federal and local funds from being used to implement a referendum legalizing recreational marijuana use in the District."
Previously:
WASHINGTON -- Congress is looking to stifle the District of Columbia's marijuana legalization initiative, multiple sources have told The Huffington Post.
According to those sources, congressional negotiators have struck a deal to interfere with D.C.'s marijuana legalization measure. That's after nearly 70 percent of voters in the nation's capital approved Initiative 71, which was set to legalize possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use while still banning sales. The deal would allow the District to continue its marijuana decriminalization policy enacted by the D.C. Council, but would ban the city from using funds to enact legalization.
One congressional source said the deal would actually allow the initiative to take effect, while preventing the D.C. Council from passing any new laws to set up a scheme for regulating retail sales of marijuana -- something D.C. Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser (D) has said she wanted the council to do before legalization takes effect.
Democrats are rumored to be cutting a deal with Republicans "where they can save face by claiming that they protected D.C.'s marijuana decriminalization law from elimination, even if they failed to protect legalization," according to Drug Policy Alliance.
"Democrats had the opportunity to protect the will of the voters in D.C. and they have decided to cut a deal in an effort to protect decriminalization. However, 70 percent of voters support this [initiative]. It's incredibly problematic," Dr. Malik Burnett, policy manager at the Drug Policy Alliance and vice chairman of the D.C. Cannabis Campaign, told The Huffington Post. "And in light of recent events in Ferguson and New York, it is particularly disturbing that Congress would choose to overturn the will of the voters in a majority black city. D.C. voters chose to reform their marijuana laws, which have a direct impact on how communities of color interact with police. Congress is poised to undermine that."
In the runup to the November elections, the D.C. Cannabis Campaign, which was responsible for the passage of Initiative 71, emphasized to voters the racial disparities in the enforcement of marijuana policy in the district.
According to the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs, arrest statistics from 2009 to 2011 revealed that 9 out of 10 people arrested for drug offenses in Washington were black, though blacks make up just slightly more than half of the city's population. Government surveys show that blacks are no more likely than whites to use the drug.
"It's especially infuriating that Democrats would go out of their way to help Republicans block a voter-approved racial justice measure like I-71, and then pretend they're getting some concessions while they're actually giving reform opponents everything they could possibly want in this bill," said Tom Angell, chairman of Marijuana Majority.
In November, D.C. voters approved Initiative 71, which would legalize adult marijuana use, possession of up to 2 ounces and home cultivation of up to six marijuana plants for personal use. Under the measure, the sale of marijuana would remain illegal, but the D.C. Council is considering a separate bill that would allow for the regulation and taxation of marijuana sales, similar to laws on the books in Colorado and Washington state.
The ballot measure built on several recent moves to remove restrictions on marijuana in Washington. The District legalized medical marijuana in 2010, and its first medical marijuana dispensary opened last year. Earlier this year, the D.C. Council decriminalized the possession of an ounce or less of marijuana.
While supporters praised the measure as a step toward resolving the racial disparity in the District's marijuana arrest rates, some Republicans had been working toward blocking the measure for months. Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.) has vowed to put a stop to the progression of the bill in Congress.
"I would hope that the D.C. residents would turn down legalization," Harris said in August, according to Politico. "If they don't, I think that Congress will have an opportunity next year to comment on it, both through the normal authorization process or through appropriations if necessary."
Robert Capecchi, deputy director of state policies for the Marijuana Policy Project, a pro-legalization advocacy group, said it wasn't clear exactly how Congress would go about thwarting the legalization initiative. Federal lawmakers oversee how the District spends money, but the initiative isn't expected to have a cost.
"The way I read I71 the District doesn't have to spend any money in order to implement it," Capecchi said.
Four states have legalized recreational marijuana and 23 states, as well as D.C., have legalized marijuana for medical purposes. Two new government forecasts project that the two states that already have recreational marijuana laws in place, Washington and Colorado, could generate more than $800 million in revenue from marijuana sales in the next several years.
The plant remains banned by the federal government, which classifies marijuana as a Schedule I substance, along with heroin and LSD.
Harrison Browne, the only openly transgender athlete in North American team sports, plans to retire from the Buffalo Beauts of the National Women's Hockey League, after this season.
Browne will try to land a position in sports business. He will serve on the NWHL's Board of Advisors next season, specializing on inclusion.
“Harrison is leaving quite a legacy from his two years in our league,” said NWHL Commissioner Dani Rylan. “He is a pioneer for transgender rights and has been a great hockey player at every level of the game. He is going to be missed, but it's gratifying to know that Brownie is remaining a part of the NWHL family.”
The story was first disclosed in a New York Times story published Tuesday.
Browne released this statement:
“After much thought and consideration, I have made an incredibly difficult decision that this will be my final year of playing professional women's hockey. I have had a meaningful and impactful career playing the sport I cherish for the past 15 years, but it is time for me to move on and begin my career off the ice.
“First off, I want to recognize the NWHL and Dani Rylan for providing me with the opportunity to live out my dream of being a professional athlete. I'm looking forward to continuing my association with the league as an advisor. I am eternally grateful for the friendships that I have been so fortunate to form, memories created within the Buffalo community, and level of talent that I have been exposed to throughout the duration of my playing career.
“I am extremely proud and honored to be ending my career as a member of the Buffalo Beauts family. I feel indebted to my coaches (Ric Seiling, Craig Muni and Shelley Looney) and the skill set and level of expertise that they reinforced within me as player, my teammates who have unconditionally accepted me and become some of my lifelong friends, and the world-class staff behind the scenes who made every game and practice run with ease and efficiency.
“I also want to thank my parents and the sacrifices that they made throughout my childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood. Without their investment and support, I would not have had privilege of making hockey a main priority during my upbringing. Another pivotal person who has been there for me since day one is my girlfriend Carly. Thank you for always being in the stands and supporting me so perfectly.
“And last, but certainly not least, I want to acknowledge the unbelievable fans who have cheered me on, provided me with unwavering love and dedication, and allowed me to skate as my authentic self. You have made this journey memorable beyond measure.
“Cheers, Buffalo! You will be sorely missed.”
The NWHL announced its 2016-17 regular-season awards on Tuesday, and Browne was selected as one of the league's Three Stars of the Season. More than 8,000 people voted for that award. Anya Battaglino of Connecticut and Rebecca Russo of New York also were picked.
Megan Bozek of the Beauts was named the Best Defender of the 2016-17 National Women's Hockey League season. Bosek had five goals and five assists for 10 points in 16 games with the Beauts.
“Although she's known for her booming shot, Boz is much more than that,” Beauts assistant coach Craig Muni said. “She's outstanding in both ends of the ice. She's difficult to play against, controls the pace of a game, rushes at will, and quarterbacks our power play. She is a team leader whose international experiences have been invaluable to our rookie defenders.”
Brianna Decker of Boston was selected as the league's MVP for the second straight year.
Kelsey Neumann of the Beauts was given a NWHL Foundation Award for growing the game and improving hockey cuture.
The NWHL's playoffs will be held this weekend. Buffalo will play the New York Riveters in Newark, N.J. on Friday night. The winner moves to Sunday's championship game.
Fellow DeKalb County officer also seriously wounded after police entered home on suspicious activity call without knowing correct address and opened fire
Police officers who arrived at the wrong metro Atlanta home after a report of suspicious activity shot the man who lives there, killed his dog and “likely” shot a fellow officer, leaving him seriously wounded, authorities said Tuesday.
Christopher McKinley ran bleeding outside where a neighbor heard him asking, “Why did they come in my house? Why did they shoot me? Why did they shoot my dog?”
The incident began when DeKalb County police received a report of a possible burglary at a one-story residence near an intersection in southeast Atlanta. Lacking an exact address, the officers were sent in the dark to a neighborhood where many of the single-story homes look similar.
Three officers found a home they thought matched a description provided by a 911 caller, but were unable to make contact with anyone inside, according to a statement from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. They entered the home through an unlocked rear door and two officers fired their guns at a dog, killing it.
Georgia teenager dies after being shot with stun gun by police Read more
McKinley, 36, was also shot in the leg by police, GBI officials said. Officer Travis Jones was shot in the hip and listed in serious condition at Grady Memorial Hospital. The GBI released the names of the two wounded men Tuesday evening.
“Early investigation indicates that the injured officer was likely shot accidently by one of the other officers on the scene,” GBI officials said in a statement.
However, GBI spokesman Scott Dutton said it was too early to determine exactly who fired the gunshots. Dutton said he did not know if anyone in the home was armed besides the police. GBI officials said there is no evidence residents there had committed any crimes.
McKinley returned home early Tuesday, limping and wearing hospital scrubs, but declined to comment.
Tama Colson, who lives two doors down from the home where the shooting erupted, said she was coming home from a walk when she saw police cars speed past and soon heard a series of gunshots.
Colson told The Associated Press that as she rounded the corner, she saw her wounded neighbor and his wife fleeing their home. McKinley's wife was screaming, Colson said, and he was yelling: “They shot me and they shot my dog!”
Colson said her neighbor had a bullet wound a couple of inches above his right knee.
She said she knelt beside him in the yard and used a shirt to staunch the bleeding as he told her what happened.
“He told me they were in the house watching television when they heard something in the backyard,” Colson said. “The husband gets up to check, opens the door and he just sees shooting. He gets hit and his dog is dead.”
She said police never questioned McKinley while she was there helping him.
Derek Perez told The AP that he reported the suspicious person, but at a different house than the one police entered. He said he was walking his dog when he saw a man knock on a neighbor's door and then just stand in the yard. He said he then heard a loud noise, a dog barking and didn't see the man anymore. There had been break-ins in the neighborhood recently, so he called 911, he said.
Bob Gilman, who lives nearby, said he heard police sirens Monday night, went outside and saw his neighbor sitting on the driveway, wounded. Gilman said police officers escorted him away before he could ask what had happened. He was stunned that officers had opened fire.
“If they say they had the wrong address, that's very frightening,” Gilman said.
The wounded man's dog, a brindle boxer, was large, playful and would run up to people. Gilman said the dog never attacked others. The wounded man's home had been hit by previous break-ins, and the man told Gilman that he owned a shotgun and a handgun.
DeKalb County police chief Cedric Alexander said his agency would normally investigate a non-fatal shooting. But given the complicated circumstances, he said he asked the GBI to lead the probe involving his own officers' actions.
Alexander acknowledged Monday night that DeKalb officers responded to the wrong home. All three officers — identified by the GBI as Jones, Quhanna Lloyd and Timothy Harden — have been placed on administrative leave.
Police officers have mistakenly forced their way inside homes before in Atlanta, at least once with deadly consequences.
In 2006, Atlanta police officers killed a 92-year-old woman during a botched drug raid at her house.
An earthquake has been recorded in western Scotland.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) said the 3.5-magnitude quake struck in Glenuig, 25 miles (40km) west of Fort William in the Highlands at about 0600 GMT.
People in Inverness, Skye and Oban, reported feeling tremors, which were experienced across the west Highlands.
The BGS said such an earthquake might be felt up to 120km (74 miles) away but was unlikely to cause much damage.
It comes two weeks after residents in the North Yorkshire town of Ripon experienced a quake of a similar size on 4 January.
The Highland quake follows a seismic event of a magnitude of 3.4 detected at Glenfinnan in October 2008.
Seismologist Davie Galloway said the UK tended to experience such quakes, on average, about once a year.
He said: "This quake was recorded on our instruments in Wales and in Shetland but it was actually felt by people 120km away in Inverness.
"We had a few calls from people who said they felt a vibration in their beds and also from people who said their cats were going mad."
Mr Galloway said the quake originated from 16km below the ground.
He added: "Britain is criss-crossed by many geological faults but fortunately we are some distance away from the plate edges where most activity is experienced."
St. Louis' city government was due for a change no matter who prevailed in the April 4 election because incumbents in the Board of Aldermen and mayor's office chose not to run for re-election. That paved the way for seven newbies, who bring to the table different backgrounds, ideologies and life experiences, to be sworn on Tuesday afternoon.
More than 300,000 people in St. Louis will depend on them to work with more experienced elected officials through the city's vexing challenges: fighting violent crime, building trust between police and African-American residents and enticing development in north and south St. Louis.
So, before the pomp and circumstance, here's a glimpse of the newest officeholders:
St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson
How she got here: After winning March's seven-way Democratic primary by fewer than 1,000 votes, Krewson defeated Republican Andrew Jones and several minor party and independent candidates to capture the mayor's office. She'll succeed Mayor Francis Slay, who declined to run for re-election.
Winning by losing: Krewson has been easily re-elected since 1997 to the 28th Ward, which takes in parts of the Central West End and Skinker Debaliviere neighborhoods. But she unsuccessfully challenged Board of Aldermen President Jim Shrewsbury in 2003, a race she says was critical to helping her mayoral bid.
Main priorities: She wants to find more money for the St. Louis Police Department — and hire more than 100 new officers. That may be challenging, especially after St. Louis County voters approved a sales tax increase that will increase the pay disparity between the city's officers and the county's officers.
Route 63: St. Louis' first woman mayor is a native of Moberly, making her arguably the most prominent politician from the Randolph County town since former House Speaker Steve Gaw.
Alderman Brandon Bosley
How he got here: Bosley narrowly won a six-way primary to represent the 3rd Ward, which takes in seven north St. Louis neighborhoods, including College Hill and Hyde Park.
Politics in his blood: Bosley is succeeding his father, Freeman Bosley Sr. His half-brother, Freeman Bosley Jr., served as mayor in the 1990s, while his mother, Lucinda Frazier, is the 3rd Ward's committeewoman.
Main priorities: The ward has struggled for years with poverty, high crime rates and vacant buildings. Bosley said he wants to foster a sense of community so that residents can find consensus into dealing with those longstanding problems.
Key quote: “When it comes down to us asking for things, when it comes down to us working with the city and the state, they must first see that we are really working with ourselves to get things done.”
Alderman Dan Guenther
How he got here: Guenther easily defeated incumbent Alderman Ken Ortmann in March's Democratic primary. He will represent the 9th Ward, a southeast slice of the city that includes the Benton Park, Soulard and Mount Pleasant neighborhoods.
Green thumb: Guenther initially rehabbed buildings, but switched his professional focus to sustainability after the 2009 recession. Before running for office, he worked for a beautification group known as Operation Brightside.
Main priorities: Among other things, Guenther wants to expand MetroLink, build relationships between police and African-Americans and overhaul development tax incentives. He also wants to make the city's parks and gardens more attractive to residents.
Dynamic duo: Because their boundaries are so close, aldermen in the 9th and 20th wards often have shared interests and problems. So it may be a boon that Guenther and 20th Ward Alderman Cara Spencer are political allies. Both represent the Cherokee Street business district, which has become an increasingly popular epicenter for the arts, music and Latino culture.
Alderman Sarah Martin
How she got here: Martin won a three-way March primary to represent the southeast St. Louis-based 11th Ward, which takes in parts of the Carondelet and Holly Hills neighborhoods.
From the state to the city: Martin works for Gateway Government Relations, a lobbying firm. She's also been active for years in helping Democratic candidates and causes, such as Columbia Democrat Mary Still's successful bid for the Missouri House in 2008.
Main priority: Gov. Jay Nixon appointed Martin to the state's human-trafficking task force, which she said made her familiar with prostitution around the 11th Ward. She also wants to see more business development on South Broadway.
Next door: Martin is succeeding Alderman Tom Villa, whose family represented the 11th Ward for decades. She won't have to go that far to ask for aldermanic advice, as Villa's family lives next door to Martin and her husband, Democratic state Sen. Jake Hummel.
Alderman Tom Oldenburg
How he got here: Former 16th Ward Alderman Donna Baringer vacated the southwest St. Louis-based seat when she became a state representative. Oldenburg defeated former Democratic state Rep. Michele Kratky in an expensive primary — and went onto to beat Republican Abigail Niebling in the general election.
To the bank: Oldenburg has worked at U.S. Bank since 2007, where he's responsible for handling new-market tax credits and historic tax credits throughout the country. Those are critical development incentives, especially for rehabbing older buildings.
Main priorities: In addition to making the Hampton Avenue business district more attractive for residents and visitors, Oldenburg wants to help chart a citywide economic development strategy.
Born to run: Because Oldenburg is finishing out Baringer's unexpired term, he'll have to run for the seat again in 2019.
Alderman John Collins-Muhammad
How he got here: After Alderman Antonio French vacated his seat to run for mayor, Collins-Muhammad won a close three-way Democratic primary. He'll represent the 21st Ward, which takes in the College Hill, Kingsway East, North Riverfront, O'Fallon and Penrose neighborhoods.
Try, try again: Collins-Muhammad fell short in his first bid for public office last year, losing to state Rep. Steven Roberts Jr., to represent the 77th House District. Like Krewson, political defeat gave him insight into how to run his next campaign more smoothly. (He also was thriftier, spending roughly $1,700 to capture the seat.)
Main priority: Collins-Muhammad said he wants “to make north St. Louis just as appealing as the Central West End,” and to do that, he'd like to “redo the Natural Bridge corridor.” He adds that there needs to be a focus on forging better relationships between African-Americans and law enforcement, as opposed to hiring more police officers.
Youth movement: At 25, he's one of the youngest ever to serve on the Board.
Alderman Pamela Boyd
How she got here: Boyd won a three-way Democratic primary to represent the 27th Ward, which takes in northwest St. Louis neighborhoods like Baden and Walnut Park.
Besting the Carter Family: Boyd spent the past few years battling the Carter political family at the ballot box. She lost a bitter contest to Alderman Chris Carter in 2013, but after he declined to run again, Boyd bested Keena Carter last month.
Main priorities: In addition to tackling crime in the 27th Ward, Boyd wants to clean up derelict homes and unsightly alleys. She also wants to attract more businesses..
Call the committee: Boyd served as the ward's Democratic committeewoman for a number of years. Several members of the board, including Sharon Tyus, Tammika Hubbard and Beth Murphy, served on the Democratic Central Committee, which is tasked with stoking party turnout through the city.
St. Louis Public Radio reporters Jo Mannies and Rachel Lippmann contributed to this report.
On the Trail, a weekly column, weaves together some of the intriguing threads from the world of Missouri politics.
Follow Jason on Twitter: @jrosenbaum
A small room with a whiteboard is filled with 20 people from all over the world. Africans, Asians, South Americans are slowly repeating Polish phrases.
For some many of the sounds are almost impossible to pronounce. But learning the language is a gateway to a better life.
A Polish lesson at the Foundation for Somalia in Warsaw (Photo: Foundation for Somalia)
In the Foundation for Somalia, in Warsaw, there are currently seven groups of free language courses. In each group there are 20 people. More than 200 people are on the waiting list.
Hamdi came to Poland a year ago with his young Polish wife whom he met in Egypt, his country of origin.
They fell in love, got married and quickly decided to move to Poland, a more stable and secure option than Hamdi's homeland.
It took the Polish authorities a long time to recognise his marriage and grant him a residence permit.
“I felt like I bought her on the market and forced her to marry me. I was treated with a lot of suspicion,” Hamdi recalls.
After half a year he managed to get a job in a travel agency, largely because he speaks Arabic. But he doesn't feel accepted at work.
“People look at me strangely like I'm bothering them. It's because of my religion, my skin colour plus some think I'm taking away somebody else's job,” he says with bitterness.
But he wants to stay in Poland for the sake of his wife. “She wouldn't find herself in a Arabic country. So this is our place,” he says.
Homogenous society
Poland is a relatively homogenous country. With over 38 million inhabitants, it has only 175,000 refugees. Around 5,400 of them are of African origin.
For every 1,000 inhabitants, six percent are migrants. This puts the country at 17th place among the 28 EU member states.
According to a 2013 study by the Centre for Research on Prejudice at Warsaw University, 69 percent of Poles do not want non-white people living in their country.
Research commissioned by the “Africa another way” foundation, an NGO, found that over a third of Poles (36%) believe there are too many migrants – it is a view held mostly by people from large cities, the elderly and those with a lower level of education.
Almost two third of respondents believe that Poland can't afford to have migrants while every fourth interviewee thinks that immigrants do not benefit society.
The attitude toward migrants is widely associated with the fear of radical Islam: Sixty percent of respondents believe that newcomers pose a terrorist threat to the society.
Thirty-nine percent of those asked think that the culture and lifestyle of those of African origin is of less value than those of European origin.
“The most xenophobic attitudes are strong among 11% of respondents. They all share the above-mentioned beliefs plus they would never want to see their children marrying a person of African origin. This is pure racism,” says Mamadou Diouf from “Africa another way”.
No to immigration
These attitudes have meant that Poland has been among those EU governments holding out on European Commission plans to resettle 40,000 asylum seekers based in Italy and Greece and another 20,000 refugees from outside Europe.
Poland is set to take 2,000 immigrants, fewer than the 3,600 migrants the commission had slated the country to take based on criteria such as GDP and population.
The number may change on Monday (20 July) when EU justice ministers are due to discuss the issue in Brussels.
“The final number will depend on what other countries offer,” says Małgorzata Woźniak, a spokesperson for the interior ministry.
Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz, for her part, has declared her solidarity with asylum seekers but said Poland does not have enough resources to take more migrants. She also highlighted that Warsaw fears a wave of immigration from conflict-ridden Ukraine.
According to Eurostat, out of the 2,732 applications Poland received last year, 73 percent were rejected. Other EU countries – such as Hungary, Croatia, Luxembourg, Greece, France, Portugal and Latvia – have a higher rejection rate.
Sweden had the most applications as a proportion of its population, with 8,432 applications for every one million inhabitants.
Barbara Kudrycka, a Polish MEP, notes that Poland cannot ignore immigration.
"Polish migration policy will face a major challenge,” she told this website, referring to the upward trend in migration numbers.
"What is very important is how refugees are perceived and accepted by local communities. If they are rejected, they will start building their own ghettos and this will further deepen isolation and separation.
"It is important that asylum seekers will develop a sense of belonging, respect for our culture and a strong will of language learning.”
Every-day racism
A group of Africa-origin people interviewed by the ‘Africa the other way' NGO had all experienced racism, including insults and physical attacks on the street.
The attitudes make it difficult to get a job and therefore a proper foothold in society.
"African immigrants in Poland are employed under two informal conditions: Either they really have rare skills that are competitive on the market – like not popular languages - or they are willing to do jobs nobody else wants,” says Magdalena Rosada, a volunteer at the Foundation for Somalia, which offers free language courses, career counselling and legal advice to migrants.
"That's why in Warsaw a majority of Cameroonians works as dish-washers in cheap bars,” she notes.
Meanwhile migrants are entitled to some benefits – but the system is not overly generous.
"There are two stages of financial support for refugees - before and after receiving the asylum status," MEP Kudrycka explains.
Assistance is provided for the duration of the asylum procedure (six months) and two months after its completion. Limited financial support is then offered through individual integration programmes. Refugees are, however, covered by national health insurance.
"This is very little. Fortunately, many immigrants who come to Poland do not need extensive financial support," says Rosada.
"In many cases they have been preparing themselves to leave their country of origin for some time so they had gathered funds to sustain themselves. This image of benefit seeking immigrants is a part of a harmful stereotype,” she adds.
SAN ANTONIO SPURS VS. MIAMI HEAT
When: Wednesday, 8 p.m.
Where: AmericanAirlines Arena, Miami
TV/Radio: Fox Sports Sun, ESPN/WAXY 790AM, WAQI 710AM (Spanish)
Records: San Antonio 3-0, Miami 2-1
STARTING LINEUPS
Spurs
F: Kyle Anderson
F: LaMarcus Aldridge
C: Pau Gasol
G: Danny Green
G: Dejounte Murray
Heat
F: Josh Richardson
F: James Johnson
C: Bam Adebayo
G: Dion Waiters
G: Goran Dragic
Scouting report: Heat center Hassan Whiteside will miss his third consecutive game with a bone bruise in his left knee, and wing Rodney McGruder is out indefinitely after left tibia surgery. Point guard Goran Dragic will play despite a right thigh bruise, and shooting guard Dion Waiters will play despite lingering left ankle soreness. … The Spurs will also be shorthanded, as All-Star forward Kawhi Leonard (right quadriceps tendinopathy), point guard Tony Parker (left quadriceps tendon surgery) and forward Joffrey Lauvergne (sprained right ankle) will miss the contest. … The Spurs have won seven consecutive regular-season matchups with the Heat, a streak that began in the 2013-14 season. … Seven Heat players are averaging double-digit points this season, led by Whiteside (26.0 ppg). Dragic is second with 19.7 points per game … Kelly Olynyk leads the Heat with four charges taken this season, which is three more than any other player on the roster … The Heat's paint defense has been subpar to start the year, as they entered Tuesday's slate of games allowing the third-most paint points in the NBA at 52.0 per game. Meanwhile, San Antonio is attempting the second-most shots from within the restricted area this season at 35.7 per game. … San Antonio is 12-1 when Aldridge records 25+ points and 10+ rebounds in a game. Aldridge is averaging 24.3 points and 9.3 rebounds this season.
[Heat 3-point specialist Wayne Ellington has a shadow, and it's rookie Matt Williams Jr.]
[Finally healthy, Josh Richardson says: ‘I want to dunk on everybody now']
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
Sidecar, the on-demand car service that was supposed to compete with Lyft and Uber, is shutting down at the end of this year, Sidecar CEO Sunil Paul wrote on Medium. In August, Sidecar basically threw in the towel on ride sharing and put a lot of effort into delivery services, with most of the company focusing on delivery-related services. But it looks like that didn't work, either. On December 31 at 2pm PT, Sidecar will officially stop offering rides and deliveries.
Although this is the end of rides and deliveries, Sidecar apparently isn't totally done. Instead, the team will “work on strategic alternatives and lay the groundwork for the next big thing,” Paul wrote. He added, “it's by no means the end of the journey for the company.”
Paul also noted that Sidecar had a “significant capital disadvantage.” It's true. Lyft has raised $1.26 billion and Uber has raised over $10 billion. Sidecar has only raised $35 million in funding from Avalon Ventures, SV Angel, Union Square Ventures, and several others.
Last September, USV partner Fred Wilson wrote about doubling down on the firm's investment in Sidecar. At the time, he was “very excited by the potential of Shared Rides,” a product that Sidecar had recently launched at the time. In February, Wilson wrote about Sidecar's move into deliveries. He seemed optimistic that Sidecar's new innovation, which he dubbed “People plus packages,” was a smart move.
When asked for comment on Sidecar shutting down its rides and deliveries service, Wilson said, “I am really excited about the team and what is next for them,” he wrote in an email today to TechCrunch.
Pin Reddit Yum Flip 1.7K Shares
Savory Dae Ji Bulgogi Korean Spicy Pork cooks up flavorful and tender from your Instant Pot or Pressure cooker for a great low carb keto spicy pork dinner. Wrap up the meat in lettuce leaves and enjoy the crunchy, spicy goodness.
It's probably heresy to make Dae Ji Bulgogi in a pressure cooker. In fact, when you think that Bulgogi means Fire Meat or Grilled meat, you have to wonder what I am up to with this heretical dish.
Let me just say–try it before you knock it.
I love grilled meat as much as the next girl. But there is something about making this meat in the pressure cooker first, and then caramelizing it, that makes for the most tender little morsels of umami goodness you have ever had.
Pressure cooking makes the meat tender, it makes the dish almost entirely hands-off, and it infuses beautiful flavor well into the meat in a way that grilling doesn't–and you can do this in the dead of winter without stepping outside.
What's not to love?
DO I REALLY NEED TO FOLLOW THE FINISHING STEPS AND DIRTY ONE MORE PAN TO MAKE THIS DAE JI BULGOGI??
Listen, if I tell you to do something that is a) extra work and b) extra dishwashing, you have to know there's a good reason for it.
You must know by now how lazy/efficient I am, but also that I test everything I post.
Now I will tell you, while you could eat this straight out of the pressure cooker–this dish is ENTIRELY elevated in those 8 minutes you're going to spend pan-searing and caramelizing it. it is out of this world good when you just go that extra step.
I should know. I tried (lots of) it both ways.
EQUIPMENT YOU MAY NEED TO MAKE THIS INSTANT POT PRESSURE COOKER KETO DAE JI BULGOGI:
★ Did you make this recipe? Don't forget to give it a star rating below! Just click on the stars in the recipe card to rate.
4.68 from 40 votes Print Pressure Cooker Dae Ji bulgogi Korean Spicy Pork Prep Time 10 mins Cook Time 30 mins Total Time 40 mins Savory dae ji bulgogi cooks up flavorful and tender from your Instant Pot or Pressure cooker for a great low carb keto spicy pork dinner. Wrap up the meat in lettuce leaves and enjoy the crunchy, spicy goodness. Course: Main Course Cuisine: Korean Dietary Consideration: Dairy-Free, Gluten-Free, High Fat, High Protein, Low Carb Cooking Style: Grill, Instant Pot/Pressure Cooker, Stove Top Ease of Cooking: Pour and Cook, Under 30 Mins Recipe Type: Pork, Pressure Cooker Servings : 4 Calories : 189 kcal Ingredients For Marinating and Cooking 1 lb pork shoulder cut into short 1/4-1/2 inch slices
1 onion sliced thin
1 tablespoon minced ginger
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice wine
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 packets Splenda
2 tablespoons gochujang
1/4-1 teaspoon cayenne or gochugaru
1/4 cup water For Finishing 1 onion sliced thin
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
1/4 cup sliced green onions US Customary - Metric Instructions In the inner liner of your Instant Pot or Pressure Cooker, mix up all the marinating and cooking ingredients. Allow this to sit for at least an hour if possible, and up to 24 hours if you need to. Cook at high pressure for 20 minutes and let it release pressure naturally for 10 minutes. When 10 minutes are up, release all remaining pressure. When you open the pot, you will see the well-cooked meat and some very yummy-looking sauce. Heat up a wide cast iron pan or some other pan that will get very hot. To this hot pan, add the pork cubes, and the thinly sliced onion. Let this get hot and then pour in 1/4 to 1/2 cup of the sauce. If you have the heat up high enough this sauce will start to sizzle and caramelize quickly. Mix well with the pork. You're trying to get this sauce to evaporate, leaving behind it's tasty goodness onto the meat. Once the sauce has evaporated and the onions have softened, sprinkle with sesame seeds and green onions, and serve. You can use the rest of the sauce from your pressure cooker to serve on the side. Recipe Notes Substitutes: If you do not eat pork, use beef sirloin or chicken thighs. For chicken, leave the thighs whole, cook for 10 minutes under pressure and then cut up later. There is no substitute for gochujang in this recipe. if you buy it, however, I have several gochujang recipes that use this tasty goodness. It keeps well for months in the refrigerator. If you are GF, use this brand of GF gojuchang, as some varieties do contain wheat. You can sub 1 tablespoon of agave nectar or honey for the Splenda
Serving suggestions: wrap in lettuce leaves for low carb, or serve over rice. Nutrition facts per serving 189kcal | Fat: 9g | Saturated fat: 2g | Carbohydrates: 9g | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 3g | Protein: 15g 189kcal | Fat: 9g | Saturated fat: 2g | Carbohydrates: 9g | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 3g | Protein: 15g I am not a registered dietician or nutritionist. Nutritional information is provided a courtesy, and can vary depending on the exact ingredients you use.
Don't forget to check out my Instant Pot Fast & Easy Cookbook!
This book is full of all kinds of boldly flavored and internationally-themed recipes—Mexican, Thai, Moroccan, and more—with Instant Pot Fast & Easy, fully authorized by Instant Pot. Just like you have come to expect, my recipes will work perfectly every time, and of course taste great too. And because these are Instant Pot recipes, dishes like Japanese Chicken Curry, Chinese Steamed Ribs, and Mexican Pulled Pork are ready in a fraction of the time they would take using traditional cooking methods. As with all of my recipes, the focus is on whole foods instead of artificial convenience ingredients, so the recipes are delicious, easy, and healthful too.
Cheatgrass could vie for the title of the most successful invasive species in North America. The weed lives in every state, and is the dominant plant on more than 154,000 square miles of the West, by one estimate. When it turns green in the spring, “you can actually see it from space,” said Bethany Bradley, an assistant professor at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, who studies biogeography, the spatial distribution of species.
The sins of cheatgrass are many. Its tenacious seeds lodge in the eyes and gums of livestock (not to mention the ears of pets and the socks of hikers). Even a moderate infestation in a wheat field can reduce yields by up to half.
Its profusion is a big reason today's Western fires burn more land, more frequently and with more ferocity than in the past, scientists say. Unlike well-spaced native bunchgrasses, cheatgrass — its scientific name is Bromus tectorum, or downy brome — crowds tightly together and then dies early each summer to form dense mats of tinder.
After fires, cheatgrass thrives even as native flora struggle to return.
After more than a half-century of largely failed efforts to thwart the Sherman's march of cheatgrass, a researcher may have a powerful new weapon against it.
A Quebec City restaurant's initiative to offer leftovers from customers' plates to people otherwise going hungry has prompted a visit by provincial food safety inspectors.
Soupe & Cie, a restaurant in the provincial capital's Limoilou neighbourhood, set up a refrigerator outside the establishment in December.
Restaurant owner François Bouchard and his staff have been inviting customers to put their uneaten portions in containers the restaurant provides and place them in the fridge for whoever wants them.
"The people who dare to go into the refrigerator: first, they are very hungry. If they are at that point, it's like eating out of the garbage, essentially," he said.
Bouchard, whose restaurant sells a variety of soups, tacos and tartares, said the majority of his customers do not finish their meal.
The restaurant serves soups, tacos and tartares. The majority of customers don't finish their food, owner François Bouchard says. (Radio-Canada.)
Surprise visit from MAPAQ
The practice led to an anonymous complaint to the Quebec Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (MAPAQ), which sent food inspectors to Soupe & Cie last Monday.
Soupe & Cie owner François Bouchard says the people who take food from his outdoor fridge are truly hungry. (Radio-Canada.)
The ministry had said that while there is no permit required nor specific regulations surrounding food donations, donors still need to take the necessary steps to make sure they are not putting people's health at risk.
After an investigation, the ministry told the restaurant on Wednesday that the fridge could stay.
"MAPAQ supports initiatives to curb food waste and is following this growing community movement with interest," wrote spokesperson Yohan Dallaire Boily.
Food is fine, says owner
"Who would complain about this?" asked Bouchard. "I don't understand that."
He said originally, food inspectors might have been concerned that customers could contaminate their uneaten leftovers with viruses, such as those that cause gastroenteritis.
However, he argues, viruses can be anywhere.
"You can catch a virus on a doorknob. You can catch it on money," he said. He acknowledged he personally wouldn't eat leftovers from the fridge, "but if I were really hungry, I might need to take the risk one day."
Bouchard says clients are already asked to put a date on their closed containers before dropping off the donation.
Beyond that, he said, he would be prepared to put up a sign warning people to eat at their own risk.
Staff at Soupe & Cie provide containers for customers to put their leftovers in. (Radio-Canada)
Food-sharing fridges on the rise
Food-sharing fridges have also been popping up in Montreal. After a resident put one out in Rosemont, a larger-scale initiative called BonApp began placing drop-off points around the city, inviting people to bring by their unpeeled fruits and vegetables and unopened packaged food. BonApp feeds on zero waste movement with community fridge network
As for Soupe & Cie's fridge, Bouchard says it's been popular since the day it was set outside.
"We even had a woman go so far as to come inside the restaurant and hug us, to thank us for doing this. She told us she had eaten until she was full," he said.
Jimmy Bolduc has been turning to the refrigerator for food on a regular basis.
"Over Christmas time, there was a ton of stuff in there," he said. "It really helps a lot. Leftover soup and all that, it's not gross."
An environmental engineer by trade, Paul Olsen has spent the last few decades helping people understand how rising seas threaten the places we live — even in a state that hardly thinks of itself as coastal.
“I still use Tangier as my closer,” Olsen says of one of Virginia's most notable sinking islands in the Chesapeake Bay, which is home to a historic community of oystermen and helps illustrate his point: rising waters aren't just a fear for the future. “It scares the hell out of people.”
If that doesn't do the trick, Olsen invokes the memory of Holland Island, home to a thriving fishing community for a century until its last house succumbed to the bay in 2010.
“They failed to adapt, retreat or defend,” says Olsen who, after almost 30 years with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, is helping Virginia navigate rising seas as a program director at the state's Old Dominion University. “Those are the three choices with sea-level rise.”
In San Francisco's Bay Area, landscape architect Kristina Hill agrees on the options water-threatened communities must consider — but she might disagree on which ones are worth shoring up.
“I actually think what's going to happen is we're going to withdraw from a lot of places where there are small towns and vacation homes, because they won't have the capital to do big projects,” says Hill, an associate professor at the University of California-Berkeley. The towns that need saving on Chesapeake Bay islands are smaller villages with populations of less than 300. According to Hill, moving earth to protect those towns isn't the best use of public funds.
But for population centers like San Francisco, New York City, New Orleans and Norfolk, Virginia, she adds, architects are looking to adapt their structures, “to keep developing in a way that is ready for sea-level rise.”
Somewhere between retreating and building a giant wall to keep the waters at bay is a middle ground that acknowledges inevitably higher waters or periodically devastating storms — and builds with them in mind. In American cities dealing with rising seas, sinking landscapes and increasingly intense squalls, “transitional architecture” is one way to inhabit the treasured coastlines as long as possible.
The approach is already being implemented in parts of Europe where shutting water out isn't an option for port cities that rely on shipping traffic.
In the Netherlands' port city of Rotterdam, architects have begun building ultramodern homes on pilings in ponds. Rather than displacing water with new construction and exacerbating flooding, the new homes are accessible by earthen berms that create a honeycomb-like pattern of water-absorbing ponds.
And in HafenCity, a riverside district in Hamburg, Germany, the city is recruiting residents to modern apartment buildings, even though they are built outside the protection of the city's main dike that prevents flooding. Instead of shielding the buildings from storm surges, architects designed them with parking garages on the first floors. Elsewhere in the city, they placed costly assets like metro stops on higher levels. Parks feature few trees and sturdy playgrounds built to withstand gushes of water during heavy rains.
“They call this ‘tiered development,' because it's set up in vertical layers,” Hill explains. “There's a layer that can be flooded, one that's protected and only in a huge emergency would be flooded and then a layer that would never be flooded.”
Though such water-minded cities look futuristic, the concept of structures built to withstand intermittent flooding isn't new. David Waggonner, president of New Orleans-based Waggonner & Ball Architects, says that's how residents of the Bayou used to build their homes, too. When the Mississippi River swelled beyond its banks, antebellum houses perched on brick pillars remained.
“Maybe it rained hard, but if it was masonry at the bottom and your principal living areas were above that, you could live on,” Waggonner says of the way things were. “You can learn a lot from the past, the way people built.”
Once builders, looking to populate the area quickly with new homes, moved from raised masonry to steel rods and sheetrock, “flooding became a bigger problem.”
In response to the devastation of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, New Orleans and the federal government built an even bigger floodwall to defend the city for the next 100 years. But Waggonner says residents still would be wise to have a backup solution by building in a way that makes room for water or expects to take some into a ground level.
That's the way homes were built before the advent of flood insurance, he says. Buildings perched on posts expected the waters to rise periodically. Residents used curved roofs and cisterns to store their rainwater locally for use after the storm.
“You need to know where you're building, what the landscape is and has been,” says Waggonner. Otherwise, “you're working against it.”
Cities in tidal areas and near flood-prone tributaries need to make room for rising water in ways both new and old if they want to continue living there, says Hill. That's the essence of transitional architecture.
She sees solutions like New Orleans' floodwall as “a dumbing down of the human ability to track and respond,” — blocking out water in a way that keeps it out of sight and mind until the next hurricane — and prefers solutions that encourage cities to work within their natural settings like those in HafenCity and Rotterdam.
Hill says many American cities will require a mix of defensive and adaptive structures to endure higher waters. One natural line of defense in a city's arsenal is its wetlands.
In San Francisco's Bay Area, wetlands are a subject of debate. Some argue that the development and highways that have filled them in over the years should be removed, returning marshes to their natural state.
Wetland restoration projects in northern parts of the Bay Area already have returned thousands of acres of former industrial salt ponds to marsh habitat. But imagine San Francisco's iconic coastline highway giving way to lush bay grasses and fishing egrets — along with the city zoo and multi-million-dollar Sunset District homes.
Even after a city concedes that it already built where protective wetlands once were, “it's difficult to pull up stakes and allow a wetland to take over,” says Hill, who advocates for wetlands being reconstructed out into the ocean rather than taking over developed areas.
It's especially difficult to pull up stakes when those stakes involve national assets like shipping ports and the world's largest naval base, as in Norfolk, Virginia. The Hampton Roads region where Olsen and these landmarks are based has seen water levels rise 14 inches since 1930.
Olsen is preparing for a future in which some of the naval base's piers will be abandoned — and rebuilt elsewhere at $35 million apiece — and the Navy will have to double down on protecting the rest. The roads that carry military personnel to their vessels will need to be raised above flood levels, and some homes will need to be built on pilings or with flood vents to minimize damage to their foundations as the waters continue to rise.
If those waters continue to rise at a rate of six millimeters per year (about the thickness of an iPhone), the base and surrounding area will need to prepare for another foot of water in the next century.
“To an engineer, this [sea-level rise] is significant, especially when you put a Nor'easter on top of that,” says Olsen. “But it's not so significant that we have to run on our heels. We have time to engineer solutions.”
