Paul Scholes has joked Jose Mourinho will now be managing a ‘proper club' as he prepares to take charge of Manchester United.
Mourinho will be named as Louis van Gaal's successor later this week after the Dutchman's turbulent two-year reign was brought to an end on Monday.
The former Chelsea, Inter Milan, Porto and Real Madrid boss has won major honours with every one of the teams he has managed, but Scholes say he must bring entertaining football – as well as silverware – back to Old Trafford to win over the fans.
Asked if he will be a good fit for United, the club's legendary former midfielder told talkSPORT: “Who knows?
“We all thought Van Gaal was a good fit two years ago and it didn't quite happen for him. Mourinho has obviously managed big clubs before. Now he has come to a proper big club and there is expectation there.
“He has messed around with these Mickey Mouse clubs – Real, Madrid, Chelsea and Inter Milan – and now it looks like he is coming to a proper football club. I'm only joking, of course!
“He has managed big clubs and he has got a track record of winning trophies.
“United should be challenging for trophies but it is the style of football that has been the big problem for the last two years and if he can get players in that are likely to entertain then the fans will be happy.”
Paul Scholes calls for Ryan Giggs to STAY at Manchester United under Jose Mourinho – READ MORE
I received my Ouya a little over a week ago and, after the unboxing and setup, was able to play around with it for a bit. Since the games are more like apps in their general gameplay and length, I've decided to do a few games per article. Don't forget: all Ouya games are free to try, but unlock fully for a price.
Knightmare Tower
Available as a Flash game for some time, Knightmare Tower puts you in the shoes of NAMELESS HERO KNIGHT who must save the princesses from the evil grasp of VILLAIN. Yeah… not much of a story. But when you're playing a game like this, it hardly matters. You start each round sitting atop a rocket and blast off, slowly falling back down the tower as enemies fly upwards like popcorn. You can dash downward to slash an enemy, netting you some extra speed. Your goal: get as high as you can without dying.
Knightmare Tower does a really good job of keeping you hooked (a friend and I played for a solid five hours) and making you feel stronger while not overly strong in typical endless-runner fashion. Everytime you dash and miss, you fall to the bottom of the tower. But, you shoot right back up on your rocket, having lost some of your speed. Slash enough enemies in a row and your speed bar fills up, giving you an extra boost. NAMELESS HERO KNIGHT collects money as he kills, allowing you to upgrade a bunch of things: sword strength, speed gained from kills, hearts (life). The item you end up looking for the most is the potion, which has about 10 additive effects you can upgrade through: no loss of speed when you miss, invincibility, extra damage, turn into a minotaur, etc. There are also some achievements and missions that keep you interested. Get 2 perfect starts in a row, kill 100 enemies without dying, that sort of thing.
Recommended: Yes
What You Get For Free: Not sure, purchased almost immediately
Unlock Price: $4
What You Get For The Price: 30 quests, 10 achievements, tons of upgrades, unlockable survival mode
Genres: Action, Arcade, Endless
My Playtime: 5 hours (finished story mode, played a little of survival mode)
Dub Wars
You may have heard of Beat Hazard – a twin-stick shooter where the weapons and enemies adapt to the intensity of whatever song you're playing. Dub Wars is cut from the same cloth, but falls a bit flat. You control a ship a la old-school Asteroids with full range of motion. Yes, the enemies and the lasers adapt to the music being played, but at the time of writing, you could only play with the three songs that come with the game. A menu says the full game would be available June 4th or 24th (honestly, I couldn't make it out).
The lack of variety alone wouldn't be a huge downfall, but when the music is low enough on the intensity scale, your ship doesn't shoot at all while enemies still close in. So, you've got a ship not shooting the enemies that are closing in and you don't know when it'll start firing again. Not a recipe for grand success, if you ask me.
Recommended: No
What You Get For Free: 3 songs
Unlock Price: N/A at time of writing
What You Get For The Price: N/A
Genres: Arcade, Music, Twin-Stick shooter
My Playtime: 10 minutes (played two of the three available songs)
League of Evil
Retro, 8-bit graphics are where it's at in the Android/iOS game scene, if you ask me. Sure, a team can try to maximize the horsepower in your 4″ phone, but do you want to play PS1-looking games (emulators aside)? I don't. League of Evil has a great SNES look, feel, and sound. You control a hero who must stop a group of scientists, the aforementioned League of Evil, through double jumps and face punches. There's a mechanic I've only seen in Super Meat Boy which I like a lot — each time you restart a level, you see the ghosts of your previous lives. As you progress, your 10 ghosts widdle down to 5 after the first spike pit, 2 after the cannon, and just you after you finally bridge that last gap.
Each level has a 3-star rating system based on how fast you run through the level. I've played half of the first, free set of levels and have had to redo some a few times to 3-star everything. Granted these levels are very short, averaging around 10-15 seconds so far. There is also a collectible briefcase to find in each level which may require some acrobatic wall hugging and/or death defying dashes. It's rapid fire, quick platforming and it's perfect for the Ouya.
Recommended: Yes
What You Get For Free: 54 levels
Unlock Price: $4
What You Get For The Price:108 more levels
Genres: Platformer, Retro
My Playtime: 30 minutes (played through half of the first, free set of levels)
In a move destined to leave a bitter taste in the mouths of many Americans, the GOP-controlled Senate confirmed Loretta Lynch, currently U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, as United States Attorney General. The 56-43 vote occurred after a delay of more than five months, and Lynch was put over the top when 10 Republicans broke ranks with their colleagues to confirm Eric Holder's successor. Those Republicans are Kelly Ayotte (NH), Orrin Hatch (UT), Lindsey Graham (SC), Susan Collins (ME), Jeff Flake (AZ), Mark Kirk (IL), Rob Portman (OH), Thad Cochran (MS), Ron Johnson (WI) and Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell (KY). "Today, the Senate finally confirmed Loretta Lynch to be America's next Attorney General — and America will be better off for it,” said President Obama in a statement.
Hardly. As Lynch made painfully clear during her pre-confirmation hearings, she is more than prepared to kick the Constitution to the curb in pursuit of Obama's agenda, especially with regard to illegal immigration.
There were several legitimate reasons not to confirm her. During questioning by Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL), Lynch made it clear she believes the “right and the obligation to work is shared by everyone in this country regardless of how they came here.” Lynch also refused to answer Sen. Ted Cruz's (R-TX) question regarding whether is it constitutional for the federal government to take out an American citizen on U.S. soil with a drone strike, absent an imminent threat.
Lynch also opposes voter ID laws because they ostensibly disenfranchise voters. That position puts her squarely at odds with a 2008 Supreme Court decision that such laws did not place an unconstitutional burden on the right to vote, as a well as a 2013 decision vacating Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act that required states to get “pre-clearance” from the Dept. of Justice prior to changing their voting laws, due to historic racism. Like Holder, Lynch also views law enforcement through the prism of race, insisting in 2000 that "the onus is on law enforcement because we are the ones who have taken the oath to protect and to serve the people of this city. And we are the ones who have the ability to change from within.” A year later she derided New York City's epic crime drop and the police force that precipitated it. “While crime is down, there is a large part of our community that still does not feel safe,” she said. “And that means that law enforcement has not done its job, no matter what the numbers say.”
Her position on civil forfeiture laws is troubling as well. In January, she signed off on a settlement that returned $447,000 to Bi-County Distributors, a Long island business targeted for nothing more than a suspicious pattern of bank deposits. The feds held the money for almost three years, during which time owners Jeffrey, Richard, and Mitch Hirsch never got a hearing before a judge, and no criminal charges were filed. Instead they got a series of offers from Lynch's office to return part of the money—until the negative publicity threatened to derail Lynch's nomination. Nonetheless, Lynch characterized civil forfeiture as a "wonderful tool” and that innocent people needn't worry about it because "is done pursuant to supervision by a court," and "the protections are there.”
The Senate also turned a blind eye to Lynch's role in a possible coverup involving banking giant HSBC. The bank was engaged in a massive money laundering scheme with Latin American drug cartels and Middle Eastern terrorists. Lynch allowed the bank to enter into a “deferred prosecution” settlement that garnered $1.9 billion in fines and the admission of “willful criminal conduct.” But in exchange, she agreed not to pursue criminal investigations and prosecutions of HSBC directors or employees. Apparently the Senate was insufficiently moved by more than 1,000 pages of evidence and secret audio recordings presented to the Senate Judiciary Committee by HSBC whistleblower John Cruz, former HSBC vice president and relationship manager.
In short, the Senate has confirmed someone as racially polarizing and constitutionally contemptuous as Eric Holder.
No doubt some of the Republicans who voted for her believe that since the alternative to Lynch would be Holder remaining on board, they might as well replace the man who was held in contempt of Congress, hoping Lynch will turn out better. Or perhaps they took the advice of presumptive GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush who insisted "presidents have the right to pick their team in general.”
National Review's Andrew McCarthy demolishes both arguments. First he notes that Senators take an oath to protect and defend the Constitution and that Lynch "has forthrightly told the Senate, under oath, that she will undermine the Constitution.” Hence a vote in favor of Lynch "would plainly violate the senator's oath.” As for Bush's assertion, McCathy notes that while it is a guideline, that guideline is neither a rule nor a Constitutional obligation. If it were, it "would effectively nullify the Constitution's advice-and-consent mandate that the Senate provide meaningful review of the president's nominees”—again violating a Senator's oath to uphold the Constitution.
What McCathy failed to mention is even clearer: “bork” is now a verb in the American lexicon, courtesy of a successful Senate campaign led by Ted Kennedy leading to the rejection of President Reagan's Supreme Court nominee. Judge Robert H. Bork.
Even with Lynch's confirmation, Senator Patrick J. Leahy (D-VT) remained as ungracious as ever. “She is a historic nominee, but also Senate Republicans are making history, and I would say for the wrong reasons,” he stated. “I can only hope that Senate Republicans will show her more respect as the attorney general of the United States than they did as a nominee. She has earned this respect. Her story is one of perseverance, of grace and grit.”
Sens. Charles Schumer (D-NY) and Dick Durbin (D-IL) doubled down, with Schumer insisting “there is one cloud on this sunny day and that is the long time it took to confirm her,” while Durbin claimed Republicans made Lynch “sit in the back of the bus.”
The delay in the confirmation vote was due in large part to partisan disagreements regarding a human trafficking bill and the abortion restrictions it contained. A compromise was reached Monday and the bill passed the Senate 99-0 on Wednesday.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), the only Senator who missed the vote, harshly criticized McConnell and Senate leaders for allowing the nomination vote to proceed. “The Republican majority, if it so chose, could defeat this nomination,” he said. “I would note there are a few voters back home that are asking what exactly is the difference between a Democratic and Republican majority.”
As Lynch's confirmation indicates, not much. And it is likely there are far more than a few voters asking themselves why they bothered to hand the GOP a majority in both Houses of Congress in the 2014 election. Their landslide victory was due in large part to President Obama himself declaring that while he was not on the ballot, his policies were. “Every one of them,” he said in a speech delivered last October.
The electorate clearly rejected those policies, yet the GOP has done virtually nothing to derail this president and his unconstitutional agenda, especially with regard to executive amnesty for illegal aliens. Adding insult to injury Republicans helped to confirm Lynch one day after it was reported that U.S. Census data reveal legal and illegal immigrants will reach a record high of 51 million by 2023 and account for a whopping 82 percent of all population growth in America. The public's ire will be further exacerbated by the reality that middle class wages have dropped below 1970s levels even as immigration has skyrocketed by 325 percent between 1970 and 2013.
Those wondering why the GOP would help nominate someone who would facilitate Democrats' immigration agenda need look no further than their reaction to Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's assertion that the "next president and the next Congress need to make decisions about a legal-immigration system that's based on, first and foremost, protecting American workers and American wages.” Sen. Orrin Hatch called it “poppycock." Sens. Rob Portman, John McCain and John Thune (R-SD) agreed, with Thune insisting "a robust legal immigration process helps us fill jobs that otherwise wouldn't be getting filled.” Hatch pointed to the need for "awful lot more STEM [science, technology, engineering, and mathematics] people.”
That last bit flies in the face of Congressional testimony made by displaced STEM workers, one of whom was forced to train his own replacement in a job he had held for 15 years. Breitbart News aptly described what both political parties are staunchly behind. "Congress's message to any American worker making more than $60,000 year is: 'your job is up for grabs,'” they state.
Loretta Lynch made it plain she will facilitate that effort. A majority of Senators, including 10 feckless Republicans more than willing to aid the Democrat party and President Obama's despicable immigration agenda, are on board as well. As for Lynch herself, the lyrics of a song by The Who says it all: meet the new boss—same as the old boss.
Freedom Center pamphlets now available on Kindle: Click here.
LIKE Frontpagemag.com on Facebook and Subscribe to Jamie Glazov Productions.
She's fought unflattering rumors about her mental health, but Young has no qualms about admitting she buys into a lot of conspiracy theories.
For example, she's very firmly anti-vaccination and thinks the powers that be are responsible for intentionally spreading whooping cough and measles: "The thing is, you have a very big pharmacological industry, and they want those bucks to keep flowing," she told Gawker. "It's definitely not impossible to imagine that there are agents that spread this kind of thing. Remember when the English came over with blankets that were laced with tuberculosis and they gave all those blankets to the Indians? You think that doesn't happen today?"
She also has a thing or two to say about chemtrails. "I know people will call me a conspiracy nut or whatever, but the evidence is out there," she added. "There's an interview on Red Ice Radio from the guy who worked at the CDC who said that there was evidence of autism and they buried it. And the whole idea that a corporation is responsible for performing their own tests. Are you f***ing kidding me? We'll do our own in-house testing and then we'll present what we want, and that's supposed to be the evidence that the EPA accepts? You don't think there'd be any conflict of interest in that. This stuff is obvious…"
ALBION, Mich., Dec. 13, 2017 — Albion College student Alexander Tokie has been left in limbo for weeks while administrators decide whether he will be punished for sending an obviously hyperbolic joke about “ANTIFA and ISIS hunting permits.”
Tokie's troubles started in September, when he sent an email to his fellow College Republicans with a number of suggestions, some in jest, on countering arguments about “white privilege.” As a joke, Tokie concluded his email by suggesting to his peers: “Take the liberal tears from the idiot you just destroyed in your debate, dissemble your American made Springfield M1911 .45 caliber handgun and apply the tears in order to clean the mechanism, reassemble and proceed to purchase ANTIFA and ISIS hunting permits and max out on tags[.]” The email was eventually shared to the broader campus community.
On Nov. 8, Vice President for Student Affairs and Dean of Students Sally Walker and Vice President of Finance and Administration Jerry White informed Tokie that he was charged with violating Albion's policy against the “[u]se of, or threatened use of, physical force or violence.”
The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education wrote to Albion president Mauri Ditzler on Nov. 16 to demand that the college end its investigation.
“If the hyperbolic nature of Tokie's email is not immediately apparent to Albion's administration, FIRE suggests that the college conduct further research on whether hunting permits can be purchased for ISIS or Antifa in the state of Michigan,” said Sarah McLaughlin, a senior program officer in FIRE's Individual Rights Defense Program. “Hyperbolic statements are a core component of political speech in the United States, and courts have long recognized that they cannot be treated as true threats.”
TAKE ACTION: TELL ALBION COLLEGE TO RESPECT STUDENT SPEECH
After FIRE wrote to Albion administrators, the college postponed Tokie's planned Nov. 17 hearing. However, after administrators failed to provide Tokie an update for nearly two weeks, FIRE sent a second letter to Albion asking about the status of the investigation and again demanding the college to drop the case.
Despite launching their investigation in September, administrators waited until the beginning of winter break to demand that Tokie return to campus over the holidays to defend his right to free speech. After weeks of silence, Albion administrators finally contacted Tokie this Monday to reschedule his hearing, suggesting Dec. 15 or Dec. 21. If Tokie does not choose either date, the hearing will be held on Dec. 21.
Administrators have also warned Tokie that no Albion student “could say anything he or she wanted, without being subject to the College's oversight,” and are refusing to drop the investigation. Although Albion is a private college not bound by the First Amendment, it promises its students free speech rights in its student handbook. Albion's accreditation from the Higher Learning Commission also requires it to be “committed to freedom of expression.”
Albion's approach to its own commitments is to insist that they are meaningless. According to the college, “No reasonable interpretation of the Albion College Student Handbook would find a contract had been created between the college and an individual student.” But the college wants to have its cake and eat it, too: While Albion claims it need not respect the rights it promises students in its handbook, it nevertheless dictates that students will be “held responsible for the policies and procedures” in that very same handbook.
“It's vitally important that Albion drop the charges because the college makes promises in the handbook committing itself to facilitating an atmosphere of free speech,” said Tokie. “There is absolutely no way for a college to create a new wave of politically intelligent leaders when they've been sheltered from each and every single opinion that is different from theirs simply because of an illiberal college policy.”
Today, FIRE again calls on Albion College to drop its investigation into Tokie's joke, refrain from similar investigations in the future, and stand by its commitment to honor “an individual's rights to freedom of thought, inquiry, and expression specifically as they extend to the electronic information environment.”
The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education is a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization dedicated to defending liberty, freedom of speech, due process, academic freedom, legal equality, and freedom of conscience on America's college campuses.
CONTACT:
Bill Rickards, Communications Coordinator, FIRE: 215-717-3473; media@thefire.org
Mauri Ditzler, President, Albion College: 517-629-0210; mditzler@albion.edu
TAKE ACTION: TELL ALBION COLLEGE TO RESPECT STUDENT SPEECH
What variety of grass should I plant?
I recommend "tall fescue". Be sure to check the label and make sure it is pure tall fescue. Some outfits that sell seed mix in some annual ryegrass and call it "nursury grass - it will care for the tall fescue which takes longer to germinate." I don't agree with that. Note that tall fescue seed is significantly more expensive than annual ryegrass ... Tall fescue makes deeeeeep roots and is one of the most drought tolerant species. Combining this species of grass with the infrequent watering makes it one of the best lawn care species for fighting weeds. It also means you can have a lovely lawn using less water. Tall fescue is one of the most durable grasses. It stands up well to the abuse of football games and pets. It will also stand proud at three inches, four inches and five inches! Kentucky Bluegrass starts to waver at three inches. Tall fescue does well in shade and sun! Downsides of tall fescue: It is slow to germinate. It could be two weeks until you see the baby grasses. In the meantime, weed seeds have probably germinated. Some people think it is not the prettiest type of grass. The fine fescues (very different from tall fescue) have thin blades and the tall fescues have broad blades. I have to admit that a lawn with the fine blades does look better - as long as nobody ever walks on it. But who wants grass that you're not allowed to walk on? Some people think that tall fescue doesn't feel as good under bare feet. This is true. Tall fescue is a stiffer grass. The grasses that feel better are the ones that won't compete with weeds as well. Besides, I think most folks won't notice the difference in feel between tall fescue and Kentucky Bluegrass. Note that Tall Fescue is a cool season grass (for areas that get a frost). I'm not very familiar with warm season grasses to make a recommendation. You can get some tall fescue seed here.
What's an extension office?
Nearly every county in the United States has a county extension office. The word "extension" means that the office is an extension of the the state agricultural school. This office is staffed by people who are paid to answer questions about plant life in the county (including lawns). If people don't call, they could lose their jobs! Call! Ask lots of questions! Visit! Take weed samples to them for identification! Bugs too! Sometimes the phones are manned by volunteers. Folks that love gardening and horticulture so much, that they are itching to share their lawn care expertise with you. Many of these folks have completed the master gardener training offered by the extension office. If nothing else, a visit to the office can be worthwhile because they have loads of brochures about issues in your area. To find them, open your phone book to "the blue pages" (government listings) under "County Government" and look for "Extension Office", "Extension Agent" or "County Extension".
I think I have grubs. What do I do?
Grubs are the larvae of certain species of beetles. Grubs think grass roots are yummy. If you dig up dead patches of grass you just might see a bunch of grubs munching away. This is where birds are your friends. Birds think grubs are yummy. I have never had to personally deal with grubs. And I have yet to encounter an organic grower that has had to deal with them. But I have had many people write to me and ask how to deal with grubs organically. Nearly all of them have mentioned "Last year I sprayed toxic goo to get rid of the grubs and now they're back". While I did not see what happened, my guess is that birds and other natural grub control ate the dead grubs and died. No more natural grub control. So the trick is to kill the grubs, but don't harm anything that eats grubs. The answer is to bring in more grub predators. Having done a little reading on this topic, "Milky Spore" (Bacillus popilliae) and/or predatory nematodes appear to be the organic control. "Milky Spore" is a naturally occuring bacteria that makes the grubs puke their guts out, but it doesn't seem to bother anything else. So if a bird eats a dead grub, the bird will be fat and happy. Predatory nematodes (also called "beneficial nematodes") are like micro worms that crawl through the soil and eat a variety of different organisms, including grubs. Here it is for sale: click here
My soil is more like dirt. How do I improve it?
If you have an inch of "dirt" and everything under that is big rocks or rock-hard clay, improving your "dirt" isn't going to make much difference. You are probably going to need to import some top soil. If you have the bucks, you can have a foot and a half of topsoil dropped on your existing lawn and then plant new grass seed and start over. Soil on top of dirt ain't bad. If you have patience and think that your dirt can be renovated into soil, you can: fertilize and mow high. The fertilizer helps to make more grass. If you have any worms in your dirt/soil, they will take blades of cut grass down lower, munch on it, and leave organic matter down low. The fertilizer helps to make more grass.
Add an inch of compost every spring and fall. It ain't cheap and it makes your lawn look like crap for a week or so, but again, the worms will work it in.
I have this weird idea that I have never tried, but I've told several people about in e-mail and have yet to hear back from anybody if they tried it. Take a post hole digger and dig a hole about two feet deep. Re-fill the hole with 50% compost and 50% of what you took out of the hole. Stir a little grass seed into the top quarter inch of soil. I think that by doing this, you will create a wonderful home for worms and a great place for deeeeeep grass roots. Over time, the roots and the worms will convert the neighboring dirt into soil. If anybody tries this, I hope you'll write me and tell me how it turned out.
How do I get rid of mushrooms?
People that are trying to grow mushrooms will provide the mushrooms with rotting sawdust or rotting logs. Generous moisture and a lack of direct sunlight can help too. In the horticultural world "rot" almost always mean "composting". To properly compost, you need a certain mixture of carbon heavy organic matter (wood, dried leaves, straw, etc.) and nitrogen heavy organic matter (manure, grass clippings, table scraps, weeds, etc.). If you get just the right mix, you get hot composting happening. Too much nitrogen and it gets a little stinky. Too much carbon and the composting takes a very long time. To get rid of mushrooms, you just need to get your lawn to outcompete them. Grass loves a nitrogen rich soil. Mushrooms love a carbon rich soil. Lawn fertilizer has heaps of nitrogen and hardly any carbon. Time to fertilize! Twenty bucks and ten minutes of time will do wonders for your lawn care strategy. Here's something that can be a kick: take a close look at your mushrooms. If there are a bunch of them, are they growing in a circle? If so, this is called "fairy ring". The ring will grow larger and larger as the spores from the current mushrooms land just outside of the ring. Consider for a moment that if you have a lot of mushrooms in your lawn, this is most likely a sign that you have really excellent soil! Further, the mushrooms you see are the fruiting bodies of a much bigger fungus organism under the soil. Most fungus organisms help your grass be healthier - so I'm usually glad to see a few mushrooms in my lawn now and then. The mushrooms are usually gone as soon as things dry out a bit. For more on getting rid of mushrooms, see "mushrooms on lawn" in our lawn care forum.
How do I deal with burn spots in my lawn from my dog?
Dog poop and dog pee are both high in nitrogen. But if you give your lawn too much nitrogen, you'll kill it. Not the whole lawn. Just the spot with too much nitrogen. Usually there will be a load of dog poop and the grass under it will be dead. And the grass immediately around it will be greener, taller, thicker and healthier than all the rest of the lawn. So the stuff immediately under the crap is "too much" and the stuff surrounding the crap is "optimal". Same thing for pee only there won't be a pile of poop in the middle. Solution 1 This solution is reserved for the Zen Masters of the school of the cheap and lazy lawn care. Do nothing. For dog pee, the grass is tall enough that it hides the dead spot. Rain and irrigation will eventually rinse enough nitrogen out that they grass will grow back into that spot. I leave the poop to the worms and the microbials in the soil. Birds will also work it over a bit (looking for the worms and other bugs attracted by it). How quickly the poop disappears on its own shows how healthy your lawn is. Just be careful not to step on the fresh stuff. An added benefit is that you can remain on great terms with your neighbors. If your spousal unit says "go clean up that dog crap in the yard!" You can now say "I looked it up on the internet and it said the best solution was to leave it!" Solution 2 Sprinkle a little sawdust on the spot and give the spot a little attention from your hose. The sawdust will hide the poop and it will counter the excess nitrogen. Combining with the nitrogen, it will, in time, turn into compost - enriching the soil. The sawdust will also reduce any odor by about 95%. The water will wet the sawdust and dilute the nitrogen source a bit, thus helping the beginning of the composting process. Solution 3 Remove the poop, dig an inch into the soil and mix sawdust into the soil. This is the same as solution 2, but the sawdust will be more effective this way. Anal Retentive Solution Remove the poop and an inch of affected soil. Replace with compost and some grass seed. A lot of people do this. I think it's pretty dumb. I think that removing the dog poop and watering the area is more effective than this. The water will dilute the excess nitrogen in the soil. The surrounding grass will spread into the area using grass rhizomes. There is no need for seed. If you put seed here, you will be saddling yourself with the responsibility of watering it every day for two weeks. Reading the rest of this lawn care essay will tell you that that's a great way to get weeds. Plus, it's work! Now let's look at the compost: compost is wonderful, magical stuff. But in this case, you've just added nitrogen to an excess nitrogen problem. Further, seeds don't germinate well in a high nitrogen medium like compost. To germinate better in something like pH adjusted peat moss. Or plain topsoil. The plants like nitrogen after they've gotten past the seedling stage. Some people have written to me asking about what to do about their dogs pee "burning" their lawn. They explain that female dogs have ultra acidic pee and it kills whatever it touches. I think the treatement is still going to be the same. Leave it and let the tall grass hide it. If it still bothers you, use a little sawdust and/or water.
My grass is all thin and dead-ish, what is your advice on overseeding?
Don't. I mean it. Put overseeding out of your mind. Your "dirt" has such terrible issues that adult grass is struggling to survive and now you want to put babies there? I am, right now, trying really hard to think of one case where overseeding will do any good for any lawn care situation .... nope - can't think of a single case. Seeding bare patches that are are at least a foot or two wide makes sense - but that's not "overseeding" (tossing seed onto an existing patch of grass). Improve your soil and your existing grass will thrive. Then there is no need for seed. Please take a look at this thread of discussion I've been in on overseeding in our lawn care forum.
Still not convinced? Here is a page called organic lawn care tips that I like.
Lakers president of basketball operations Magic Johnson weighs in on the effect LaVar Ball may have on his son's draft stock. (0:57)
CHICAGO -- New Los Angeles Lakers president Magic Johnson says LaVar Ball and his provocative personality won't influence whether Johnson drafts former UCLA star Lonzo Ball.
"No effect at all," Johnson told ESPN at the NBA combine. "I think what you're drafting is the son and not the father. I think that you also are gauging and evaluating his son on his ability and what he can do not only on the basketball court but also what he can do for your team. How he can enhance and make your team better."
The Lakers will go into Tuesday's NBA draft lottery with the third-highest chance to get the top overall pick. If the Lakers don't get one of the top three picks, the selection will be sent to the Philadelphia 76ers.
"If we're fortunate to keep our pick, wherever that is, then you take a look at him. Just like any team who would be drafting in the top four or five would take a look at him and the other players who are there." Magic Johnson, on Lonzo Ball
Lonzo Ball is projected by most NBA executives to be selected in the top three of the June 22 draft.
"If we're fortunate to keep our pick, wherever that is, then you take a look at him," Johnson said. "Just like any team who would be drafting in the top four or five would take a look at him and the other players who are there."
The Phoenix Suns, who have the second-best chance of landing the top pick, will be drafting in the top five. Suns general manager Ryan McDonough, along with several other NBA executives, agreed with Johnson that the elder Ball won't hinder whether they select Lonzo Ball.
"Not really, no," McDonough said. "We evaluate the player, first and foremost. Every player comes from a different family situation. It seems like LaVar has been extremely involved in Lonzo's career, and obviously he's a polarizing guy, but on the court, in terms of development, it seems like it's helped Lonzo.
"As we try to weigh in all the factors, certainly having a parent who's very involved and cares a lot, we don't view that as a bad thing. It's a little bit different than certain situations, but it's certainly that we would not disqualify Lonzo for [his father], or really factor heavily in our decision."
BJP MP Udit Raj on Friday accused lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung of being a ‘super king' who didn't lend ears to him. He was referring to the alleged assault of a district magistrate by his supporters.
A day after the northwest Delhi parliamentarian's supporters were accused of beating up a senior IAS officer posted as district magistrate in the Delhi government, Raj demanded that the LG should be removed.
“The LG is a super king. He must be removed. I will write to the government against him,” said Raj, adding that he had to wait for 3-4 days to discuss issues with Jung.
“He does not listen to me, and when I asked for his mobile phone number once, he declined to share it with me,” the BJP MP said. “There are only seven MPs in Delhi. If he does not talk to them who else will he talk to?” he said.
Referring to the alleged assault on the DM of northwest, Raj claimed the police acted in a ‘one-sided' manner and favoured the DM, under pressure from bureaucrats.
“They (authorities) simply don't listen to politicians and detest them,” said Raj.
Demanding the transfer and suspension of the DM, DCP of outer Delhi and station house officer of Kanjhawala, he said he met home minister Rajnath Singh about the issue.
However, leader of oppposition in the Assembly Vijender Gupta termed the demand as a personal one and not that of the party's. The LG's office refused to comment. Meanwhile, deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia, whose government has been entangled in a turf war with the LG, said Raj, instead of making statements to the media, should directly talk to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “Udit Raj's party has its own government. If he wants to remove the LG, he can.”
First Published: Sep 25, 2015 23:50 IST
Star Wars fans, Last Jedi director Rian Johnson has heard what you want as the subject of his upcoming trilogy of Star Wars movies. And he's not buying it.
He's sympathetic. He loves the subject in question. But alas, that is definitively not what he's going for.
The subject? The Old Republic, that time period in the galaxy far, far away that is long, long before even the Star Wars prequel movies. It's a time where Jedi and Sith fought on a massive scale, before the Sith were reduced to the bizarre conspiracy of two Sith Lords as seen in the prequels.
Thanks in large part to the popular 2003 role-playing videogame Knights of the Old Republic, Star Wars fans in various online polls and Twitter chatter named this period as their favorite when asked what Johnson should focus on for his still-mysterious trilogy.
Guess what: he loves it too. But it's just not compelling enough.
"Oh, they love Knights of the Old Republic," Johnson told my colleague Laura Prudom at a Last Jedi press event on Sunday. "I played that game when it first came out and it was like, god, I loved it. Yeah, that's a fantastic game. And I understand it, the instinct to automatically go to something that you know and love, that you've already seen."
'I understand it, the instinct to automatically go to something that you know and love'
And yet Johnson rejects that instinct. "To me," he says, "what's really fun is the notion of what new stuff are we gonna see, what new stories can we tell?"
The announcement of Johnson's trilogy should have been a tip-off; it said the director would "introduce new characters from a corner of the galaxy that Star Wars lore has never before explored." And yet fans held out hope that this unexplored corner might be set in the compelling ancient period, where we'd get to see the order of Jedi Knights in their swashbuckling pre-prequel prime.
After all, that Old Republic content was swept aside when Star Wars canon was revised in 2014; so far as the official story is concerned, we've never visited that part of the past. Still, Johnson would prefer to do something entirely new. "For me," he says, "the possibility in a new story told over three movies, go anywhere, do anything, sky's the limit, in Star Wars? That's so exciting."
Okay, so what's it about? Johnson demurs: "I'm in the very, very beginning phases of trying to think about it so I don't know yet," he says. "I'm still figuring out what it's gonna be." No ballpark release year for the first in the trilogy has been announced, let alone an actual date.
But in the creative struggle to come, if the pre-release hype for The Last Jedi is any indication, the Force is already with Rian Johnson.
In case your house has been having leaks, water damage, broken sewage or even blocked toilets among other problems, it is upon time that you seek the services of a plumber. However, this is not a walk in the pack as there are very many non-qualified plumbers in town, who are ready to pounce on your hard earned cash, anytime they smell an opportunity. In addition, they are those who overcharge clients, who have less knowledge on plumbing services However, all is not lost as you can fix this, by taking some measures which will ensure that you save on plumbing cost anytime of the day. Below are some of the steps you need to take, when choosing your plumber.
Step 1: Look which plumber is around your locality
Whenever you are choosing your plumber, it is important that you choose a plumber that is near you and whom you will be communicating easily. In order to do this therefore, you will need to look of the plumber that is within your locality. All you need to do is just log into the search engine that you love most and look for the plumber around. After you have gotten a list of the plumbers around you, do a thorough research on them in order to get the best. This is very key, as the plumber that you choose determines the quality of services that you will get.
Step 2: Ask for their estimates
After you have known the best plumbers within your locality, you need then to sieve them further pipe fitting, in order to get the best and the one that best serves your interests. One way of doing so is by looking at the prices that they charge for their services. Different plumbers charges differently as the sector is not regulated on the prices. Therefore, asking their estimates will help you know how much they charge. After you have gotten the estimates, compare them with others and choose the one that best suits your pockets.
Step 3: Weed through the Reviews and Recommendations
At this stage you will have filtered them, out to be left with about three plumbers. However, you can never choose all of them together because you only need one. Therefore, in order to get the best, look at their reviews. The reviews are very important, as they contain all the information that you may want to know regarding the plumbers. Therefore, weed through all the reviews that the different plumbers have and choose the one that best fits your bill. You can get these reviews by just logging into reputable review sites like yelp.
For More Information: plumbing review webpage
Contrary to common stereotypes, individuals with major mental disorders are more likely to become victims of violent crimes when they are experiencing an increase in symptoms than they are to commit crime, according to a new study by Brent Teasdale, an assistant professor of criminal justice at Georgia State University.
Teasdale found that patients experiencing delusions, hallucinations and worsening symptoms generally are most likely to become victims of violence. In addition, individuals with mental disorders are particularly vulnerable for victimization during times of homelessness and when suffering from alcohol abuse.
"They actually have higher rates of victimization than they have of violence commission, which I think is counter to the stereotype that highly symptomatic, obviously delusional, visibly mentally disordered people are dangerous, unpredictable and violent," Teasdale said. "There's no one size fits all approach to these delusions, but the odds of victimization are multiplied almost by a factor of two when a person experiences these delusions."
Teasdale analyzed data from the MacArthur Violence Risk Assessment Study, a longitudinal study of psychiatric patients released from three psychiatric hospitals in Pittsburgh, Pa., Kansas City, Mo., and Worchester, Mass. During the MacArthur study, participants were interviewed every 10 weeks for one year about violence committed against them, stress, symptoms and social relationships.
When individuals with mental disorders experience increases in delusions, symptom severity and alcohol problems they may be more focused on their internal states and have fewer cognitive resources available to devote to interactions with other people, Teasdale said. Other research suggests that victimization happens because caretakers may be driven away, leaving the disordered unprotected.
"If the stigma is that those are people we need to protect ourselves from, one of the ways in which we might do that is self defensive violence. We might strike first and that would lead to the victimization of these folks," Teasdale said. "If there's a person that could intercede before that happens, that may be one strategy for reducing victimization risk."
The findings of the study are important for clinicians who must pay attention to warning signs of worsening disorders as potential risk markers for violent behavior committed by their client, Teasdale said. They could also aid in the creation of assessment tools that focus on victimization risk and classes that better educate families about caring for the mentally ill.
Clinicians also could provide clients suggestions for reducing victimization risk when they notice patients exhibiting greater than usual symptoms, Teasdale said. For instance, during these times clinicians may recommend spending less time in public spaces, increases in guardianship or mandated community treatment programs.
"Most of us know people who have mental disorders. These are our family members and our friends and so we should care about their victimization experience," Teasdale said. "The stereotypes persist because people are unaware of the victimization risk to people with mental illness. If they learned that victimization risk were higher than the violence commission rates, I think that would help alleviate some of that stigma and help people think about people with mental disorders in a different way."
The study, "Mental Disorder and Violent Victimization," was published in the 2009 edition of Criminal Justice and Behavior.
As I mentioned yesterday, the three big networks and in fact the major national dailies continue to blast out Donald Trump's charges that Hillary Clinton's husband raped or assaulted other women. And yet, CNN, MSNBC, let alone Fox refuse to discuss that at least twice Trump has himself been accused of sexual assault or rape in sworn statements – once by his wife and again a decade ago in a lawsuit brought by a woman named Jill Harth. But in discussing how to approach the issue of how to approach Trump's history of accusations of sexual violence or harassment the question came up, what exactly is Trump trying to accomplish by using Bill Clinton's past against Hillary?
There's no question that this is absolute red meat for a lot of Republican voters and almost a kind of messaging nirvana for a certain brand of Republican hater. But those people are already rabid Trump supporters. They're not remotely within reach for Clinton under any circumstance. So what's the point? We got to talking about just how Trump thinks this is going to work for him. So I thought I'd share what I told my colleagues.
The simple fact is that there's no evidence or logic to the idea that anyone who doesn't already hate Hillary Clinton with a passion will believe that she is culpable in some way for her husband's acts of infidelity against her. Even if you think Clinton is not simply a chronic philanderer but some sort of sexual abuser – a claim for which there is really little or no evidence, that's Bill Clinton, not Hillary Clinton. Holding her responsible for her husband's acts, for which she is if anything a victim, is as logically ridiculous as it is morally sickening.
You don't have to take my word for it. Consider the fact that Hillary Clinton enjoyed a wave of renewed popularity in the wake of the Lewinsky/Impeachment scandal. It was no trivial part of how she was able to win her first Senate run in New York. You may say this was sympathy for what she went through or admiration for the stoicism with which she persevered through the crisis. But they all come back to the obvious point: people don't blame a guy's wife for his infidelities. More recently, here's Katie Packer Gage, a consultant who worked on the Romney 2012 effort: “This may play well with primary voters who want the candidates to attack Hillary over Bill's peccadilloes, but it won't work with women in a general election. We've done research and focus groups, and the people we're trying to reach in the general election — women, soft Democrats and Republicans and independents — they recoil at this. It causes them to come to Hillary's defense. They don't blame Hillary for Bill's indiscretions. It's bad strategy and it hurts the party.”
By any reasonable measure – logic, past evidence, prospective studies – it just doesn't add up.
Now, there area few prosaic and straightforward reasons why this would make sense for Trump, albeit in indirect ways. The most straightforward is that this is a base election, especially for him. You have two campaigns fundamentally talking past each other, not trying to persuade but rather to pump up existing supporters into a maximal frenzy. Then there's the goal of silencing Bill Clinton. Even if no one is convinced by Trump's attacks and many are actually sickened by them, they could nonetheless have the effect of scaring Bill Clinton off from taking too high profile a role on the campaign trail as his wife's chief surrogate.
That could be a major advantage.
Both of these strategies have some logic to them. I think they're likely to be effective to a limited degree, if you don't include the offsetting negative effect of how much this stuff turns a lot of people off. But since there is that offsetting effect why is he doing this? I think this is all just an over-literal way of looking at things which misses the point of the dominance politics which is at the root of everything Trump does. Trump is doing this for the simple reason of brutalizing Clinton and showing that he can do so. Whether it makes any sense as a literal argument is really beside the point. It is at the root of the “bitch slap” mentality that power is demonstrated by inflicting harm on others and showing they can't fight back. Trump did something similar to his primary opponents, only with a woman it has a distinct edge because dominance politics is inherently gendered. To return to that ugly phrase, when a guy “bitch slaps” someone (usually another man) he makes them into a woman by dominating them with a demonstration of violence.
You could see some of this emerge in what happened again and again toward the end of the GOP primary cycle. When Trump's opponents pointed out that polls showed him losing to Clinton in a general election, Trump each time responded that when Clinton came after him he ‘hit her hard' and then she went silent. On several occasions he referred her having a “rough weekend” with her husband. The ‘rough weekend' line gets at another point to this whole line of attack. On the surface, the idea is supposed to be that Hillary Clinton is a sort of Munchausen by proxy sexual predator. The real message is that she's a victim, walked over by her husband. And victims are weak and contemptible by definition.
Listen to Trump's words and you hear repeated lines about hurting Clinton, warning her to back off and not forcing him to hurt her again. Cut and paste them out of the context of a campaign article and they read like dialog from a made for TV movie about a wife-beater.
In a sense, how galling it is for Clinton to be attacked for her husband's infidelities or transgressions is, to use the tech phrasing, a feature not a bug. It makes his demonstration of power all the more vibrant and bracing. It kind of takes your breath away. That's the point.
This is the ultimate gendered election. As Frank Foer explained in March, denigrating attacks on women are the one consistent theme throughout Trump's entire public life. They're not tactical or opportunistic. They're part of his essence. What makes the general election contest more volatile and febrile is that not only is Trump basically the embodiment of ‘dominance politics' and assertive violence. But Clinton, for all the toll the last two years has taken on her public popularity, is still seen as strong and a strong leader by a majority of the public. As I've written in similar contexts, when we look at the messaging of a national political campaign we should be listening to the score, not the libretto, which is, like in opera, often no more than a superficial gloss on the real story, mere wave action on the surface of a deep sea. You're missing the point in trying to make out the logic of Trump's attacks on Clinton. The attacks are the logic. He is trying to beat her by dominating her in the public sphere, brutalizing her, demonstrating that he can hurt her with impunity.
The Hungarian government will send buses to transport migrants to the Austrian border, the prime minister's chief of staff, Janos Lazar has said.
The move late on Friday comes as hundreds of mostly Syrian refugees began marching to the Austrian border after being prevented from boarding trains to Germany in the Hungarian capital Budapest.
Authorities appeared to be allowing groups of refugees to make the 170km journey to the border crossing on Friday amid tense scenes across the country.
Al Jazeera's Andrew Simmons, reporting from near the M1 and M7 motorways outside Budapest, said authorities appeared to be helping the refugees make the journey despite fears the road would be blocked.
"There are hundreds of people who have marched something like 10km from the centre of Budapest from the rail station to here...they say they have no option but to do this.
"It may sound far fetched but they're intent on reaching the border.
"The refugees were panicking because they thought the motorway had been blocked off...that road-block was in fact there to help them rather than hinder them."
Simmons said Hungarian volunteers were laying out water bottles to help the refugees marching in sweltering conditions.
Bicske standoff
Our correspondent said the situation outside Budapest was the "opposite" of what was happening in Bicske, 30km west of Budapest, where hundreds of refugees have broken through police lines and fled after a tense standoff on a train.
Many #refugees on the train in #Bicske , #Hungary telling me they are very worried police here will clear them from train very soon. — Mohammed Jamjoom (@MIJamjoom) September 4, 2015
Police were able to stop only a minority of an estimated 500 people from leaving the train. Police pushed those they blocked back onto the carriages amid much shouting and screaming and infants crying, the AP news agency reported.
Al Jazeera's Mohammed Jamjoom, reporting from Bicske, said those fleeing were pursued by riot police and at least one man, believed to be from Pakistan, died after the escape attempt.
The group of mainly Syrians and Afghans are refusing to be sent to refugee centres in Hungary and instead want to travel to northern European countries.
"They want to go to other countries, particularly Germany. They do not want to stay in Hungary," Jamjoom reported from the scene of the standoff.
"They are shouting 'No food, no water' as they are in need of supplies. They are also holding signs saying, 'No camp, no Hungary, freedom train'," our correspondent said.
Meanwhile, Hungary shut its main border crossing with Serbia after about 300 migrants escaped from a nearby refugee camp, police said.
"In the interest of preventing accidents, the police have temporarily closed the Roszke motorway border crossing to incoming traffic and are redirecting traffic to (a national road)," police said in statement.
The move came after around 300 people broke through a fence of a nearby refugee camp.
"The police have taken the necessary steps to apprehend them," police said, according to the AFP news agency.
Anti-immigration law
Hungary has become one of the flashpoints in Europe's refugee crisis in recent weeks, as thousands of refugees cross into the country on their way to Germany, which recently eased asylum restrictions for Syrians.
The impasse came as Hungarian politicians prepared to debate tough new anti-immigration measures, including criminalising illegal border crossing and vandalism to the new anti-immigrant razor-wire fence erected along the border with Serbia.
An estimated 2,000 migrants remained sheltered in a concourse underneath Budapest's Keleti station on Friday, waiting for trains to take them towards northern and western Europe.
Hungary's handling of the refugees, who have been stuck for days, sometimes even weeks, in makeshift camps at the station, has caused confusion and anger.
After unexpectedly allowing several thousand to board trains for Austria and Germany on Monday, authorities suspended services for 48 hours, then reopened the station on Thursday, only to have the national railways announce that it was suspending service to western Europe for "security reasons".
From August 2012 to March 2013, sailors deployed on South Korean Aegis ship DDG-993 were reliant on lifejackets that, unbeknownst to them, might not have saved them in case of emergency.
Lawmaker Kim Kwang-jin of the main opposition New Politics Alliance for Democracy raised this issue in a report last week, not long after a similar report from the National Assembly faulted the South Korean Army for its poor quality body armor.
“I cannot believe our sailors were serving for a year and a half with lifejackets that don't do their jobs,” said Kim. “We have to double-check the South Korean Navy's quality guarantee system for its equipment and inspect all of the lifejackets that are already provided to our sailors.”
According to the data Kim received from the South Korean Navy and Defense Agency for Technology and Quality, the sailors in DDG-993 were provided with 128 lifejackets in August 2012. As the number of jackets exceeded the number of sailors, 18 of them were returned to the ROK Navy depot later, leaving a total of 110 lifejackets on the boat.
But in March 2013, during a maintenance check by the South Korean Navy, it was revealed that 94 percent of lifejackets (103 jackets) failed to pass safety regulations due to under-performing buoyant materials in them.
‘… most of the under-performance in the South Korean military's gear is rooted in the private contract system and the Ministry of Defense's tendency to prefer cheaper products'
Furthermore, many buoyant materials found during the maintenance check were already marked with an “X” on their surface, indicating that the jackets might have never performed properly from the moment of their purchase.
Fortunately, Kim's office confirmed to NK News that the Navy has already discarded all the under-performing lifejackets and bought new sets for its sailors.
A MONOPOLY
“I think most of the under-performance in the South Korean military's gear is rooted in the private contract system and the Ministry of Defense's tendency to prefer cheaper products,” said a former South Korean Army officer who wished to remain anonymous.
“This lifejacket case is really similar to the case of useless South Korean body armor. In Korea, much of the military gear is made by companies under the South Korean Veterans Association.”
The former officer said that relying on solely products from these companies leads to inferior competition in the market and sometimes even a monopoly on the production business.
He stated that there will be a continued need for new military gear, as the South Korean military receives a new supply of freshly conscripted soldiers each year.
“Instead of the South Korean military raising the required quality of the products, they could instead lower it to match the current production level of producers and purchase what the producers can offer.”
He said standing up for higher quality goods might not work as intended.
“If one raises questions about the products that have been in use already in recent decades, the proposition might raise too much attention from the higher command and eventually lead to an inspection on the whistleblower himself,” said the expert. “That is the basic mechanism behind how under-performing products can keep flowing into the South Korean military.”
He believes that in order to solve the monopoly on military gear, South Korea will have to adopt a “fair competition” policy of choosing from among multiple producers.
“The South Korean military should be provided with a list of different products to select from, but as of now, some producers are monopolizing the market and administrators are only focusing on buying the cheapest products to save their budgets, and this system will certainly not lead to a stronger military.”
FAILING THE TEST
But questions remain as to why the military inspectors failed to detect the under-performing products in first place. Park, a former South Korean military officer himself, slammed military's stagnant bureaucracy as the reason for the under-performing gear.
“During peacetime, the maintenance of safety gear is mostly done as a mere formality. Unless the equipment is being used day by day, there is no clear way to check its performance,” said Park, pointing out that there is very little chance that sailors in the front line, who are already over-burdened with administrative tasks, would've scrutinized the pros and cons of each of the safety gear they use.
Park said that even if juniors have scrutinized the products, they would be criticized by their seniors for “not hiding the problem under the carpet.”
“For example, lets assume that junior officer reported the under-performance of buoyant materials in those lifejackets. The result of whistleblowing would not be the purchase of new lifejackets for sailors, but criticism from his/her senior for ‘letting it slip past in the first place.'”
‘Often the inspectors and the unit commanders are in a senior-junior relationship; this leads to collusion between the inspector and the unit'
Park clearly stated that inspections alone cannot solve the current issues in the military.
“Often the inspectors and the unit commanders are in a senior-junior relationship; this leads to collusion between the inspector and the unit. In this case, the highest unit commander would ‘offer' one or two minor safety violations which the inspector would take as ‘prizes' to report to their seniors.”
During this bureaucratic process, junior officers in the front line usually get sacrificed as “prizes” for inspectors.
“Current inspections only maintain the current state of the bureaucracy, so that no one faces obstacles in heading down the path of promotion,” said Park.
The key to using silicon in electronic devices such as transistors and solar cells lies in doping, or adding in small quantities of other elements, to create an excess of electrons (n-type) or positively charged holes (p-type) that change the material's conductivity. N-type and p-type silicon are butted together to form p-n junctions, the basic building blocks of electronic devices such as solar cells, light-emitting diodes, and transistors.
Doped dots: In this transmission electron microscope image, indium arsenide quantum dots, 3.3 nanometers wide, are doped with silver atoms, yielding an n-type material rich in electrons.
For years, researchers have tried to do something similar with quantum dots, tiny semiconductor crystals a few nanometers in diameter. Now, a team of Israeli researchers has reported success. They have doped indium arsenide quantum dots to create n-type and p-type materials. The advance, published in the journal Science, could lead to new types of efficient, cheap, and printable thin-film solar cells.
Quantum dots hold promise for low-cost solar cells because they can be made using simple, inexpensive chemical reactions. Scientists have calculated that quantum dots could be used to make thin-film photovoltaics that are at least as efficient as conventional silicon cells, and possibly more efficient. The higher possible efficiency is because nanocrystals made of certain semiconductors can emit more than one electron for every photon absorbed. Plus, tweaking their size and shape changes the colors of light they absorb. “We could tune the nanocrystal absorption to match the solar spectrum,” says Uri Banin, a professor of chemistry at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem who led the new work.
Despite these advantages, no one has succeeded in making efficient quantum-dot solar cells. For that, you need n-type and p-type nanocrystals, says Eran Rabani, a chemistry professor at Tel Aviv University who was involved in the new work. In solar cells, the electrons and holes that are created when photons are absorbed have to be separated so that the electrons can travel out of the semiconductor to the external electric circuit. Some electrons and holes inevitably combine, but they combine much faster in quantum dots than in large silicon crystals. Doping semiconductor nanocrystals would provide a way for creating p-n junctions that separate electrons and holes efficiently, Rabani says.
Silicon is typically doped with phosphorus or boron atoms, but these materials do not work with quantum dots because the dots are so small. A 4-nanometer-wide nanocrystal contains about 1,000 atoms. Adding a few dopant atoms .can lead to their being expelled from the nanocrystals.
Some quantum-dot doping efforts have succeeded. Researchers have, for instance, doped them with magnetic manganese ions, but this technique does not introduce excess electrons or holes. Others have been able to make undoped nanocrystals n-type by injecting electrons into them. Still others have been able to dope thin films of nanocrystals.
The Israeli team, by contrast, is able to dope freestanding nanoparticles. “This is a major breakthrough here,” says Y. Charles Cao, a chemistry professor at the University of Florida in Gainesville. “The major advantage here is you [have] the building blocks for the bottom-up assembly of nanocrystal electronic devices.” Another plus, adds Cao, is that the method used to make the dots is easy and inexpensive and could be scaled up to make devices in large quantities.
Banin and his colleagues start with a solution of silver or copper compounds and gradually add it to a solution of indium arsenide nanocrystals. This results in silver-doped p-type dots or copper-doped n-type ones. Since the quantum dots are made in solution, they could be deposited on flexible plastic sheets using printers or roll-to-roll processes.
Join CJFE at a free panel discussion about a very important issue:
Darkness in Dhaka: Protecting Free Thought in Bangladesh
Cost: FREE
Date: Thursday, June 9
Time: 7:30 pm - 9 pm
Location: Rogers Communications Centre, Room 103
Ryerson University, 80 Gould St, Toronto
So far in 2016, at least nine individuals have been targeted and violently killed in Bangladesh for exercising their right to free expression. It has become a shockingly regular occurrence to hear of bloggers, writers and activists found hacked to death in their homes or in the streets by Islamic militants. The Bangladeshi government's reaction has been almost entirely apathetic, with the Prime Minister blaming the victims for inciting their own murders by speaking out against majority opinion.
Why is this happening, and why does the Bangladeshi government allow these killers to act with impunity? Most importantly, what is the solution?
CJFE is proud to host experts and individuals at the forefront of the fight for justice in Bangladesh, as well as a Bangladeshi blogger who was forced to flee the country after threats to his life.
Featuring:
RAIHAN ABIR | Bangladeshi blogger
There is no greater expert on impunity in Bangladesh than Raihan Abir. Raihan is the editor of Mukto-mona, a Bangladeshi blog dedicated to freethinking and science. In 2015, he began to receive regular death threats, and several of his friends and colleagues in Bangladesh were hacked to death.
Raihan had to flee Bangladesh to ensure the safety of himself, his wife and their child. With the help of CJFE's Journalists in Distress Fund and a myriad of other organizations and individuals, Raihan and his family found refuge in Canada.
BRENDAN DE CAIRES | PEN Canada
Brendan de Caires is the Programs and Communications Coordinator for PEN Canada. He has worked in trade and magazine publishing and has written for The Caribbean Review of Books, the Literary Review of Canada and The Toronto Review of Books.
WIL MCDOWALL | Centre for Inquiry Canada
Since attending his first Meetup event in June 2012, Wil quickly busied himself, eagerly getting involved with the Centre for Inquiry Canada in any aspect he could help with. Prior to accepting the position of Vice Chairperson, Wil filled a number of both national and local roles with CFIC including Lead Volunteer, Social Media Coordinator and Toronto Branch Manager to name a few. While originally coming from a religious background including past aspirations to study Theology, Wil is extremely passionate about secular human rights, critical thinking, and scientific skepticism.
Moderated by MICHELLE SHEPHARD, Toronto Star
First, lets get into what BTC Olympus is claiming to sell. The BTC Olympus Zeus is allegedly a 5Th/s mining rig selling for USD $10,000. Customers can reportedly split that into two equal payments of USD $5,000. The first to be sent via Bitcoin before the company ships the product and the second after the device is in hand. According to BTC Olympus, after the second payment is received they will send you a code to unlock the miner.
If getting “locked” hardware isn't enough to scare you off, the red flags uncovered by members of the Bitcointalk forum (who I owe a debt of gratitude to for doing much of the heavy lifting in this article) might.
First and most obvious: The website for the company, which claims to be from the U.K. is registered anonymously. The phone number listed at the time allegedly wouldn't accept calls and has since been removed. The address listed reportedly sits in a high-end retail section of town, not the typical place a company that does the vast majority of its sales online would reside.
According to another user, BTC Olympus also directly copied their TOS from Hashfast, the embattled bitcoin mining company, and at one time forgot to replace the name with their own. A look through their LinkedIn profiles is also concerning. All three employees are brand new to the business social media site and have only received endorsements from each other. Their photos were all done in the same style with a stock background.
The listing for employee Matthew Tot also includes some curious claims. According to his LinkedIn profile, Mr. Tot graduated from Secondary school (roughly equivalent to American High School) in 1989. Which, assuming a graduation age of 18, would make him 43 years of age. The photo on his LinkedIn profile looks to be someone in his early to mid twenties.
One Bitcointalk user posted an image alleging to be a screen shot of the site from Archive.org. It revealed how the site allegedly looked a few weeks before their first announcement. The pictures on the “team” page showed stock photos in lieu of the employee's actual photos. Using stock photos while a website is underdevelopment isn't strange in of itself, however, the photos they choose are. In place of profile pictures were images of a pregnant woman smoking, a mock mug shot, a close up on female lips with a white milky substance seeping out and similar images. Perhaps more damning is that the page included more employees and none of them had the names of the current alleged employees. However, everything dealing with the site previous to April 17th has been taken off of Archive.org (suspicious enough on its own) so we could not independently verify the claims. BTC Olympus' unofficial representative on the Bitcointalk forums never denied the screen shot. We have reached out to Archive.org for more information, and will update you if they are able to provide it.
After that image showed up, BTC Olympus went dark on the Bitcointalk forums, the only two exceptions were equally suspicious. In early April, while evidence of alleged fraud was still being revealed, a user posted an auction for one of BTC Olympus' alleged miners. By posting a picture of the device with a custom message to a user, the auctioneer did seem to confirm that they had a BTC Olympus branded mining rig (or at least a case) in hand. Despite some good offers however, the user, whose first post on the forum was the auction, refused them all.
Later, in the “Pictures of your mining rigs!” thread, a member posted what he claimed was the BTC Olympus Poseidon. However, it didn't take long for the community to figure out the images were screenshots taken from BTC Olympus' official YouTube channel.
Then, just days ago, BTC Olympus reappeared on the forums with claims of being ready to sell their new 5TH/s Zeus machine. Members of the forum were understandably skeptical and asked for evidence. BTC Olympus' unofficial representative pointed them to a testimonial page that included images of BTC Olympus-branded mining rigs allegedly from customers, but even that page seems filled with misleading information.
The first thing that jumps out is that some of the images were already posted by the company from before they claim to have sent out devices. One, which was recognizable because of an image of porn on a nearby television screen, was previously posted on the Bitcointalk forum and had been posted to the aforementioned Matthew Tot's Google+ page . The rest of the images could be the same miner put into different settings. The same laptop is used several times (although three pictures include different computers, one is also featured on one of their YouTube videos) and all the houses photographed outside of the one we know came from employee Matthew Tot, appear to have either a small area run covering the floor or the same hardwood flooring pattern (the fake “snap-in” kind with three wooden pattern types per board). This isn't damning evidence, but including their own pictures in a section meant to prove their legitimacy, combined with the coincidence of the floor types, which is also the floor type shown in the aforementioned auction post and BTC Olympus' official YouTube video, does bring up some questions.
It is also worth pointing out that BTC Olympus had promised review models to two respected members of the forum, but neither appear to have actually gotten their rigs at press time.
Perhaps the least damning but most obvious red flag, and this is what initially tipped me off, is that despite claiming to be based in the U.K. the site is full of typographical errors. Worse yet, those same typos (like not capitalizing “i”) are found in the customer testimonials as well. While the internet isn't generally known for its effective use of grammar, it seems unlikely that several customers would fall victim to the same mistake and that the supposedly U.K. based editor would continually miss the glaring typo on both the site and in the testimonials.
The company has also been hyping an upcoming cloud mining program with a countdown timer. It has been sitting at zero since December 16th with no announcement. That isn't a sign of fraud but does bring into question their ability to follow through.
It is important to note that at this point, everything in this article is alleged. Nothing has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt. It is technically possible that everything has simply been a series of errors, coincidences, incompetence (at least in editing and marketing) and sabotage. However, BTC Olympus is asking for $8,000 in Bitcoin without an escrow, so we feel it would be negligent to not point out the continuing and seemingly credible accusations.
If you spend anytime on Bitcointalk, you may remember BTC Olympus. They showed up on the scene back in December claiming to sell powerful mining rigs for a competitive price. After some initial excitement however, members of the forum uncovered several red flags that seemed to cast serious doubt on the company's legitimacy and the thread was eventually locked after several members alleged that the company was a scam. Our own investigations into the company did nothing to inspire confidence either.
Turkey has opened its largest overseas military base in Somalia, cementing its relationship with the war-torn nation and strengthening its strategic place in the African continent.
The $50 million base was opened on Saturday (Sept. 30) and will train more than 10,000 soldiers. The move is part of an effort to institutionalize and restructure the police and military services, battle the terrorist group al-Shabaab, and help expand the government's authority into more towns and regions. The new base also takes on an urgent significance as the 2020 withdrawal deadline for the 22,000 African Union multinational force gets closer.
By setting shop in Somalia, Turkey has become the latest country to set up a military facility in the horn of Africa nation. The United States runs clandestine operations from a base in the Lower Shabelle region, while the United Arab Emirates is expected to build a base in the self-declared region of Somaliland.
Turkey's deepening engagement in Somalia has helped make discernible changes to the war-ravaged country in sectors ranging from health to infrastructure, education, and trade. Turkey has funneled millions of dollars in humanitarian aid to Somalia, and especially during the devastating 2011 famine that killed 250,000 people.
In 2011, current president and then prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's visit to Somalia was the first high-profile visit by a non-African head of state in almost two decades. Erdoğan went on to build Turkey's largest embassy in the world in Mogadishu. Turkey also built schools, mosques, and hospitals—including the largest medical complex in the country.
Turkey also augmented its investments, building and managing the Mogadishu port and international airport, and increasing bilateral trade to 72.3 million in 2015. Somalia also became one of Turkish Airlines' most profitable destinations worldwide.
The military base in Somalia is also a reminder that despite Turkey's growing regional and national problems, Africa remains central to its global expansion strategy. Since 2005, Africa has remained a policy priority for Ankara, with engagements taking place in the fields of diplomacy, trade, investment, aid, education, and security. Since 2009, Turkey has increased its diplomatic missions in Africa from 12 to 39. In 2011, Turkish Airlines flew to 14 African cities; by the end of 2017, it will operate 52 routes from Istanbul across Africa.
As David Shinn of Chatham House wrote, this increased alignment is “driven by the region's growing economic importance to Ankara; its interest in diversifying away from the Middle East; and the apparent desire for influence among sub-Saharan Africa's large Muslim population.”
But the congeniality with Turkey has sometimes come at a cost for African nations. Following the attempted coup in July 2016, Turkey asked several African governments to close down schools aligned with Fethullah Gulen, the self-exiled religious leader who was accused of orchestrating the failed coup. Countries like Somalia, which heavily depend on Turkish aid, closed the schools—refusing to heed the appeals of teachers, students, and workers who benefited from the school network.
screen shot: Josh Lowensohn/CNET
It's funny how Siri works. She will tell you where you can find an escort, drugs, or guns but can't seem to help if you are seeking birth control or abortion clinics.
Today, the ACLU launched a petition that asks Apple to fix the "glitch" in the voice-activated service on the iPhone 4S so it provides useful information to people seeking information on reproductive resources.
Apple told CNET that the company is still working out the kinks in the beta service and the problem should be fixed soon.
"Our customers want to use Siri to find out all types of information and while it can find a lot, it doesn't always find what you want," Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr said. "These are not intentional omissions meant to offend anyone, it simply means that as we bring Siri from beta to a final product, we find places where we can do better and we will in the coming weeks."
The omissions are odd. Siri spews out information in response to all sorts of controversial queries, including "where can I get some dope" and "where can I dump a dead body," notes the blog that first reported on the problem. And if you are desperate for some physical intimacy it will refer you to escort services, as well.
So vices appear to be fine, but Siri has a problem with reproductive information. CNET tested Siri, asking for "abortion clinics" and "birth control" and was told "I don't see any" in both instances. But when asked "where can I shoot a gun?" Siri supplied the name of a gun shop 20 miles away.
"According to numerous sources, when asked to find an abortion clinic, even in areas where such clinics are nearby, Siri either draws a blank, or worse, refers women to pregnancy crisis centers," the ACLU wrote in a blog post. "As we've blogged about in the past, pregnancy crisis centers, which often bill themselves as resources for abortion care, do not provide or refer for abortion and are notorious for providing false and misleading information about abortion."
"Further, if you'd like to avoid getting pregnant, Siri isn't much use either. When asked where one can find birth control, apparently Siri comes up blank," the post adds.
ACLU staffers don't think Siri's behavior is intentional or illegal, just bizarre. What do you think?
Updated 5:20 p.m. PT with Apple comment.
In an interview with Bloody Disgusting, developer Red Barrels has confirmed that it is currently working on a sequel to Outlast.
“After shipping the [Xbox One] version of Outlast, we took some time to analyze our situation and we quickly realized we had at least another horror game in us,” Red Barrels co-founder Philippe Morin said, in part. “So, yes, we are working on Outlast 2.”
He also noted that while it will be set in the same universe as Outlast, it will feature a new setting and characters. “The game will be a survival horror experience and it will take place in the same universe as Outlast, but it will have different characters and a different setting. We might go back to Mount Massive Asylum one day, but for now we have new ideas and themes we'd like to explore and we think we're cooking up something special.”
“We're still a small indie studio (12 people), so we'll need a little bit of time to ship our next game, but hopefully it will be worth it.”
(via Joystiq)
7-Eleven workers physically intimidated and beaten, Senate inquiry hears
Updated
Underpaid 7-Eleven workers have been physically intimidated, and in one case beaten, to discourage them from seeking repayment, a senate inquiry has heard.
Key points: 7-Eleven set up an independent panel to assess the claims of around 20,000 past and present workers over pay and conditions
Senate inquiry told workers were physically intimidated to discourage them from seeking repayment
Already around $2.8 million has been paid to 117 workers, an average of about $24,000 per claimant
Last year, ABC's Four Corners program and Fairfax revealed workers at the convenience stores were systematically paid about half the minimum wage. Many of those affected were foreign workers.
The convenience store chain set up an independent panel to assess the claims of about 20,000 past and present workers from the convenience store's franchises.
The head of the panel, Professor Allan Fels, has told a senate committee several employees faced threats from franchisees.
"You'll lose your job, you'll be reported to immigration and your chances of being deported are very high and, in any case, any money you get we will demand it back from you," Professor Fels said.
"And there have been some threats of physical intimidation."
Another member of the panel, Siobhan Hennessy from Deloitte, told the committee she was aware of one example where an employee alleged he was intimidated with physical violence.
"A claimant being beaten ... it's unbelievable," Ms Hennessy said.
She said the claimant went to the police but was told it was a matter they should sort out directly with their employer.
The inquiry has heard about $2.8 million has been paid so far to 117 workers, an average of about $24,000 per claimant.
Professor Fels told the committee he was concerned only 2,100 employees had so far indicated they might lodge a claim.
"At present, 60 per cent of stores has a claim against them and there are probably more that should have a claim against them," Professor Fels said.
He said the intention of 7-Eleven head office to recoup some of the cost of the repayments from their franchisees contributed to the problem.
He said that put an extra obligation on the head office to make sure claimants were not intimidated from coming forward.
7-Eleven chairman Michael Smith said the company was working with the independent panel.
"7-Eleven is working cooperatively with Professor Fels in a number of ways, including the provision of documents, enabling access to stores and promoting the existence of the panel and its work to encourage potential claimants to come forward," Mr Smith said.
Professor Fels told the committee initially 7-Eleven head office was in denial about the extent of underpayment and exploitation, and while they had improved, he said there was a considerable way to go.
He also told the committee his panel had concerns about some 7-Eleven regional managers being involved in the underpayment rackets.
Topics: retail, rights, company-news, industrial-relations, australia
First posted
Still, a film of this sort — with rudimentary props and costumes, cartoonish visual effects, poor lighting — would be relatively easy for amateurs to make. Digital video cameras can be purchased for $3,000 or less, and relatively sophisticated video editing software is widely available. Casting can be as simple as posting an ad on Craigslist or tacking a flier to a Starbucks bulletin board.
The Southern Poverty Law Center said Klein is an ex-Marine who has trained church members in "the art of combat."
It [the SPLC] described Klein as founder of Courageous Christians United, which conducts protests outside abortion clinics, Mormon temples and mosques.
It quoted Klein as saying he believes that California is riddled with Muslim Brotherhood sleeper cells "who are awaiting the trigger date and will begin randomly killing as many of us as they can."
Ah yes. How many times have we seen this pattern? First, a shady low-life gets into trouble with the law. Then the spooks find him, whisper in his ear, and promise to make all of his problems go away -- as long as he plays along with some bizarre scheme. For quite a few years, I've called it the "Three R" trick -- the three Rs being Terry Reed, Michael Riconosciuto and Gunther Russbacher.Think about it. Who the hell is going to loan Nakoula -- a guy guilty of freakin'-- the sum of five million dollars? Even if the actual budget was $50,000, how would this jailbird scrape up the dough? He was sent to prison for 21 months in 2010; how did he secure an early release?You can't make a movie of any kind -- even a student film -- if you can't communicate via the internet.And what sort of crook would make it his first order of business, after walking out of jail, to make a movie denigrating Mohammed -- a filmdesigned to create an international incident? If you had no job, no prospects, a prison record and a debt of more than three-quarters of a million dollars, would your first instinct be toEven though you've never made a movie before in your life?And why would say crook also throw in some slurs against the Occupy movement?If this creep cared at all about the Copts in Egypt, he would know that a stunt like this is the last thing those Christians would want, especially at a time like this. For decades, the Muslim Brotherhood has had an extremely suspicious and (at times) threatening attitude toward the Copts, who have always sought harmonious relations with Egypt's Islamic majority. The Copts never -- ever -- insult the followers of Mohammed. The church does everything it can to keep the peace. At this moment, the Coptic patriarchy must be scared to death. (There is no official Pope of the Coptic Church right now, since Pope Shenouda III died recently and the church often waits months before investing a successor with the title. The acting Pope is a Bishop named Pachomius.)Crew members who worked on the film say that they were grossly misled about its content. Apparently, a very different film was shot; crude overdubbing laid in the slurs against Mohammed. The New York Times says that a full film may not even exist, although it has been confirmed that some version of it did play after hours at the Vine in Hollywood. (The Vine is a dump that ran porn for many years. It's the only theater on Hollywood Blvd I've never entered.) The NYT also seems to think that the reported $5 million budget is suspicious:Actually, you can get an HD Canon camera adequate to this task for under $500. (I once saw a camera used on a feature film go for under $200 on an ebay auction.) Many actors will work for free, or for very low wages. All of this suggests that the "budget" is actually a pay-off. Take note of the amount of money he owed in restitution.This is an operation. Spooks recruited NBN. Make no mistake about that. Since NBN did time in an American prison, then whoever offered him the deal must have been in a position to make his parole problems go away.What irritates me is that this is all so bloody sloppy. The spooks behind NBN put no thought at all into their work. It's an insult to our intelligence. You remember that episode ofwhere Homer enters into the Witness Relocation Program wearing a t-shirt bearing the words "Witness Relocation Program"? NBN might as well be wearing a black windbreaker with MOSSAD on the back. Even people who take pride in proclaiming that they don't believe in conspiracy theories are saying thatone is aconspiracy.How can anyone say otherwise, now that we know that the attack on the Libyan embassy was planned well before NBN's production hit YouTube? Fortunately, this shitty trick is not working out very well for Mitt Romney . His team blew their lines. (Timing is everything, fellas.) It's just too bad that a fine ambassador had to die as part of this pathetic Mossad scheme to put the Mittster in office.Incidentally, NBN's partner, Steve Klein , has been identified as an insurance agent in Hemet, California, a desert community best known as one of the headquarters for Scientology. Get this: Again, I'm not surprised by any of this. Spooks use dumb-ass merc wanna-bes all the time. They are malleable and deniable. More on Klein Doesn't like Mormons, eh? Maybe he didn't know that he was party to a plot to put a Mormon in the oval office. The website for Courageous Christians United offers these thoughts on Romney. (Also here .)
The grand opening of the Centennial Wheel got off to a rocky start Friday night, when a power outage briefly halted the running of the new Ferris Wheel at Navy Pier. Trina Orlando reports. (Published Friday, May 27, 2016)
The grand opening of the Centennial Wheel got off to a rocky start Friday night, when a power outage briefly halted the running of the new Ferris Wheel at Navy Pier in Chicago.
Shortly after 8 p.m., Navy Pier officials confirmed that a power outage had caused the wheel to stop. Electricians worked to fix the issue, a spokesperson said, with the priority of keeping people comfortable and getting them down.
Just after 8:30 p.m., the wheel began moving again. A light show previously scheduled for 9 p.m. Friday went on as planned.
The wheel holds more than 400 people, but there were "considerably less" than that on the ride when it stopped, officials said.
"Passengers on the Centennial Wheel were held in place for approximately 20 minutes, were communicated with and have now safety exited the Wheel," a spokesperson for Navy Pier said in a statement just after 9 p.m. "There is a brief interruption of park services due to current weather conditions and there are no injuries reported."
The new attraction has temperature-controlled gondolas, padded seats, TV screens and speakers. At 196 feet tall, the Centennial Wheel reaches 49 feet higher and fits up to 180 more passengers per ride than the previous attraction.
We did it (insert exuberant emoji here)! In collaboration with our amazing set of partners, GBA has successfully delivered the first locally taught Passive House training in Western Pennsylvania–40 hours and five jam-packed days taught by Western Pennsylvanians themselves. Before we do a little horn tooting, a huge thank-you goes out to the organizations that helped make this possible:
Passive House of Western Pennsylvania: This nonprofit, volunteer only organization has partnered with GBA since 2014 — and continues to provide invaluable partnership to ensure Passive House is successful here. Thank you, PHWPA!
This nonprofit, volunteer only organization has partnered with GBA since 2014 — and continues to provide invaluable partnership to ensure Passive House is successful here. Thank you, PHWPA! West Penn Power Sustainable Energy Fund: Without WPPSEF‘s funding support, this endeavor would have only been a good idea instead of a successfully executed program; thank goodness for their ability to share our vision of how the future can (literally) be built more efficiently.
Without WPPSEF‘s funding support, this endeavor would have only been a good idea instead of a successfully executed program; thank goodness for their ability to share our vision of how the future can (literally) be built more efficiently. Passive House Academy: International Passive House pioneers, these Irish experts came to Pittsburgh not only trained our 7 local trainers (and 11 others), and continue to provide training support and content.
International Passive House pioneers, these Irish experts came to Pittsburgh not only trained our 7 local trainers (and 11 others), and continue to provide training support and content. Passive House Institute: Based in Germany, this interdisciplinary research group created the original Passive House concept – and continues to support the standard with well-researched building science. PHI's annual conference and Train the Trainer course also provided an excuse for our 7 local trainers to go to Vienna to complete their training.
Based in Germany, this interdisciplinary research group created the original Passive House concept – and continues to support the standard with well-researched building science. PHI's annual conference and Train the Trainer course also provided an excuse for our 7 local trainers to go to Vienna to complete their training. North American Passive House Network: Is dedicated to bringing quality Passive House education to the U.S. by working with local organizations and it is through this collaboration that training content was provided.
Sometimes good ideas take time to implement — and this one was no exception. In 2015, GBA and PHWPA shared a vision in GBA's small (but LEED Platinum) space of the South Side. That vision was bestowed the gifts it needed to succeed, and we created a vetting process to ensure we would select the best trainers in the land (of WPA). With support from others, we chose seven trainers (the original budget was for three, but we couldn't leave good men and women behind) who stuck with us through a long, international process, devoting a significant amount of their “free” time to ensuring the success of Passive House credential trainings in Western Pennsylvania.
As the demand for Passive House continues to increase locally, nationally, and internationally, GBA and PHWPA are committed to training both designers and builders in high efficiency building methods, ensuring that projects can be conceptualized and physically built by local teams. Feel free to reach out to us directly if you are interested in learning more — and keep your eyes peeled for events on GBA's calendar!
As we all know, every building aspiring towards measurable high performance fosters the development of a more sustainable and resilient built environment here and elsewhere. We are all a part of that effort — and on behalf of all GBA's partners above, we thank you for pushing the standards of healthy, high performance building in Pennsylvania and beyond.
GARDINER — The recent completion of a dual red meat-poultry slaughterhouse in Gardiner represents both a step in the city's effort to be a center for local food and an increase in the state's infrastructure for locally raised meat.
The poultry slaughterhouse, the only one in the state inspected by U.S. Department of Agriculture, is killing and processing around 2,000 chickens and turkeys a week, and the operators of the red meat side expect to start slaughtering cattle and pigs by late July or early August at the Libby Hill Business Park plant. The company running the red meat side, Central Maine Meats, already is processing cattle and pigs three miles away on Brunswick Avenue.
Financial administrator Jennifer Wade leads a tour on Friday of the Central Maine Meats slaughterhouse in Gardiner's Libby Hill Business Park. Staff photo by Joe Phelan Plant manager Charlie Ripley III, left, packs chicken into bags as co-owner and manager Gina Simmons loads bags into a vacuum sealer March 5 at Common Wealth Poultry Co. in Gardiner. Staff photo by Joe Phelan Ryan Wilson leads a tour on March 5 at Common Wealth Poultry Co. in Gardiner. Staff photo by Joe Phelan The new Central Maine Meats slaughterhouse in Gardiner's Libby Hill Business Park is seen on Friday. Staff photo by Joe Phelan Co-owner and manager Gina Simmons takes chicken breasts out of a vacuum sealer March 5 at Common Wealth Poultry Co. in Gardiner. Staff photo by Joe Phelan Ryan Wilson leads a tour March 5 at Common Wealth Poultry Co. in Gardiner. Staff photo by Joe Phelan Business development director Kimberly Schofield talks about the Central Maine Meats slaughterhouse riday during a tour of slaughterhouse in Gardiner. Staff photo by Joe Phelan
There appears to be a need in the region for both slaughterhouses, said Ron Dyer, director of quality assurance and regulations for the Maine Department of Agriculture. Maine has five other USDA-inspected red meat slaughterhouses, but the closest ones to central Maine are up to an hour away — in North Anson, Warren or Windham. There are more state-inspected slaughterhouses, including two in West Gardiner. A difference between the inspections is that those inspected by the USDA can sell the meat across state lines, while the meat from Maine-inspected ones may be sold only in Maine.
Dyer said he's pleased to see the Gardiner slaughterhouses open because he's heard from farmers who say they need more places to take their animals. The Kennebec County region is also good for raising both cattle and chickens, he said, and the new slaughterhouses will reduce some farmers' travel distance.
“It just creates an opportunity, and it's up to the farming community and the slaughterhouses to make it all work,” Dyer said.
Bill Lovely, the owner of the slaughterhouse building and an owner of Central Maine Meats, said he's already heard from a couple of farmers in Richmond who joked that they could walk their cattle to the slaughterhouse.
The poultry side, operated by Common Wealth Poultry Co., has been open since the beginning of March, slaughtering and processing chickens for Maine-ly Poultry in Warren, the state's largest broiler chicken grower.
It's the state's only USDA-inspected poultry slaughterhouse and the first in decades, according to Richard Brzozowski, a poultry specialist with the University of Maine Cooperative Extension. Its opening means Maine-ly Poultry will be able to increase the number of birds it raises and sells, and it might spur other to open similar operations it if succeeds, Brzozowski said.
He said it makes sense to open the slaughterhouse because people in Maine value local products, and chicken is the most popular meat.
“The demand for local food is so strong, and I don't see an end to it,” Brzozowski said.
The owners of Common Wealth Poultry Co., a Whitefield couple in their 20s, met the owner of Maine-ly Poultry, John Barnstein, through a Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association mentorship program.
The couple, Gina Simmons and Ryan Wilson, had been slaughtering and processing poultry at a small plant in Whitefield before opening the Gardiner slaughterhouse, operating under the state's 20,000-bird exemption. Last year, Wilson said, the company killed 20,000 birds in Whitefield, the limit before needing an inspection from the USDA or the state. In the years before that, the company had slaughtered 12,000, 7,000 and 3,000 birds, he said.
During an interview in March at the slaughterhouse shortly after it opened, Wilson said he was most proud of being able to create jobs for people in the area. Besides Wilson and Simmons, nine people work at the poultry operation.
“That's what it's really about to me,” Wilson said. “That's the most important thing, hiring people, especially in a place like this, where the work didn't really exist.”
Later that day, the slaughterhouse's workers had just finished scrubbing down the walls of the rooms where the chickens were killed; and other workers, including Simmons and Barnstein, were cutting up and packaging the 250 chickens, vacuum-sealing the meat under the Maine-ly Poultry label.
“I feel like we've made it to the big leagues,” Wilson said while standing in the all-white packaging room in his white laboratory coat. “I started in the back of my parents' barn. I mean, the whole slaughterhouse was half the size of this entire room.”
He said the slaughterhouse has the capacity to kill and process more birds if the company were to hire more workers. The company already has lined up two organic farms, Goranson Farm in Dresden and Straw's Farm in Newcastle, to begin supplying chickens this summer.
The structure of the red meat side is complete, but the owners are awaiting the shipments of all of the equipment. The company's processing plant on Brunswick Avenue is processing about five cattle and five pigs a week, but that will be up to 40 a week once the slaughterhouse opens, said Jennifer Wade, the company's financial administrator.
Lovely — who owns the buildings, Central Maine Meats and ABJ General Contractor in Gardiner — opened the red meat processing plant in 2013 with a previous business partner under the name Northeast Meats. The other owner of Central Maine Meats, Joel Davis, has been a financial advisor in the region for a few decades.
Eventually, they're planning to be able to slaughter and process 150 to 200 animals a week, Lovely said.
The company has applied for a $540,000 Community Development Block Grant, funded through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and expects a response in June. The grant would allow the company to expand its production more quickly and buy kitchen equipment to be able to make value-added products such as sausages and smoked meats, Lovely said.
Another goal of the company is to expand the amount of Maine meat raised and kept in the state, Lovely said. As part of that, the company is selling its meat to Emery's Meat & Produce, which opened a Gardiner storefront at the start of the year and has another store in Newport.
“It's hard to beat fresh, local products,” Lovely said.
Paul Koenig — 621-5663
[email protected]
Twitter: @pdkoenig
Share
By Robert Romano
James Hodgkinson, the shooter at the Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., posted on Facebook on March 22 stating, “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co,” with a link to a Change.org petition to impeach Trump on charges of treason for allegedly colluding with Russian intelligence services to steal the election. And he wanted to kill as many Republicans as possible in his attempt to mow down GOP Senators and Representatives, where House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.) was shot.
The petition also names former National Security Advisor Mike Flynn, one-time Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and one-time Trump campaign advisor Carter Page as co-conspirators, all who have been similar smeared — thanks to irresponsible media reports and politicians — to be Russian agents.
Hodgkinson now stands as Exhibit A of how exceedingly dangerous these charges have become.
Former Alaska Republican Governor Sarah Palin has urged for national unity in the wake of the shooting, calling for prayers and not to politicize the attack. “Today's shooter appears to be a Bernie Sanders supporter and campaign volunteer. But Bernie Sanders is not to blame,” Palin stated in an exclusive interview with Breitbart.com.
That is true. Sanders is not to blame.
Rachel Maddow has blood on her hands.
The entire mainstream media that has been pushing this “Trump is a Russian agent” narrative for months — without President Donald Trump having ever even been a target of the federal government's investigation into alleged Russian meddling of the 2016 election — has blood on their hands.
All of the government officials who leaked this bull$%it story to the media in the first place have blood on their hands.
Christopher Steele, who concocted the now-discredited dossier on behalf of Democrat donors to be used against Trump alleging that not only had Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and put it on Wikileaks, but that the Trump campaign was an accomplice in that enterprise— without a shred of evidence, mind you — has blood on his hands.
The Obama administration and government agencies including the FBI that then legitimized that dossier, and even offered to hire Steele to carry on his work, has blood on its hands.
Everyone who has been pushing this story in the affirmative has blood on their hands. Shame!
Congratulations, you've driven your supporters certifiably insane.
Because of months of ceaseless propaganda, blaming Hillary Clinton's election loss on supposed Russian hacking and blaming the Trump campaign, now rabid believers in this nonsense are taking matters into their own hands.
The Russia mass hysteria has now inspired real political violence, not just the imagined bit of political violence on the part of comedian Kathy Griffin. It's a miracle the only person who was killed in this domestic terrorist attack was the shooter himself.
But this is what happens when, for months on end, the national news media, along with complicit government officials including elected leaders, portray the President of the United States as a foreign agent. As a traitor.
It is likely just a coincidence, but this shooting occurred one year to the day from when the Washington Post published the original Russia hacking story on June 14, 2016.
And in just one year, an entire political faction has been driven mad.
A recent Yougov poll in May found that 55 percent of Democrats and 31 percent of Independents in the U.S. said it was probably true or definitely true that “Russia tampered with vote tallies in order to get Donald Trump elected President.”
It's a conspiracy theory, by Yougov's own admission. No government agencies have stated that Russia tampered with voting machines or ballots. But people — millions of people — believe this false story nonetheless because that was what they saw on television from their leaders.
And now we know just how fervent that belief is.
This is the predictable result of mass propaganda, but it also points to a more widespread problem, with the advent of violent groups like Antifa (“Anti-fascists”) and Black Lives Matter. These leftist organizations are seizing upon a fertile environment for political extremism that has been fomented.
This extremism has become mainstream. And now it threatens to engulf this country.
This sort of political violence is nothing new. It was seen in the French Revolution. The Russian Revolution. Mao's Cultural Revolution. In the fascists' rise to power in Italy and Germany. During the Roman civil wars.
And it is as dangerous today as it was in those times.
That is why it is now incumbent on the agencies leading this witch hunt to wrap up their investigations and publicly disclose their findings, even if it reveals abuses by officials of the government's surveillance powers.
Those who promoted this conspiracy theory also need to now be voices of calm. They need to tell their followers that they lack evidence to prove their outlandish, unhinged claims and that they're putting it to rest.
It is going to be hard enough to protect the country from the violence that is to come without the bitter, tin-foil hat conspiracists of the left continuing to peddle their lies on national television. It is now the responsibility for those who have spawned this monster to try to put it back in its cage.
Robert Romano is the senior editor of Americans for Limited Government.
It looks like Justice League is about to lose its streak of number one sales. Not only is Jim Lee away from the book for a few issues, but Avengers Vs X-Men #1 is coming through, and I hear from reliable industry sources that it orders are expected to top 200,000 this weekend. I can't see any way that it won't be a number one best selling issue, can you?
Marvel has created a number of promotions for retailers including advance party promotions, incentives for shops to order large amounts, and a lot of advertising and awareness raising. And it seems to have worked.
But the other question to ask is…. will the 200,000 be enough? I understand that Disney-owned ABC News will be running a feature on the upcoming crossover series, and that another TV network will be running a behind-the-scenes documentary on the making of the comic.
“We're making a concentrated effort like never before to get whatever we can out there,” Marvel marketing guru David Gabriel said. This is probably something to do with that.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is being treated by medical staff at the Boston Red Sox as he continues his rehabilitation following hip surgery.
The England international was in Jamaica last weekend to attend an event for his charitable foundation but has since returned to America and is based in Massachusetts.
Reds owners Fenway Sports Group, who also own the Red Sox, have taken a hands-on interest in Sturridge's fitness as they look to find a solution to his worrying succession of muscle injuries.
Sturridge, who penned a lucrative new deal worth around £140,000 per week last October, was limited to just seven leagues starts last season.
He initially flew to the States back in early May to work with physiotherapists and fitness coaches at the Boston Red Sox baseball team.
After a week of assessments, the decision was taken for him to be operated on by orthopaedic surgeon Dr Bryan T Kelly in New York.
The surgery was hailed as a success but Sturridge was told he would be sidelined for a further four months and isn't expected to play again until September.
Most of his rehab has taken place in America and he has previously spoken about his gratitude for what Liverpool's owners have done for him.
“I like America, the way of thinking is different,” he said.
“When you're injured it's important to have a different mentality. You have to channel yourself that you're not a football player, that you could be a boxer or a tennis player or whatever it may be.
“You have to have a single-minded mentality to get back in the best shape possible. When you're injured it's important to have that type of mentality. That's why, being out here, I'm single-minded, zoning in on what I have to do and it's great to be here.
“The physios at Liverpool are top class, but it's a change of environment that worked before and I wanted to do it again.
“The Boston physio is unbelievable. He's a great guy and the treatments that he does and the techniques that he uses are amazing.
“I'm grateful to be able to work with him because he is an amazing physio. And the fitness coaches here are really good too. So I'm looking forward to getting myself in the best shape possible to aim to return to health and to perform extremely well next season.
“The owners have done everything for me. I've nothing but gratitude towards them. They've moved heaven and earth for me to be comfortable. So I cannot thank them enough for what they've done for me. I'm very grateful.
“It's humbling. They have gone out of their way to make me feel comfortable and to get me whatever I need. I can never thank them enough. Hopefully I'll be able to repay with them goals.”
During a stroll around Boston on Friday, Sturridge posted on social media: “Boston is too sexy right now. Charles river and sparkling water is my afternoon.”
He later delighted American Reds by walking into the Phoenix Landing bar – the headquarters for Liverpool FC supporters in Boston.
Sturridge posed for photos and signed autographs.
Staff at the bar posed on Facebook: “Well, The Phoenix Landing just had a visitor... LFC Boston you all missed your opportunity! Daniel Sturridge knows where LFC's home is in ‎Boston now!”
Silly season is in full swing in the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship, with a number of off-season changes expected prior to the 2016 season-opening Rolex 24 at Daytona in January.
Sportscar365 looks at the confirmed and possible entries for the Prototype Challenge class, which is set to be injected with new car upgrades and extended through the 2017 season.
Confirmed Full-Season (5-7 cars):
CORE autosport – Jon Bennett and Colin Braun are set to defend their drivers and team titles in the No. 54 Oreca FLM09, in an expected identical program for the Rock Hill, S.C.-based operation. (1 car)
Starworks Motorsport – The Florida-based team is set to return for a championship bid with up to two cars. Renger van der Zande has been re-signed for 2016, with team boss Peter Baron talking to a number of prospective customers. (1-2 cars)
Performance Tech – Following a breakout season in terms of performance, the Brent O'Neill-led squad will return with its PC entry, with the intention of retaining James French, who proved to be one the surprise standouts in the 2015 season. (1 car)
BAR1 Motorsports – The Brian Alder-led team has confirmed at least one full-season entry next year, with a second car at selected events, that could develop into a season-long deal. Driver lineups have yet to be announced. (1-2 cars)
JDC/Miller Motorsports – The John Church-led squad will return for third full-season campaign, with Mikhail Goikhberg confirmed in the team's single entry for the entire championship and Chris Miller set for the NAEC races. A full-time second driver is expected to be finalized shortly. (1 car)
Possible Entries:
PR1/Mathiasen Motorsports – With the team in the advanced stages of finalizing a potential move to the Prototype class, the Bobby Oergel-led team may not return to defend its PC class victories at Daytona, Sebring and Petit Le Mans next year.
RSR Racing – The Paul Gentilozzi-led team has put its two cars and full spares package up for sale, with the PC stalwarts understood to be working on a move to a new program in a different class. Chris Cumming, meanwhile, is set to shift his focus to the FIA WEC next year.
​Marvel's newest film, "Thor: Ragnarok", has been unstoppable at the box office. So far, it has grossed roughly $650 million dollars worldwide. Aside from being highly impressive, this has made yet another hit for Marvel Studios.
In fact due to its success, "Thor: Ragnarok" has officially out grossed another hit superhero film, "Logan".
The final film with Hugh Jackman playing Wolverine was a highly profitable and critically acclaimed film, grossing $616.8 million worldwide. The film managed to pull on the heart strings of audience goers with its somber tone, tragic plot, and heartbreaking ending.
Many of the things people loved about "Logan" are the exact opposite in "Thor: Ragnarok". Thor's third film is bright, full of energy, and comes with an epic 80's soundtrack.
The two have both been critically acclaimed. On Rotten Tomatoes, "​Thor: Ragnarok" ​holds a 93% positive critic score and a 90% positive audience score, while "Logan" managed to earn the ​exact same score.
Be sure to check out "Thor: Ragnarok" before it leaves the theaters, you will regret missing it.
Don't forget to check out "Logan" on home video, as it is the perfect conclusion to Hugh Jackman's role as Wolverine.
​​And don't miss "Thor: Ragnarok" out now!
OK. Seriously. The Shake Weight was one thing. But I can understand how that was just an innocent female-oriented workout aid that was appropriated by immature internet cads. But this thing? There's no way it's not overtly about jerking off.
The Free Flexor is just a pliant cord with two weights on the end. They call it "circular strength technology." But no, you're just jacking off a giant floppy weight. Not convinced? These dudes grunting whilst training sure seem to be enjoying it. 1:38—I rest my case. Their muscles are crying! Their bodies are on fire! "I have to switch arms!" The grunts! I fail to see how this is giving you any kind of workout you can't give yourself... for free. But if you combined this with a Shake Weight and a Fleshlight, you might indeed have the Ultimate Body Destruction Workout. [The Consumerist]
He's played fantasy dragons and futuristic terrorists, but stepping into the role of Marvel Studios' Sorcerer Supreme in Scott Derrickson's Doctor Strange holds no terror for Benedict Cumberbatch — in large part, it turns out, due to his faith in the studio responsible.
“I don't think it's a risk because of Marvel,” the actor told The Wall Street Journal. “Marvel is a stable of bringing out ordinary comic characters and turning them into screen-like gods.”
The movie will be “very different, it's an Astral Plane,” Cumberbatch went on, adding that there's “a huge new element to this Marvel universe that's going to be employed in building this story and this character.” He went on, “I'm really excited about it, about working with Scott, whose imagination is endless, and all the boys and girls at Marvel who know what they're doing.”
Cumberbatch also suggested that the movie would go into production in the second half of the year, saying “I've got a few things to get under my belt first. I've got to do that little stage production of Hamlet in the summer and the Christmas special of Sherlock, which we start shooting in about three days' time.”
Doctor Strange, written by Jon Spaihts, is scheduled for release Nov. 4, 2016.
Read more Benedict Cumberbatch on Playing Doctor Strange: "It's a Thrilling Gig to Get”
Fewer than half of Americans know Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens, a new poll shows. The results reflect a stark reality about the nation's awareness of the Caribbean territory and the island's financial crisis.
The Economist-YouGov survey of 2,000 U.S. citizens aged 18 and older, conducted from May 6 to 9, found just 43 percent of Americans knew the citizenship status of Puerto Ricans. And 41 percent said the island's residents were simply Puerto Rican, presumably assuming the territory is a sovereign country. The remaining 15 percent said they were unsure of nationality.
However, Puerto Ricans have held American citizenship since 1917, are able to carry American passports and can enter the U.S. mainland freely. Residents of the island can't vote for a president unless they move to one of the 50 states, but they can send delegates to the party conventions.
Regardless, lawmakers have been reluctant to help Puerto Rico deal with growing financial woes this year.
The territory has been struggling to make payments on more than $72 billion in debt and the government defaulted on most of a $422 million payment this month.
To watch HuffPost RYOT's 360-degree footage on a desktop browser, tap and drag to look around. On a phone, click the video to open it in the YouTube App and pan by moving your phone.
Officials across the political spectrum in Puerto Rico have called on Congress to allow the island to restructure its debt using chapter nine of the U.S. bankruptcy code. Federal law allows municipalities and public corporations in all 50 states the ability to seek bankruptcy relief, but Puerto Rico is excluded. Bondholder groups and some conservatives in Congress have derided the proposal to offer bankruptcy relief to Puerto Rico as a “bailout,” though it wouldn't imply a cost to taxpayers.
“The human costs for the 3.5 million Americans in Puerto Rico are real," Treasury Secretary Jack Lew wrote in a letter to lawmakers this month. "And they are escalating daily."
But the issue had been mired in party politics for months, despite only 8 percent of polled Americans saying they were actually paying attention to Puerto Rico's financial problems.
Many Republican leaders have that argued Puerto Rico, not an official state in the union, should be left to deal with its financial problems on its own. But House Speaker Paul Ryan finally announced a tentative deal with the Obama administration to help Puerto Rico this week.
Edelkrone has announced updates to two of their products that are worth checking out. First, there is the new Pocket Rig 2, a compact camera rig ideal for run and gun scenarios.
It may be a little bulky to actually fit in your pocket, but for good reason. A support arm folds out from underneath the baseplate. It's fully adjustable and allows you to comfortably shoot from the shoulder or even the hip.
They've also included industry standard 15mm rods that unfold from the other side. You can easily attach a follow-focus and matte box. The rods even extend about 7 inches (18cm), providing ample space for all of your accessories.
A standard 1/4 inch tripod connection hole allows the entire rig to be attached to a tripod. This would come in very handy in hectic environments when one must quickly alternate between handheld shooting and working off the tripod.
I can definitely see how run and gun DSLR shooters will appreciate this tool, especially those who frequently travel. Larger rigs often take up a lot of space in gear bags, but this compact rig easily fits into a small camera bag. They also take a few minutes to set up. In a run and gun scenario those few minutes equal missed shots. When I'm shooting I don't always need a large rig, but I can't remember how many times I wished I had something smaller that gets the job done.
The Pocket Rig 2 is an ideal fit for someone who doesn't need the bulk of a larger rig, and just wants something to help get that stable shot. And for $289 it's quite the deal.
Pocket Skater 2
The second product Edelkrone has released is the Pocket Skater 2. Weighing in at only 1 pound, this little device is basically a compact dolly for a DSLR. But it doesn't just move in a straight line. It has 3 wheels that fold out and allow for curved slides.
This little device really grabbed my eye. I like small pieces of gear that provide extra production value. When you look at a shot that used the Pocket Skater 2, you can't tell that it was produced with such a small device. You think it's shot with a dolly. The Pocket Skater 2 is priced at $249. Not bad for a dolly that fits in your camera bag.
The Pocket Rig 2 is available for $289 HERE
Pocket Skater 2 is available for $249 HERE
POCKET RIG 2 TECH SPECS
Folded Size: 5.7 x 2.3 x 2.3 inches (147 x 60 x 60mm)
Weight: 1.5 pounds (.725Kg)
Compatibility: All DSLR's & cameras with 1/4” – 20 thread (Optimized for DSLR's)
Mount: 1/4” – 20 on top and 1/4” – 20 on bottom
Support arm length: 11.4 inches (290mm)
Locking mechanism: Constant friction, knob-less joints for hinge tensio n adjustment
Materials: CNC machined aluminum, heavy-duty construction and stainless steel screws
POCKETSKATER2 Tech Specs
Team USA will feature a number of players from the core group from Sochi, and those players view the World Cup, which begins Sept. 17 at Air Canada Centre in Toronto, as possibly their last opportunity to redeem themselves before a younger group of U.S.-born players takes over whenever the next best-on-best tournament is played. It's a challenge they are embracing.
Putting on the USA jersey again at the World Cup of Hockey 2016 will give them a chance to erase it.
The feeling of emptiness that the United States players brought back with them from the 2014 Sochi Olympics still lingers.
"It's a great opportunity for that group in Sochi that we had," New York Rangers defenseman Ryan McDonagh said. "We have a lot of the same guys representing the U.S. that kind of get a chance to get back on the right side of things."
Of the 23 players on the Team USA roster who will open training camp at Nationwide Arena in Columbus on Monday, 14 played in Sochi. There are nine players remaining from the team that lost to Canada in overtime of the gold-medal game at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics.
The U.S. players had gone to Sochi on a mission to complete their unfinished business from four years earlier and won their first four games. Then they came up short in their rematch with Canada in the semifinals, losing 1-0, and fell flat in a 5-0 loss to Finland in the bronze-medal game.
Instead of turning their silver medal from 2010 into gold, they came home with nothing but regret.
"It was a letdown," Washington Capitals right wing T.J. Oshie said. "It would have been amazing to get a medal, but I think overall we had our eye on gold, and it almost felt like it was gold or bust for us."
Video: McDonagh, Pavelski, Schneider on WCH 2016 excitement
Although the U.S. didn't get its desired result, there was no shame in losing to Canada, which went on to win its second consecutive Olympic gold medal by defeating Sweden 3-0. What sticks with some of the U.S. players is how they unraveled in the lopsided loss to Finland when they still had an opportunity for a medal.
"I thought Canada really played well against us," said Minnesota Wild left wing Zach Parise, who was captain of the 2014 team. "We really didn't get much offensively. They locked it down pretty good on us and they had good players. You're going to look at their roster 15 years from now and be like, 'Oh my gosh! All these guys were on the same team together?' The ending in Russia with a 5-0 pretty good waxing was tough. Had we gone home after a 1-0 loss to Canada, of course that would have been brutal, but we finished with a kind of disappointing game, and that's what everyone remembers."
The World Cup is a different tournament with some different teams, but it will give the Team USA players another chance against the world's best to prove they are better than what they showed in Sochi. Parise said there's no guarantee they will win the tournament, but they feel good about the team they have.
In constructing it, general manager Dean Lombardi of the Los Angeles Kings and coach John Tortorella of the Columbus Blue Jackets seemed intent on supplementing the Sochi returnees with players who play with a physical edge, such as Detroit Red Wings forward Justin Abdelkader and the Blue Jackets forward Brandon Dubinsky.
Team USA also won't lack leadership; six players are or have been an NHL captain.
"It's a great group of guys we have going there," Toronto Maple Leafs left wing James van Riemsdyk said. "It's great that you see the way USA Hockey has gone over the years that now you go into these tournaments every time expecting to bring home a gold medal. Obviously, there are a lot of teams there, so we're going to have our work cut out for us. But we're really excited about the opportunity."
With a new coaching staff, having players who are familiar with each other from Sochi could be helpful. The teams have more time to practice together than they did before the Olympics but will have less than two weeks to get ready for games that will count.
Team USA, which plays its World Cup preliminary round opener against Team Europe on Sept. 17 (3:30 p.m. ET; ESPN2, SN, TVA Sports), gathered its players and staff in July to get a head start on team-building and stressed the importance of coming together quickly.
"With USA Hockey, a lot of us have played together at some point growing up," Oshie said. "I think there's already a team feeling with us just because of how much we have played together and the downs we went through in Sochi and the ups. We got together once this summer and had a little bonding thing, so we're excited. I'm excited to see the chemistry."
Chemistry and the motivation to write a better ending than the U.S. had in Sochi can carry Team USA only so far. Against the high talent level it will face in the World Cup, it can't afford any letdowns to have a chance to reach the best-of-3 final and win it.
"The only way you can fix it is to work harder and get better and get another crack," Capitals defenseman John Carlson said. "Only one team gets to win, so everybody else [in Sochi] was feeling pretty badly for themselves too. So we're going to go out there and leave it all on the line."
Exhibition Place could get a whole lot more extravagant if MGM is able to realize its vision for a casino resort on the lake front property. Executives from the American gaming giant officially unveiled their plan to package Ontario Place, BMO Field, Molson Amphitheatre, and the CNE into a single sprawling entertainment complex spanning both sides of the Lake Shore Boulevard.
The major development will, the company says, represent a $3-5 billion investment resulting in 10,000 permanent and 5,000 construction jobs. The overhaul will also see the entrance fee for the Ex scrapped as part a sponsorship deal with MGM and the annual event will be partially shifted to the Ontario Place parking lot, which will be rebranded "Festival Plaza," on the south side of Lake Shore.
Digital images released today depict excited gamers arriving outside a glittering curved entrance (complete with the obligatory gold lion statue) while posing for a photo in the snow. Inside, the company promises cuisine from chef Mark McEwan and a permanent Toronto home for the Cirque du Soleil.
A 1,200-room hotel will be attached directly to the 279,000 square metre gaming halls. Somewhere below, the Exhibition streetcar loop will also be beefed up and buried with direct access from Liberty Village, they say.
The addition of 12,000 underground parking spaces would mean the roads leading to the site would require significant alterations. Ever optimistic, MGM says the new layout with fewer traffic lights will actually improve traffic flow on major nearby streets. An expanded GO station with more frequent service Union Station is also on the cards.
Away from the gambling, ferris wheels, and sporting events, the Marting Goodman bike trail that currently runs parallel to Lake Shore Blvd. will be re-routed along the waterfront past a new landscaped Ontario Place,
possibly tying in with plans for the shuttered park unveiled in 2012.Rob Ford has indicated that the Exhibition Place site is his preferred option for a downtown casino as the city will be able to reap more revenue from the lease of the land. MGM said in a press release their plan will inject "millions" into the local economy and attract new tourists.
A recent report from the board of health suggested any Toronto casino would likely have no effect on the unemployment rate and would disproportionately impact low-income families. Interestingly, councillor Mike Layton, whose ward covers the proposed site, tweeted that he was denied access to the media briefing along with another local resident. "I guess they don't want facts to rain on their pretty model," he said.
Do you believe MGM can deliver on the promises it made today? Would you even want them to? Is this a way to improve the CNE and net some dollars for the city or just a bad idea in general?
MORE IMAGES:
Martin Goodman trail in autumn
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow him on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Images: MGM/Cadillac Fairview.
Well met, Arisens! Here, have some awesome news:
As of January 2016, the epic fantasy action-RPG Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen will be available on Windows PC for $29.99 / € 29.99 / £ 24.99, with full Steam platform support. Huzzah!
In case you missed it on console, Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen is an awesome, inspired, sprawling fantasy game set in an open world, where players create their own unique character and supporting, AI-controlled characters known as Pawns, which can be “rented” and shared online by other players. Battle giant mythical beasts, master a variety of distinct vocations, and explore atmospheric dungeons to uncover endless items and loot.
The PC version will feature stunningly high-res graphics and improved fidelity, as well as support for both the Xbox 360 and Xbox One controllers, as well as a traditional keyboard and mouse control scheme.
Full-Res Screen Gallery
Nam Y. Huh/Associated Press
At UFC Fight Night 37, Dong Hyun Kim and John Hathaway will both be looking to score a fourth consecutive victory. The welterweights are both on the fringe of title contention and could break through with an impressive win in the fight card's main attraction.
The event will also feature the finals of The Ultimate Fighter: China welterweight competition. Unfortunately, the reality show's featherweight final has been delayed due to injury.
While the 170-pounders in the main and co-main events all likely have job security, many UFC Fight Night 37 competitors could be battling to maintain their UFC roster spots on Saturday.
Here are the fighters who will be sitting on the hot seat heading into the weekend.
Matt Mitrione
Josh Holmberg-USA TODAY Sports
After opening his UFC career with five straight wins, Matt Mitrione has quickly been headed in the wrong direction.
Following a recent submission loss to Brendan Schaub, Mitrione has now lost three of his past four bouts. At 35 years old, it is looking more and more unlikely that he will reach title contention in the heavyweight division.
Should Mitrione lose to Shawn Jordan on Saturday, he'll only have lost two in a row, but being defeated in four of five fights could force the UFC brass to consider cutting ties with Mitrione to make room for some new heavyweight prospects.
Hatsu Hioki and Ivan Menjivar
Brought in as a potential title threat to featherweight champion Jose Aldo, Hatsu Hioki has been disappointing inside the Octagon.
After picking up decision wins over George Roop and Bart Palaszewski, Hioki has been shut down by top-10 145-pounders. Ricardo Lamas, Clay Guida and Darren Elkins all found holes in the Japanese fighter's defensive wrestling en route to decision victories.
Hioki's UFC Fight Night 37 adversary, Ivan Menjivar, has also been struggling lately. The former bantamweight is looking to turn things around by moving to 145 pounds following back-to-back losses.
With Hioki looking to avoid a fourth straight defeat and Menjivar hoping to stave off a third, this matchup could bounce a well-known fighter from the UFC roster.
Nam Phan
Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
With two Fight of the Night awards already under his belt, Nam Phan isn't going to be cut too quickly, but he will need to perform well this weekend.
The scrappy 30-year-old has been on the wrong end of decision in three of his past four fights and has currently lost two in a row. Vaughan Lee will be a notable step down in competition from Dennis Siver and Takeya Mizugaki, so more will be expected from Phan in this outing.
Because he's so entertaining, Phan could be kept around despite a third straight loss, but it would likely have to mean he picked up another Fight of the Night bonus.
Albert Cheng and Wang Anying
These TUF: China welterweight semifinalists are getting another shot to prove themselves inside the Octagon.
Albert Cheng and Wang Anying were both submitted in the second round of their respective bouts with 170-pound finalists Zhang Lipeng and Wang Sai. Still, the UFC decided to include both fighters on the finale for the first Chinese season of their reality show.
With a combined 3-2 record, Cheng and Anying would not likely have been considered valuable prospects had they not competed on TUF: China. Considering the loser would not have a winning record, it'd be a good bet that they would be released.
Thanks to a shocking ending in Seattle and a dominant performance in New England, the NFL wrapped up its conference championships on Sunday with equally dominant ratings for Fox and CBS.
According to Nielsen, 49.8 million viewers tuned into Fox to witness Seattle's wild overtime win over the Green Bay Packers, 28-22, in the NFC championship.
Those numbers make the game the most-watched program on American television since Super Bowl XLVIII last year.
The game's madcap final minutes -- agonizing for Packers fans, energizing for Seahawks fans -- helped its audience peak at 59.6 million viewers as it went into overtime.
Keep in mind, Nielsen only counts viewers at home, not groups of people gathered at bars, restaurants and viewing parties.
Later in the day, over on CBS, 42.1 million viewers watched a more subdued AFC championship as the New England Patriots decimated the Indianapolis Colts 45-7.
The strong ratings for CBS came just hours after the network announced it would once again be the home for Thursday Night Football in 2015.
Overall, this weekend's conference championships averaged over 45 million viewers.
While high, these totals were down from the comparable week last year, when 55.9 million viewers watched the NFC championship and 51.3 million watched the AFC championship.
But they're up from the totals a year earlier, in 2013, when the NFC championship drew 42 million viewers and the AFC drew 47.7 million.
While a big rating hit for Fox, this year's Seahawks' game also had an incredible social presence online.
Fans on social media followed along, almost dumbstruck, as the Seahawks somehow, someway erased a sixteen point halftime deficit to defeat the Packers.
"Based on my Twitter feed, this game should get a Nielsen rating of 'everyone,'" tweeted Brent Weinstein, head of digital media at United Talent Agency.
While the audience wasn't everyone, the NFC Championship did result in 358 million Twitter impressions.
The last minute heroics of Seattle are a great example of why the league's games have to be watched live, which is a rarity in today's delayed TV viewing world.
And the biggest broadcast of all is still to come: the Seahawks take on the Patriots in Super Bowl XLIX on NBC on February 1.
At this point everyone has heard the story of how Social Security and Medicare are going to bankrupt our children. There is a whole industry dedicated to promoting the idea that our kids risk having much lower standards of living than their parents or grandparents because of these programmes.
This story is routinely repeated in various forms by politicians and columnists who decry the fact that we don't care enough for our children and that the elderly have too much political power. The remarkable part of this story is that there is no conceivable way that it is true and every economist knows it. Unfortunately, economists generally feel little need to inform the public about important policy matters - or at least that seems to be the case when the information might undermine the agenda of powerful interests.
The conventional story of how Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid will bankrupt our children is a game of three card Monte. It's about getting people to focus on the non-issue and to ignore the real issue.
The story is that we will have to pay higher taxes in the future than we do today to support these programmes because of a falling ratio of workers to retirees. This is true.
Of course even at this most basic level the demographics are horribly misrepresented. Most of the projected rise in the cost of these programmes comes from the projection that rising per person health care costs will drive up the cost of Medicare and Medicaid, not the ageing of the population.
The answer to this problem is to fix our health care system. If our per-person cost were in line with those of any other wealthy country our projections would be showing long-term surpluses, not deficits.
But this is really the sidebar; the trick is that the deficit gang has got everyone to focus on the deficit and prospective tax burdens as a measure of their well-being. The implication is that if our children face a higher tax burden than we do then they will have lower living standards.
This is absurd on its face. Suppose Bill Gates paid a 90 percent tax rate on all of his income. He still would have a far higher after-tax income than just about all of us. And this is exactly the story with our children. On average they will have a much higher before-tax income than do workers today. As a result, even if they have large increases in their tax rates, on average they will have much higher after-tax incomes.
This is hardly a secret. The Social Security Trustees Report gives a typical set of projections. It shows that before-tax wages will be on average almost 50 percent higher in 2040 than they are today. This means that even if we had very large increases in tax rates, our children and grandchildren will have a much higher after-tax income in 2040 than workers do today.
Orlando retiree confident with Obama's
direction for the US
All economists know this. The basic point is not in dispute. Yet how often is this point made in policy debates? Do our representatives in Congress who whine about the plight facing our children and grandchildren, who sometimes talk about child abuse because of the risk that tax rates could rise, realise that our children are virtually certain to enjoy higher after-tax income than workers today?
In fact, the situation is even more distorted than these numbers imply. A large percentage - quite likely a majority - of economists holds the view that the consumer price index overstates the true rate of inflation. This is important because it means that wages will actually rise much more rapidly than projections like those in the Social Security Trustees Report indicate.
A recent paper published by the Brookings Institution assumed that the overstatement of inflation is 0.8 percentage points annually. The implication of this claim is that the wage of an average worker will be more than 80 percent higher in 2040 than it is today. It would take some really huge tax increases to push these workers' after-tax wages below the after-tax wages of workers today.
In other words, the idea that workers in 20, 30 or 40 years will on average have lower after-tax wages than do workers today is absurd on its face. Yet tens of millions of people believe it. This absurd concern has been at the centre of national debate for much of the last quarter century.
This is the great Three Card Monte trick. What will matter to the living standards of our children and grandchildren is the upward redistribution that we have seen over the last three decades. If this upward redistribution continues, then most workers will see little benefit from economic growth in the future. In that situation, their living standards may not be much better than those that workers are seeing today and possibly even worse, because a small group at the top will get most of the benefits of growth.
However this is not an issue of intergenerational distribution, it is a question of intra-generational distribution. Yet many economists are running around saying the opposite, arguing that we have to cut Social Security, Medicare and other programmes that primarily benefit the elderly in order to help our children.
This speaks to the incredible corruption of the economics profession. The vast majority of economists are supporting, or at least acquiescing, in plans to cut Social Security and Medicare even though they know that the upward redistribution of income is the real threat to future living standards.
Dean Baker is a US macroeconomist and co-founder of the Centre for Economic and Policy Research.
Follow him on Twitter: @DeanBaker13
Article on sexual abuse of minors ‘annulled on technicality': Turkey's Constitutional Court
ANKARA
“The decision for the annulment of the Constitutional Court did not imply a categorical decriminalization of the sexual abuse actions committed against young children under 15 years of age,” the statement read, adding that the need to issue the press release had arisen since “it was observed that some foreign media organs made intentional news by distorting” the decision of the Constitutional Court dated May 26, 2016, “in seeking to defame the country.”
“Despite the allegations, sexual abuse actions committed against young children aged under 15 years were not decriminalized with the aforementioned decision,” adding that the rule was annulled on technical legal grounds,” it read.
The Constitutional Court announced the decision that the provision for an annulment be put into effect after six months from the date in which it is published in the Official Gazette.
“Thus, it was decided that the provision for the annulment be put into effect after six months from the date when it is published in the Official Gazette so that a legal gap does not occur as a consequence of the annulment,” it said.
“Sexual abuse actions against children will not be decriminalized and will not go unpunished, and the legislative body will be provided the opportunity to make a new regulation within the scope set out in the grounds,” it said, adding that six-month period in question went into effect on July 13.
Noting that sexual abuse committed against children under the age of 15 continued to be criminal acts, the Constitutional Court said it had been “provided the opportunity to make a new regulation addressing some technical problems stated in the annulment decision within the prescribed period.”
Also on Aug. 15, Justice Minister Bekir Bozdağ shared a lengthy tweet discussing the much-criticized ruling, as foreign officials' criticism of the ruling has led to tension among Turkey, Austria and Sweden.
In his tweet, Bozdağ said that with its decision, Turkey's top court changed the first and second sentences of the related law's first article, which used to identify all sexual intercourse of those under the age of 15 as sexual abuse.
Bozdağ said the ruling changed this by removing the phrase “those who have not completed” the age of 15, which means that not all sexual acts committed by those people would be considered abuse.
An article on sexual abuse actions committed against children under the age of 15 has been annulled on technical legal grounds, Turkey's Constitutional Court said in a statement released on Aug. 15.
The only thing we know for sure about the outcome of the Conservative leadership race is that Kevin O'Leary quit before he could be counted. Conservatives are now left with 13 options to replace Stephen Harper.
There's no perfect choice; there never is. But there is enough punching power to take on Justin Trudeau and whichever poor sap ends up with Thomas Mulcair's job.
The next Conservative leader must: 1) keep the party united; 2) provide an effective opposition; and 3) attract support to the Conservative movement by pitching conservative policies.
There's no point picking a leader who has no mates in the party. Also pointless? Picking someone who is liked but can't land a blow against Trudeau. But most useless of all would be to pick someone who has support and House chutzpah but isn't able to broaden the Conservative base.
The saddest part of this contest has been its introversion; there has been too much said to people who are likely to vote Conservative no matter what.
It was the path of the least resistance. Growing necessitates a tricky discussion about what, exactly, being a “conservative” means. And how conservatism is practised.
For me, being a conservative means providing effective and accountable government that is powered, where possible, by the market. Having been inside it, I can assure you the federal bureaucracy will always claim a role, even when common sense dictates that it has none.
Is this a point in Maxime Bernier's favour? Perhaps. But he's not my pick. I'm not convinced he's got enough caucus support. Or precise enough command of English to command the House (and by extension the viewers watching). And I fear Bernier is a little too Ayn Rand to win over Canadians to his brand of libertarianism, which is itself a minority sect of conservatism.
Libertarians scare the bejeezus out of most people, and Canadians, in particular, believe in government enough not to want it blowtorched by the radicals. Social conservatives don't like it much either when it comes to marriage or drugs.
This isn't to discourage boldness, which Bernier has in spades. New policies must be put forward, but the next leader can't go too far, too fast, in too cavalier a manner.
Any policy radicalism must therefore be wrapped up in a pleasant package. That rules out Kellie Leitch and her “values” brigade, who are radical in the wrong way and spectacularly wrong in how they talk about it. To choose Leitch would be to confirm, once and for all, the precise size of the core Conservative vote.
Now, Andrew Scheer and Erin O'Toole aren't threatening dudes, as evidenced by their significant support from fellow caucus members. But their platforms read like warmed-up Harper leftovers. It wasn't enough in 2015 and it's unlikely to do the trick in four years' time.
Scheer and O'Toole would keep the team together and do well in the House, but I'm not convinced they could build the kind of support needed to dethrone Trudeau. There's just not enough new on offer.
Which brings me to Michael Chong.
You want boldness and bravery? The man argued for a market-based carbon tax (with offsetting cuts to personal and corporate taxes, and an end to many of the niche and costly tax expenditures brought in by the previous government) in room after room of hostile audiences.
You want principled? The man resigned from cabinet instead of support something (the famous “Quebec Nation” motion) he didn't believe in. He then brought forward a Reform Act to give more power to backbench MPs, over the initial objection of the Prime Minister's Office.
It's sad that it's not fashionable to say this, but Chong's plan on taxes and the environment is a) conservative, and b) would give Conservatives a way to reach younger voters who are worried about their personal finances, their inherited debt and their planet.
And most impressively, Chong has done it all with a smile on his face, even when that face was plastered on Guatemalan toilet adverts, or blushing because of an awkward and embarrassing column in the Globe and Mail about a stranger considering whether to breastfeed his son. It speaks well to his character that he handled both of these bizarre incidents with unerring grace.
Can Chong keep the Conservative movement together? That would be his challenge, but the tools are there.
In addition to conservative policies, Chong is mixed-race, lives on a farm, has a strong family and speaks French. That's a nice combo for anyone with an open mind. He also has a plan for Parliament that would increase the role of MPs.
In other words, Michael Chong is a principled man who can speak to all Canadians, in both languages, with grace, on behalf of an empowered team of Conservatives.
Choose Chong.
…
With Kevin O'Leary out of the race, the leadership is likely to be won by one of the following five candidates.
The Frontrunner:
Maxime Bernier
54 years old
Libertarian conservative
MP for Beauce, Que.
First elected January 2006 (re-elected 2008, 2011, 2015)
Minister of Industry (March 2006 – August 2007); Minister of Foreign Affairs (August 2007 – May 2008; Minister of State for Small Business and Tourism (May 2011 – November 2015); Minister of State for Agriculture (July 2013 – November 2015)
Signature policy: dismantling Canada's supply management system
The Populist
Dr. Kellie Leitch P.C., O.Ont., M.D., M.B.A., F.R.C.S.(C)
47 years old
Populist conservative (formerly progressive conservative)
MP for Simcoe-Grey, Ont.
First elected May 2011 (re-elected 2015)
Minister of Labour (July 2013 – November 2015); Minister responsible for the Status of Women (July 2013 – November 2015)
Signature policy: a “values” test for all immigrants and visitors to Canada
The Social Conservative
Andrew Scheer
37 years old
Social conservative
MP for Regina-Qu'Appelle, Sask.
First elected 2004 (re-elected 2006, 2008, 2011, 2015)
35th Speaker of the House of Commons (June 2011 – December 2015)
Signature policy: making federal grants to universities and colleges contingent on their support for free speech
The Caucus Favourite
Erin O'Toole
44 years old
Centrist conservative
MP for Durham, Ont.
First elected 2012 in a by-election (re-elected 2015)
Minister of Veterans Affairs (January 2015 – November 2015)
Signature policy: “Generation Kickstart”, which includes giving students a $100,000 basic personal exemption from income tax, to be used over their first three years out of school.
The Longshot
Michael Chong
45 years old
Progressive conservative
MP for Wellington-Halton Hills, Ont.
First elected June 2004 (re-elected 2006, 2008, 2011, 2015)
President of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada; Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs (February 2006 – November 2006)
Signature policy: a carbon tax paired with reductions in personal and corporate income tax
—
Andrew MacDougall is a London-based communications consultant and was director of communications to former prime minister Stephen Harper.
In 2012, 5,718 guns were reported stolen in South Carolina, according to federal data. (Photo: CLEVENGER MICHAEL , The Courier-Journal )
Thieves in South Carolina are doing their holiday shopping and guns are at the top of their list.
The state remains one of the nation's top illegal exporters of guns, federal authorities say, and much travel the "Iron Pipeline" of Interstate 95 to the Northeast, where stolen guns sell on the streets to criminals for three to four times their value.
Even South Carolina law enforcement agencies have been hit.
Spokesmen for the state Department of Public Safety, the state Department of Corrections and the State Law Enforcement Division told The Greenville News they have had firearms stolen from their agencies during the past three years.
"You will find guys who are doing firearms trafficking, or knuckleheads who come down here from other places and acquire guns and steal guns and take them back up North and dispose of them there because you have places like New York, New Jersey and D.C. where the laws are restrictive," said Gerod King, an agent and spokesman with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives office in Charlotte.
King said crooks use South Carolina as a source state for weapons because gun laws are more restrictive in other states.
For 2012, the latest year for which federal data is available, 5,718 guns were reported stolen in South Carolina, the 11th highest total in the nation.
Top States For Stolen Guns 2012 States Arizona South Carolina Alabama Tennessee Pennsylvania Ohio District of Columbia North Carolina California Florida Georgia Texas Guns stolen
A 2010 report by the group Mayors Against Illegal Guns found that South Carolina ranked sixth in the nation in the number of guns used in crimes in other states. The rate is based on the number of guns per 100,000 residents in the originating state. Other Southern states also ranked high in the study, including Mississippi (first), Alabama (fifth) and Georgia (10th).
The state Department of Public Safety, which houses the Highway Patrol, had five handguns stolen and one shotgun with ammunition since 2012, according to a spokesman. The shotgun and ammo, stolen in July, have since been recovered, according to the agency.
Thom Berry, a SLED spokesman, said two handguns belonging to SLED personnel were taken in 2013, one from a home break-in and another from a vehicle break-in.
The prisons agency during the past four years has had one weapon lost or stolen that sparked a SLED inquiry, according to Stephanie Givens, a spokeswoman for the agency. She said the probe did not turn up the weapon.
Johnathan Bragg, a spokesman for the Greenville Police Department, said the theft of guns "is a lot more common than people think."
"People will leave the cars unlocked and leave their guns in their consoles or leave them in their trunks or something like that," he said. "We typically don't see them recovered as much unless they are used in a crime."
King said handguns of any type are prized by thieves.
"They are the weapon of choice by street gangs and hoodlums because they can conceal them," he said.
And while some thieves will keep guns they find in burglaries for their own protection, King said others will become traffickers and take them to other states because the profit margin is so high.
Some of them are acquired through legal means, he said, using "straw purchases" in which a friend or relative of a trafficker will buy guns at a gun show, a flea market or from a licensed dealer so the trafficker's name is not on any paperwork, in some cases because the trafficker has been convicted of a felony, which would prevent him from buying a gun.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Top 5 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The five biggest headlines in your inbox each morning Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-736-7136. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Top 5 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
A true indicator of firearm trafficking, King said, is what agents call a "short time to crime" — less than three months between the time a gun was originally purchased in a state and then surfaces in a crime in another state.
South Carolina's average time to crime is nine years, compared to 11 years for the national average, according to the ATF.
While guns are moved out of state, law enforcement say some are reused in South Carolina crimes as well. Out of 4,307 weapons recovered in the state in 2013, according to the ATF, 2,348 came from South Carolina.
Where SC Guns Ended Up in 2013 States Florida New Jersey Georgia New York North Carolina Number of recovered guns
Stolen guns from the state sometimes surface in shootings. Among such crimes:
• A 2008 shooting in Clinton in which the gun was traced to a gun store burglary that year.
• A gun used by a man in 2010 in which he opened fire in an AT&T store in New York was stolen from a Lake City, S.C. automobile burglary, according to investigators. The man shot one employee who survived, and the shooter was killed by an off-duty officer.
• A 40-caliber Glock used in a drive-by shooting in 2010 in Jonesville was stolen from a Union police officer the day before, according to investigators.
• A gun used in the shooting of a Varnville man earlier this year was stolen from Barnwell County the month before, authorities said.
• The handgun used in the 2013 Columbia shooting that severed the spinal cord of an 18-year-old University of South Carolina student was stolen, according to police.
King said he knows someone whose wife one day forgot to set the home burglar alarm and thieves broke into the house and stole a gun. It turned up two weeks later in the hands of some Charlotte criminals.
"They will make it into the criminal element," he said of stolen guns. "That's one of the things of value they look for when they break into a home. A gun is always going to be a thing of value."
Electronics may be obsolete when a thief attempts to pawn them, but a gun will always hold its value, he said.
Guns are considered tools of the trade for some criminals, King said, so once they are stolen criminals may keep them instead of trying to sell them.
"They will hold onto them until they steal one in a break-in or acquire one that is better and then they'll dispose of it, but they don't ever want to be caught without a tool," he said.
King said many times thieves are not breaking into homes or cars just to find guns, "but they do know the places to look." He said common spots include a nightstand, under a pillow or mattress.
"If they find them, it's kind of like winning a mini-lottery," he said. "'Hey, we're going to get paid now because we did get a gun or two.'"
Because thieves are opportunists, law enforcement officers say they look for what they can find right away. Locking guns away in a safe or another locked storage compartment will cost thieves time they don't want to spend.
King said many gun owners keep their guns inside the cabin of the vehicle, which he said is a mistake because thieves know where to look.
He suggested if gun owners have to store guns in a vehicle to leave them in the trunk or a truck's locked storage container.
He said a construction worker went into a Charlotte-area mall for lunch and placed his gun in the console. Thieves broke into several cars, including his, and took the gun, which later wound up in the hands of a criminal.
Bragg advised gun owners not to leave guns in vehicles, even if they are locked.
"You always run the risk of your car being broken into, especially in the holiday season," he said. "There are people out looking for any spare change. They are looking for presents. They know most people will put them in the trunks. If your gun happens to be in there as well, it's just going to be an extra bonus."
Bragg said gun owners should keep their guns in wall-mounted safes in their homes, in part to protect access from children, or any type of safe "so it's not convenient to haul out of there."
"Most people who commit a residential burglary want to get in and out as quick as possible," he said. "So just keep them so they are not easily accessible and not easy to find."
Read or Share this story: http://grnol.co/1AwqcTk
It's almost a science. One or two smart veteran professional players combined with three to four green rookies who have hardly seen a competitive game before — it's a formula employed by SK Telecom T1 in 2013 with PoohManDu and Impact. It's been attempted more frequently in China as well with teams like Unlimited Potential end Edward Gaming. Each team needs a fair amount of new and promising talent to prepare for the future, but the guidance and experience of a veteran is also important.
Vici Gaming takes it to an extreme. VG has a long history of cycling through rising stars and discarding them quickly if they don't seem to fit. Qiao Gu's TnT, LGD Gaming's GODV, and Master3's Smlz have all played on Vici Gaming for a period of time before the organization decided to let them go. VG's quest for undiscovered talent they can raise has caused them to constantly reinvent their roster.
This year, Vici Gaming finally grabbed a much-needed core. Choi "DanDy" Inkyu and Cho "Mata" Sehyong, main contenders for the MVP award at the 2014 World Championship, form a core unit for VG and inject much-needed experience into the lineup. From there, the team builds around them.
Rifling through the solo queue and amateur talent in China is a monumental task. The top server in China, Ionia, features a slew of potentials, and 16 LSPL teams and layers of amateur teams follow them up. Outside DanDy and Mata, Vici Gaming have signed two top laners, one jungler, two mid laners, and three AD carries this season, all of them, Vasilii excepted, with minimal competitive experience.
After rotating out many of these players and a controversial role swap that moved DanDy, regarded by many as the best jungler in the world last year, to the top lane, Vici Gaming have finally found a lineup that makes them look like a legitimate threat in the gambit for spots at the World Championship. The team has retained the vision control and objective-based play that made them strong in Spring, but they've upgraded the talent lineup in their mid and AD carry positions.
Chen "World6" Yutian appeared in Week 3 of 2015 LPL Summer as the team's starting jungler. Wang "Carry" Zujing left the team, officially as a result of health reasons. DanDy wanted to move to the top lane position as a challenge, and VG picked up a rising talent from solo queue to take his place in the jungle.
On Gragas, World6 has developed into a possible jungle giant of the LPL. On other champions, his performances have been less impressive. When he doesn't select his preferred Gragas, Vici doesn't fall apart.
Jungler World6's increased time on the team has allowed him to develop more synergy and adopt some of the warding habits of DanDy and Mata. In Spring, I referred to Vici Gaming as "DanDy's Ducklings." It seemed as if Carry and mid laner Wang "Hetong" Bin followed DanDy around the map as he looked for picks. Mata often appeared as if he wanted almost nothing to do with either of the solo laners and preferred to save his peel abilities for DanDy and, on occasion, Li "Vasilii" Weijun.
World6 is Mata's duckling — in a reluctant way. Mata roams and helps World6 secure vision as a stand-in for DanDy. The two work together in two man ganks that don't always go well. But it seems that World6 is a new player that Mata doesn't begrudge. As a result, Mata's own performances, while inconsistent and often seemingly tilted, have improved.
Pi "Xuan" Xiaoxuan is the third in a line of AD carries this season. He spent time in Spring as a substitute mid laner for ex-sister team Unlimited Potential. It's unclear whether he's the best AD carries the team has seen or if Mata's increased motivation makes him look better. Either way, he seems to maximize his damage more often than his predecessors and gets caught less frequently.
Peng "Peng" Yibo should have started for this team earlier. The only feasible excuse for Peng to have not started this summer is that he struggled to improve himself and only very suddenly found both a personal and technical breakthrough. Peng executes well, aims skillshots, and improves Vici Gaming's team fighting significantly more than Hetong.
DanDy isn't a better top laner than Carry yet, but he plays within the confines of his own accepted pool, and his communication with Mata allows his Teleport plays to go off well. He fits the position of roleplayer with enough of a mechanical upside to engage well and coordinate a team fight. He's not a top-tier top laner in LPL, but he understands his limitations well.
Though the team has made small individual upgrades, the biggest change is in cohesion. With increases in mechanics, ability stacking and objective rotation from fights and picks have improved. When World6 moved to invade OMG's jungle, DanDy and Peng or Peng and Mata would collapse pre-emptively. They would arrive before their laning opponents, giving Vici Gaming their advantage to take the set.
Mata's growth has occurred in the realm of patience. He plays much more for the team, taking the initiative to peel indiscriminately. He spams laugh less. He picks fewer troll champions. At the LPL venue, Mata can be heard screaming calls over the crowd. It's almost as if he actually wants this team to succeed.
Perhaps because of the relative newness of the roster, Vici Gaming's team fighting still lacks finesse. LGD, even with poor engage against several forms of peel from Vici Gaming, won team fights from 8,000 gold behind in Game 2 and only lost out because of Vici's over-whelming early lead.
Vici excels best in finding an advantage, through first blood or a turret, and pressuring it. When they have an advantage, they won't let it go unless the enemy team can lock them down. LGD vs Vici Gaming is the meeting of support masterminds, but LGD are full of proven veterans who play much better from behind. LGD have the upper hand, and they should win, even if the series is close.
Falling to LGD isn't the end of the line for Vici Gaming. In some ways, losing is better than winning. The winners of tonight's games go on to face fourth seed Snake, and the lower will contend with third seed Invictus Gaming. Snake effectively coin print their opposition when they're on form. Invictus Gaming's more straightforward top lane early focus should be easy for Vici Gaming to pick apart this time around.
As it stands, regardless of how Vici Gaming does in the Playoffs or Regionals should they advance, their approach to roster building has given them something almost no other team has: a long-standing foundation. By exposing so many young players to perhaps the strongest map control duo in League of Legends history, their developments have been tuned. Even if DanDy and Mata are bought out or break a lengthy contract after the World Championship, Vici Gaming has a future they can build from. That's something I can't say for every team in LPL featuring ex-Samsung stars.
Vici Gaming might not be the best team in LPL now, but they have the best head start in the seasons to come.
Kelsey Moser likes hyping LPL teams before their systematic dismantling. You can follow her on Twitter.
The developers on Lord of the Rings Online have been steadily releasing developer's diaries over the past few weeks, all of them dedicated to the upcoming expansion Riders of Rohan. There are going to be a lot of changes when the expansion hits, whether you buy it or not, and fans are probably going to notice a lot of differences in the way things are balanced, the abilities available to their character and, most of all, the way that horses are used. Yes, for diehard fans, there will be a lot to take in over the coming months. My question though, and the topic of our blog post today, is whether or not it's enough. Could they be doing more to freshen up a game that is arguably in need of a major refresher?
At only five year olds, have the developers run the risk of releasing additional content that will only benefit long-term players? Are new and returning MMO gamers likely to be underwhelmed? Read on…
Horse Attack
It's about time that MMO developers started realizing mounted combat should come as standard . Actually, let's just amend that sentence a little bit: it's about time developers everywhere started realizing mounted combat should come as standard. If a wolf is biting at your feet, the natural reaction isn't to climb down to his level, draw your sword very slowly and then enter into a turn-based, number-driven battle. Quite the opposite in fact, the reaction is to either ride hide or strike hard.
In the Riders of Rohan update - as you'd expect given the Riders' place in Middle Earth mythos – mounted combat is at the forefront of the new features. It's an important one as well, as it'll completely change the way that new players enjoy much of the combat in the game. As you ride around, you'll be able to queue attacks which will automatically deploy when you're in range of the target. It won't make a huge difference in most cases – you'll probably still end up being damaged by something that should have no way of actually connecting with you – but the addition of movement and speed will shake things up enough to make the new battle system worth looking into.
Balancing Act
You characters, almost certainly, will be changing slightly over the next few weeks as well. From Burglars to Minstrels, Guardians and Champions, all will be getting new abilities, improved abilities and trait lines and different stances. The game is being massively rebalanced, and while many (relative) newbie players may not feel the change straight away, veteran players will definitely see a difference. Guardians can do more damage, Burglars are more sneaky and Champions can devastate even more than before.
It'll certainly make choosing a race at the beginning of the game even more difficult than it was before, knowing full well that a fully levelled character can change the course of a battle with a single swipe, a secret attempt at poisoning or a short, sharp bash with a shield.
Questing Question
Of course, additional features and balancing are all good and well, but it seems unlikely that anybody would pay for those alone. There are a load of new quests being added into the game, and if you've ever visited Turbine's take on Tolkien you'll know that there are already a load of quests at your disposal. This time round you'll be directly interacting with the Fellowship during their darkest hour at Amon Hen, be given a chance to meet Ents and to battle alongside a few famous faces from the books and films. In short: the developers are moving the story along, and you can expect a few fairly big questing opportunities along the way. I'm not sure we're quite ready to drop the ring into the Crack of Doom, but we're certainly getting there, and we already have a promise that the next update will include Helm's Deep.
End Game
In addition to the new section of the battle system, the new balancing changes and the new sections of story to be made available to the player alongside the Riders of Rohan update, there's also a pretty meaty addition to the end game as well. If you've played all the quests you can muster, levelled yourself to the very best you can be and continued playing anyway, this bit is for you. Completing it comes with a bevy of rewards. Powerful armour and the title of Thane can be yours, if you can brave it through this final section of Rohan that is.
The village of Hytbold has been destroyed by rampaging Orks and Uruk-Hai and it is your job to help in fixing it. This solo-able addition to the Riders of Rohan expansion will have you rebuilding the village of Hybold and with over 150 repairs and changes to make, you can bet you it's going to take you a good amount of time to finish. By completing randomized quests given to you by the locals, you'll receive supplies with which to fix up a variety of buildings and, as you return the village to its former glory, it'll change and improve in front of your eyes.
Ready to play now? Click the image!
Is This Enough?
I think it's fair to say that only the most core members of the Lord of the Rings Online community will be buying Riders of Rohan. Like me, I'm sure there are countless people that love the sound of rebuilding Hytbold and visiting Theoden and kin, but don't fancy having to (or just don't have the time to) complete the thousands of quests already available in Hobbiton and beyond. Ultimately, there's very little here to entice newer players to actually out and out buy the expansion and given that few of them are likely to buy it anyway, the question, I suppose, is should the developers even try to entice? It's a vicious circle and I can't see any logical way of fixing it without changing the core mechanics of the game.
Generally though, there are some awesome updates – some of which will be delivered to players for nothing – and a developer so heavily supporting their free-to-play game five years after its initial release really should be celebrated.
Conclusion
For many people, the contents of this article (and more importantly, of the expansion) are going to be little more than neat ideas in some far off portion of a game they've hardly played. The rebuilding of Hytbold is a great chance to expand your game, but when the expanse is already overwhelmingly large, Hytbold seems like a very distant goal. Still, you can bet your bottom dollar that this will reinvigorate the LotRO community like no previous expansion and that's all because the developers are putting so much effort into making new and exciting experiences in-game.
Having a moon like ours makes us very special, cosmically speaking. This is according to proper scientists at the Universities of Arizona and Florida (as opposed to Mystic Meg), who've been searching the universe with the Spitzer space telescope for other planetary systems like ours.
The Earth-Moon system is a rarity in the universe. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech
The team has concluded that satellites created by an enormous collision (as the moon was) probably only turn up in between five to ten per cent of planetary systems.
"When a moon forms from a violent collision, dust should be blasted everywhere," said Nadya Gorlova of the University of Florida, lead author of a study published in the November 20 edition of the Astrophysical Journal. "If there were lots of moons forming, we would have seen dust around lots of stars - but we didn't."
The team went hunting among stars that are of a similar age to our own sun when the moon formed. After scanning 400 of these, they found only one system was immersed in dust. They then factored in the probable span of any "moon forming" period, and calculated that the best chance of a given solar system forming a moon like ours was between five and ten per cent.
Making planets produces large quantities of dust, since worlds are built up from huge collisions, like the one that formed our moon. For only one system in 400 to have any observable dust suggests that by the age of 30 million years, most systems have finished making their planets.
Younger star systems swirling in dust are likely in the process of forming their planets, Gorlova said. But the rarity of a system being dusty at 30 million years old actually reinforces the idea that something unusual has occurred. If all the other systems have made their planets and settled down, something else might be going on in the anomalous system.
The team also concedes that the dust they have observed doesn't indicate that a moon is actually forming. "We don't know that the collision we witnessed around the one star is definitely going to produce a moon, so moon-forming events could be much less frequent than our calculation suggests," said George Rieke of the University of Arizona, a co-author of the study.
Our moon is given credit for a lot: some suggest that the tides is caused have helped us (well, not us, but life more generally) emerge from the sea. Others have argued that the coincidence of its relative size matching that of the sun is vital to the development of science. they suggest that solar eclipses helped direct humanities attention to the skies, and kick-started our process of understanding the physical world we inhabit. ®
The search is on for gunmen who shot a pizza delivery driver, leaving him in critical condition. Katie Kim reports. (Published Monday, Nov. 10, 2014)
A pizza delivery driver died Tuesday, one day after being shot in the head during an attempted robbery on Chicago's Northwest Side.
Abylbek Yzabekov was pronounced dead at 4:22 p.m. Tuesday at Advocate Lutheran General Hospital in Park Ridge, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office. The 31-year-old, of the 5400 block of North East River Road, was shot early Monday morning during an apparent robbery, authorities said.
Yzabekov got out of his vehicle in the 5400 block of North East River Road at 12:24 a.m. to deliver a pizza while a friend waited in his car, police said.
Two males, one armed with a handgun, walked up to the car and announced a robbery as the delivery man was returning, police said. The armed male fired shots, striking him in the head.
Yzabekov was taken in critical condition to the hospital and later died. His friend was not injured.
The males ran off after the shooting without any money, police said. No one was in custody as of Wednesday morning.
Top News Photos: R. Kelly Leaves Jail After Paying Bond
The word university is derived from the Latin universitas magistrorum et scholarium, roughly meaning “community of teachers and scholars”. The term was coined by the Italian University of Bologna, which, with a traditional founding date of 1088, is considered the first university. The following list of ten oldest universities in the world shows, through their brief histories and trend.
Here is a list of the Top 10 oldest universities in the world which are in continuous operation.
10. University of Valladolid
(Valladolid, Spain, Founded in 1241)
University of Valladolid, Salamanca, Spain and Canary Islands
The University of Valladolid is a public university in the city of Valladolid, province of Valladolid, in the autonomous region of Castile-Leon, Spain. The university currently has 31,780 undergraduate students and more than 2,000 teachers.
At 10th position among the oldest universities in the world, The University of Valladolid (UVa) is a Spanish public university founded in 1241 as removal of studies at the University of Palencia, founded by Alfonso VIII of Castile, between 1208 and 1212. He is currently responsible for teaching higher education in seven campuses distributed through four cities of Castile and Leon: Valladolid, Palencia, Soria and Segovia.
One hypothesis is that its foundation is the result of the transfer of Palencia General Survey between 1208 and 1241 by Alfonso VIII, king of Castile, and Bishop Tello Téllez de Meneses.
9. University of Siena
(Siena, Italy, Founded in 1240)
University of Siena in Arezzo, Italy
The University of Siena in Siena, Tuscany is one of the oldest universities and first publicly funded universities in Italy. Originally called Studium Senese, the University of Siena was founded in 1240. The University had around 20,000 students in 2006 nearly half of Siena's total population of around 54,000. Today, the University of Siena is best known for its Schools of Law and Medicine.
Originally called Studium Senese, was founded by Commune of Siena in 1240. In 1321, the studium was able to attract a larger number or pupils due to a mass exodus from the prestigious neighbouring University of Bologna. Closed temporarily in 1808–1815 when Napoleonic forces occupied Tuscany. On November 7, 1990 the university celebrated its 750th anniversary.
8. University of Toulouse
(Toulouse, France, Founded in 1229)
Université Toulouse 1 Capitole – The Oldest Universities
The Université de Toulouse is a consortium of French universities, grandes écoles and other institutions of higher education and research, named after one of the earliest universities established in Europe in 1229, and including the successor universities to that earlier university. This article describes the institutions that have been called the “Université de Toulouse”.
The formation of the University of Toulouse was imposed on Count Raymond VII as a part of the Treaty of Paris in 1229 ending the crusade against the Albigensians. As he was suspected of sympathizing with the heretics, Raymond VII had to finance the teaching of theology. Bishop Foulques de Toulouse was among the founders of the University. Among its first lecturers were: Jean de Garlande, Roland of Cremona. Other faculties (law, medicine) were added later. Initially, the University was located in the center of the city, together with the ancestors of student residences, the colleges.
7. University of Naples Federico II
(Naples, Italy, Founded in 1224)
The University of Naples Federico II is maybe one of the the oldest universities
Founded by Frederick II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
The University of Naples Federico II is a university located in Naples, Italy. It was founded in 1224 and is organized into 13 faculties. It is the world's oldest state university and one of the oldest academic institutions in continuous operation. The university is named after its founder Frederick II.
The University of Naples Federico II was founded by emperor of the Holy Roman Empire Frederick II on 5 June 1224. It is the most ancient state-supported institution of higher education and research in the world. One of the most famous students of this university was Roman Catholic theologian and philosopher Thomas Aquinas.
6. University of Padua
(Padua, Italy, Founded in 1222)
University of Padua. Department of Structural and Transportation Engineering
Founded by scholars and professors after leaving Bologna.
The University of Padua (Italian Università degli Studi di Padova, UNIPD) is a premier Italian university located in the city of Padua, Italy. The University of Padua was founded in 1222 as a school of law and was one of the most prominent universities in early modern Europe. It is among the earliest universities of the world and the second oldest in Italy. As of 2010 the university had approximately 65,000 students.
The university is conventionally said to have been founded in 1222 (which corresponds to the first time when the University is cited in a historical document as pre-existing, therefore it is quite certainly older) when a large group of students and professors left the University of Bologna in search of more academic freedom (‘Libertas scholastica'). The first subjects to be taught were law and theology. The curriculum expanded rapidly, and by 1399 the institution had divided in two: a Universitas Iuristarum for civil law and Canon law, and a Universitas Artistarum which taught astronomy, dialectic, philosophy, grammar, medicine, and rhetoric. There was also a Universitas Theologorum, established in 1373 by Urban V.
5. University of Salamanca
(Salamanca, Spain, Founded in 1218)
The University of Salamanca, Spanish higher education institution
The University of Salamanca is a Spanish higher education institution, located in the town of Salamanca, west of Madrid, in the autonomous community of Castilla and León. It was founded in 1134 and given the Royal charter of foundation by King Alfonso IX in 1218. It is the oldest founded university in Spain. And, also the third oldest European university in continuous operations. It was the first European institution to receive the formal title of “University”. As such; it was granted by King Alfonso X in 1254 and recognized by Pope Alexander IV in 1255.
It is the oldest university in operation in Spain. Although there are records of the University granting degrees many years before (James Trager's People's Chronology sets its foundation date in 1134), it only received the Royal chart of foundation as “Estudio General” in 1218, making it possibly the fourth or even the third oldest European university in continuous operations. However, it was the first European university to receive the title of “University” as such, granted by king of Castile and León Alfonso X and the Pope in 1254. Having been excluded from the University in 1852 by the Spanish government, the Faculties of Theology and Canon Law became the Pontifical University of Salamanca in 1940.
4. University of Cambridge
(Cambridge, England, Founded in 1209)
The University of Cambridge is one of the world's oldestuniversities
Founded by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute caused by the execution of two scholars in 1209, and royal charter was granted in 1231. The university takes 1209 as its official anniversary.
The University of Cambridge is a public research university located in Cambridge, United Kingdom. It is the second-oldest university in the English-speaking world (after the University of Oxford), and the seventh-oldest in the world. In post-nominals the university's name is abbreviated as Cantab, a shortened form of Cantabrigiensis (an adjective derived from Cantabrigia, the Latinised form of Cambridge).
The university grew out of an association of Cambridge scholars that was formed in 1209, early records suggest, by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with townsfolk. The two “ancient universities” have many common features and are often jointly referred to as Oxbridge. In addition to cultural and practical associations as a historic part of British society, they have a long history of rivalry with each other.
3. University of Oxford
(Oxford, England, Founded in 1167)
Oxford University Museum of Natural History.
“Claimed to be the oldest university in the world, there is no clear date of foundation of Oxford University, but teaching existed at Oxford in some form in 1096 and developed rapidly from 1167, when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris.” Teaching suspended in 1209 (due to town execution of two scholars) and 1355 (due to the St. Scholastica riot), but was continuous during the English Civil War (1642–1651) – the University was Royalist. All Souls College and University College have repeatedly claimed that they own documents proving that teaching in Oxford started in the year 825, but these documents have never seen the public light (allegedly, John Speed dated his famous 1605 Oxford maps based on these documents). However, it was not until 1254 that Pope Innocent IV granted to Oxford the University charter by papal bull (“Querentes in agro”).
2. University of Paris
(Paris, France, Founded in 1150)
The Old Sorbonne on fire in 1670.
It was founded in the mid-12th century, and officially recognized as a university probably between 1160 and 1170 (or, possibly, as early as 1150). After many changes, including a century of suspension (1793–1896), it ceased to exist as such in 1970 and 13 autonomous universities (University of Paris I–XIII) were created from it. The university is often referred to as the Sorbonne or La Sorbonne after the collegiate institution (Collège de Sorbonne) founded about 1257 by Robert de Sorbon. In fact, the university as such was older and was never completely centered on the Sorbonne. Of the 13 current successor universities, the first 4 have a presence in the historical Sorbonne building, and three include “Sorbonne” in their names.
1. University of Bologna
(Bologna, Italy, Founded in 1088)
The College of Bologna, founded in 1088, may be the earliest academic institution from the Civilized world. At top the Oldest Universities
The first university in the sense of a higher-learning, degree-awarding institute, the word university having been coined at its foundation. At top of the list of ten oldest universities in the world which are in continuous operation.
The Alma Mater Studiorum – University of Bologna is a university located in Bologna, Italy founded in 1088. As of 2000 the University's motto is Alma mater studiorum (Latin for “nourishing mother of studies”) The University has about 100,000 students in its 23 schools. It has branch centers in Imola, Ravenna, Forlì, Cesena and Rimini and a branch center abroad in Buenos Aires. Moreover, it has a school of excellence named Collegio Superiore di Bologna.
The date of its founding is uncertain, but believed by most accounts to have been 1088. The university received a charter from Frederick I Barbarossa in 1158, but in the 19th century, a committee of historians led by Giosuè Carducci traced the founding of the University back to 1088, which would make it one of the oldest universities in the world.
This depends on if there's someone looking for a male calico cat.
Generally speaking what makes an animal extremely valuable is its rarity and its ability to breed and create more of itself, however male calicoes are worthless as breeders. Most are sterile, probably due to the fact they are not truly male but are rather hermaphroditic in nature.
There have been at least three cases of male calico cats who were able to breed, however they never reproduced more male calicoes, instead they produced the same kittens a regular orange male would. The reason for this sounds like it comes out of a science fiction novel but its actually something that happens in real life in VERY rare cases.
These cats were chimeras - that is when their mother was pregnant with them two fetuses merged in the very early developmental stages. This created a perfect cat with two types of DNA. One set of DNA gave the cat its calico color while another set gave it its reproductive parts. In essence the cat may have been calico but his sex was not.
This explains why he produced the same kittens as an orange tom - as one of the merging chimera fetuses must have been meant as an orange tom should it have developed independently of its sibling.
Two albums stood out in 1967, that turbulent year half a century ago. One came from the British side of the Atlantic – the Beatles' Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band – and the other from its American shore – The Velvet Underground & Nico. Between them, they changed the sound of sound.
This week, the Velvets' album comes home, to where it was conceived and recorded, to where the seed was planted: New York. John Cale, who co-wrote the music and played viola and bass guitar, will perform songs from the album – and a few other Velvet treasures – at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, on Thursday and Friday, as anchor with his current band and a cast of guests.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Velvet Underground & Nico sleeve artwork by Andy Warhol. Photograph: Getty Images
The album had a sonority and mood unlike any before or since: a painful beauty, a languid ennui, a timbre, oddly perhaps, both warm and metallic. To listen to it was – and still is – like having an exposed nerve stroked, sometimes softly, sometimes a little too roughly.
The album was recorded in a rehearsal space in Ludlow Street on the Lower East Side; only Lou Reed on vocals had headphones. It was produced by Andy Warhol – whose artwork also graced the album sleeve – though apparently he barely spoke. “He was there,” says Cale. “He'd say a few things, but they'd be effective.” Not much was said, either, between the musicians. “We weren't there to fuck around,” Cale told Rolling Stone.
The quartet and German singer Nico struck an alchemical balance: the meeting of ice and flame in Nico's voice, and that droll, sagacious detachment in Reed's. But what really marked the album was its sound texture, infused with Cale's inimitable drone: a cross-pollination between rock music and classical training in his native Wales, work with John Cage at the Tanglewood music academy in Massachusetts, and experiments with the composers La Monte Young and Terry Riley.
The album was a slow burner, selling only 30,000 copies in five years, though as Brian Eno famously said, “everyone who bought one of those 30,000 copies started a band”. And this is its endurance: as a soundscape, the album's influence is immeasurably deep and wide, not only on the sensibility and feelings of its public but also on music and musicians. That entwinement of rock and drone – that unique tonality and timbre – flowed into almost all that followed: punk, electronic-wall-of-sound, even avant-garde jazz and contemporary “classical”.
In a year that saw the death of Che Guevara, uprising in Mexico and a military coup in Greece – in a world on the eve of the eruptions of 1968 – the album was studiedly apolitical.
John Cale: ‘Rock'n'roll is a rumpus house. You can do anything you want' Read more
“It's all subliminal”, Cale says, “it's all implication.” Emotions in The Velvet Undergound & Nico are raw and honest, sometimes scalpel-edged, but in an age of idealism, these songs are as far removed from the “summer of love” as you can get.
And perhaps, 50 years on, the record is vindicated as such, as we find ourselves not so much in the aura of an “age of Aquarius” as in what Percy Bysshe Shelley described two centuries ago as “an age of despair”. Some people found the album cynical at the time, but the diagonal glance of Cale and Reed saw more accurately into their future – our present – than the lambent gaze of Joan Baez or Grace Slick.
Most of the Velvet Underground are now literally so: Warhol, Reed, Sterling Morrison and Nico herself are all dead. Drummer Moe Tucker lives, more privately than Cale, who returns to New York this week as a musician of restless innovation; each of his albums since that 50 years ago different from the last.
If his album Paris 1919 advanced The Velvet Undergound & Nico's mood to reflect desolate Europe at the end of the first world war, a full orchestration of the same material performed in Cardiff and London during 2010 reached Mahlerian proportions. Recent experiments with a string orchestra and choir have entwined electro-symphonic scale with chromatics you would expect to hear in Janáček. And on Saturday in New York, the tributes done, there is a third concert of solo music, with choir and orchestra.
But it all started there in 1967, with the music this week's concerts will bequeath to another, present, generation. The Velvet Underground & Nico has hitherto been performed twice on this anniversary loop: in May this year at Clarence Dock in Liverpool, where Nadine Shah gave a luxuriously velvetine version of Femme Fatale, and Cale's drone injected Venus in Furs with feverish pulse.
Before Merseyside, in spring 2016, at the Philharmonie in Paris, Cale and guests were in concert. The acoustics were crystalline-clear enough to hear every mysterious nuance of Mark Lanegan's All Tomorrow's Parties, and to know that you don't need Pete Doherty crashing his way through White Light/White Heat, but highlighting the wonderfully articulate but understated touches on guitar – in the spirit of the original – by Dustin Boyer, now Cale's longest-standing musical partner.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest John Cale on a US TV show in 1963
By way of anticipation for this week, Cale and “slam poet” Saul Williams did something extraordinary for the Paris rendering of Heroin: instead of Reed's introspective reflection on the opiate itself, Williams sang, with epic rage, a song not so much about a narcotic as a cry against whatever it is in society that would drive someone to want to “nullify my life”. Goes to show what 50 years and a generation can do to a song.
So these are the surprises that will make this week's New York homecoming much more than an excursion down memory lane – the album speaking to present and future. Even though the unforgettable detail in Paris was a calling of the ghosts, when Cale took it upon himself to sing Sunday Morning, sung by Reed on the record.
Cale swallowed one line, out of sheer emotion, and said next day: “I'd never sung that song. Did you catch the choking? The thing about music is that you never know when your subconscious is going to jump up and bite you in the back of the neck. I was back there, in that loft on the Lower East Side – Sunday morning indeed, at the harmonium, playing that song.”
Revenue failure declared in Oklahoma
Oklahoma Office of Management and Enterprise Services
OKLAHOMA CITY — The appropriated budget hole for fiscal year 2018 will be $878 million.
As he presented the figures to the Board of Equalization on Tuesday, Secretary of Finance, Administration and Information Technology Preston L. Doerflinger also announced a revenue failure for the current fiscal year.
“The numbers are bad this year and next,” he said.
“I don't know how much more I can emphasize that the time for action is now,” Doerflinger said. “We need new recurring revenue sources. If we don't change our path, then we will be doing incredible harm that could set our state backward for decades.”
The Board of Equalization approved $6,029,537,421 in revenues for FY 2018 appropriations, which is $701.5 million, or 10.4 percent, less than was appropriated for FY 17.
The true budget hole is larger than what the board certified Tuesday. Nearly $144.5 million in FY 2017 Rainy Day Fund appropriations and about $32 million in FY 2017 revolving fund authorizations are not factored into the FY 2016 baseline amount used by the board. With those factors considered, there will be $878.2 million, or 12.7 percent, less to appropriate for FY 2018.
The board also formally acknowledged a general revenue failure for FY 17. As a result, state agencies receiving monthly general revenue allocations will see those allocations reduced by 0.7 percent beginning in March. The latest projections show the FY 17 General Revenue Fund will fall $296.4 million, or 5.7 percent, below the official estimate made in June.
By law, if GRF collections are projected to fall more than 5 percent below the estimate for the remainder of the fiscal year, the Office of Management and Enterprise Services director must declare a revenue failure and initiate mandatory appropriation reductions to end the shortfall and maintain a balanced budget.
Doerflinger, who is the director of OMES, issued the declaration Tuesday. Agency directors were directly notified of the 0.7 percent reduction amount after the Board of Equalization meeting.
“If current trends continue, we will likely have to issue deeper cuts later in the year with fewer months to absorb it,” Doerflinger said, adding that the Legislature should act soon to increase recurring revenue along the line of the governor's proposal.
“These problems will not just go away,” he said. “They must be addressed head on. We have made bold proposals to change the trajectory of our revenue collections, but action must be taken now.”
A fact sheet on today's board meeting is available here.
A copy of Secretary Doerflinger's presentation can be found here.
The Board of Equalization packet is available on the OMES website.
A list of the revenue failure reduction amounts for each affected agency can be viewed here.
One of the supposed ‘hallmarks' of British character is that we are told he/she always ‘plays by the rules' or ‘plays with a straight bat' (to use two cricketing analogies). Extending that further, in my opinion that also means that Britishers can be considered decent and trustworthy – thus always telling the truth. It then follows that in attempting to influence another person, someone British will do so using fact.
Bearing the foregoing in mind, the supposed ‘think-tank' British Influence is most definitely misnamed.
First, we had David Hannay, Lord Hannay of Chiswick, former UK ambassador to the EU and UN, posing rhetorical questions on the website of British Influence that have already been answered, coupled with the fact that his answers to his own questions were economical with the actualité, to say the least. Lo and behold, also published by British Influence, is a speech by Oona King given at British Influence's event Britain in Europe, 2015: Leading or leaving? As with Hannay's article, so with King as this too contains so many examples of being economical with the actualité as to be laughable; and both are being passed off as ‘gospel' – and so done with a ‘straight face'.
Purely my view, but I believe both are a disgrace to the idea of ‘Britishness' where any idea of fair play and truthfulness is concerned – even perhaps their passports should be seized under the Counter-Terrorism and Security Bill, as soon as it becomes law. After all, is not part of a nation's security, its sovereignty – and are they not suggesting that that should be undermined?
Producers predict 'disaster' as up to 80% of grapes could be lost following fierce storms in France
Some of France's most prestigious vineyards are counting the costs of fierce hailstorms that have battered the Burgundy region for the third consecutive summer.
Hailstones as big as golf balls, buffeted by 60mph winds, swept across the Côte de Beaune region on Saturday afternoon, causing winegrowers to predict between 40% and 80% of the grape harvest would be lost.
"It's a disaster," said Jean-Louis Moissenet, the president of the Pommard winegrowers' association. "We were gearing up for a good year, but now it's gone by the board."
A spokeswoman from the Domaine Chauvenet in Pommard told the Guardian it would take a few days for insurers to determine the extent of the damage. "But it's not just us, everybody in the region is affected," she said. The other vineyards hit by the storms include Volnay, Meursault and Beaune, home to a total of 2,000 winegrowers.
The Domaine Chauvenet, which produces Pommard red wine and Beaune Premier Cru, was among the growers to have activated 34 anti-hail vortex generators across the region. Thanks to advance warning, the generators – placed every six square miles – were switched on at 9am. But it remains to be seen whether they were effective against the hailstorms, which lasted for seven minutes.
In an industry in which 70% of producers are not insured, some Burgundy winegrowers are beginning to despair after losing 60% of the wine harvest in last year's summer hailstorms. The region's grapes were also pounded by hailstorms in 2012, causing a price rise of 30% on that year's vintage – which is now on sale.
And Jean-Pierre Charlot, a winegrower from Volnay, told BFMTV that despite having insured his vines, he was only paid 10% of the value of the grapes he lost last year.
It's a good day for comic book gossip it seems.
From a very reliable source, albeit one under the influence of alcohol, comes the word that Frank Cho is to write and draw the ongoing Wolverine comic book.
While making his career as a writer/artist with Liberty Meadows, Cho is best known for his art. I think that's a shame, his writing is often quite stunning, Zombie King being a particular favourite of mine.
The last time he wrote for Marvel was the cheesecake Shanna The Devils series. Commissioned as a MAX book it was eventually bowlderised to come out as something more suitable for teenagers, which can't have been a pleasant experience and might have put someone off the whole process.
Well, it appears Frank Cho is back, and writing, in the latest details for the Great Marvel Switcheroo.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Raul: Bale is great, but…
By Football Espana staff
Raul Gonzalez has acknowledged Gareth Bale's potential to bring something to Real Madrid, but commented that his price is an ‘overestimate'.
Madrid have been linked with a move for the Welshman this summer, but with Tottenham said to be pushing for a world record fee upwards of €100m.
“Bale is a great player and could provide a great contribution to Madrid, but his price is very high,” commented Raul to Al-Sadd's official website.
“Tottenham overestimate Bale's price.
“Madrid's work this summer? The board is professional and will work to get the best things for the good of the team.”
Raul was talking ahead of taking his Al-Sadd outfit out to the capital for a reunion with his former club this Thursday. The veteran's current side are the opposition for the annual Trofeo Bernabeu match.
“Our stay in Madrid will be fantastic. I hope my teammates can benefit from this experience and from the game.
“I know that all the tickets for the game have been sold.
“I am grateful to the Madrid fans and hope that it is a good game and that all participants watching will enjoy it, especially as I'll be playing a half with Al-Sadd and another with Madrid.”
Plasma, the desktop for the KDE project, has just received a massive update and is now at version 5.3 Beta. It's still under development, but users can already see the amount of work that has been done.
Plasma 5.x is the branch that provided a major upgrade to the famous desktop of the KDE project. It's the most visible aspect of KDE, so people are definitely going to take notice when it's being modified. This is the reason why changes to KDE Plasma are immediately visible and they tend to get the most publicity.
The KDE project has recently changed the way it is organized, and all the working parts have been split into Plasma, Frameworks, and Applications. This allows developers to push updates out the door much faster than you would expect, but it also means that they will have different version numbers from one another. It might create some small complications along the way, but users will probably adapt.
This is more than just a pretty update
If we take a look at the latest KDE Plasma 5.3 Beta, it will be difficult to determine the main new features, but the most interesting seems to be the new Tech Preview for the Plasma Media Center, which makes its debut.
"Plasma Media Center is added as a tech preview in this beta. It is fully stable but misses a few features compared to version 1. You can log directly into a Plasma Media Center session if you want to use it on a media device such as a television or projector or you can run it from Plasma Desktop. It will scan for videos, music and pictures on your computer to let you browse and play them," reads the official announcement.
The developers also explain that Power Management has been refined, the Bluetooth capabilities have been expanded a great deal, the beloved Plasma widgets are now much better, and important steps have been taken towards supporting Wayland.
You can also download the latest KDE Plasma 5.3 Beta source packages from Softpedia, but please keep in mind that it's work in progress and it's not stable.
Apple's iPhone and Google's Android smartphones are getting set for another epic battle next week as these two titans of the smartphone industry show off their latest devices.
First, on June 23 the Axis of Don't Be Evil composed of Google, Verizon, and Adobe will announce the next wave of Android-based Motorola Droid devices. Then a day later on June 24, the Tenacious Tandem of Apple and AT&T launch the iPhone 4, the latest iteration of the popular smartphone, in the United States (the device will also launch internationally on June 24 in France, Germany, Japan and the U.K.).
Apple already sold 600,000 iPhone 4 devices in one day despite severe technical problems with ordering systems in the United States. Motorola Droid is the most popular smartphone in the Android army, and the June 23 announcement is expected to bring significant upgrades to Motorola's popular Android brand.
The stage is set, and the next battle is about to begin as Google and Apple compete over who will become the number one contender to compete for Research In Motion's smartphone crown.
So, as we get ready for next week's showdown, let's look at some of the key areas where the two smartphone platforms will compete, as well as some quick and dirty predictions over who has the advantage in each category.
Devices
The new iPhone 4 is boasting some impressive specs, including a front-facing camera, high-definition 720p video recording capability, 5-megapixel rear-facing camera, longer battery life, three-axis gyroscope, and a 960-by-640 resolution 3.5-inch LED display.
On the other side, the big news expected to come out of the June 23 Android announcement is the recently-confirmed Droid X. The Droid X features a 4.3-inch display , HDMI output, and 720p video recording capability. The new Droid device is also said to sport an 854-by-480 resolution screen, and 8-megapixel camera with flash. The Droid X is likely to run Android 2.1 (Eclair), according to Engadget. It's unclear whether the new Droid device will be capable of running the oft-hyped Flash Player 10.1 for mobile devices.
Both devices sound impressive, but Android appears to be missing one key feature present on the iPhone 4: the front-facing camera. But on the other hand, there's already an Android device that boasts this feature on Sprint's network: HTC's Android-based EVO 4G.
While Apple typically brings out some nice hardware every year, a new and better Android device appears on the market every few months. Apple simply can't keep pace with the multiplicity of different Android devices being produced, with each one typically being better than the last. Advantage: Android
Sales and Market Penetration
One Morgan Stanley analyst believes the iPhone is headed for 100 million total users worldwide by the end of 2011. That's a pretty big jump from the 30 million iPhone users said to be around today. Right now, Nielsen says that Apple owns about 28 percent of the smartphone market in the United States, while Android makes up just 9 percent of U.S. smartphone users. Both the iPhone and Android, however, grew equally by 2 percent year-over-year during the firs t quarter of 2010.
Earlier, NPD Group released a report saying that Android sales had outpaced iPhone sales during the first quarter of 2010, while Gartner said that Android grew by 707 percent during that same quarter.
So Android appears to be coming on strong, but the iPhone still has a much larger share of the smartphone market despite the plethora of Android devices. If Google wants to beat the iPhone it will have to sustain its phenomenal growth over the long term, but it's difficult to keep up enthusiasm when you're announcing a new Android device every few weeks. Also, despite Google's successes with Android, it still hasn't been able to replicate the iPhone mania that occurs around every launch of a new Apple smartphone. In fact, there's already one brave soul camping out for the iPhone 4 in Dallas six days before the new device is released. Advantage: iPhone
Carriers
There's an in the United States, but if you want the iPhone you have to go with AT&T. This has been the state of affairs since the iPhone's launch in 2007, and the exclusive relationship shows no sign of ending despite rumors of an iPhone on Verizon or T-Mobile, and even speculation about Sprint.
Apple can withstand the calls to move to multiple operators for the moment, but if Android keeps growing quickly Cupertino may have to consider making its device available in the United States on more than one network. Advantage: Android
Operating System
Apple has just one operating system available for sale at a time, and until recently it made iOS updates available to almost all of its older hardware. Android, on the other hand, suffers from a multiplicity of available devices with new and old versions of the hardware, including Android 1.6, 2.1 and the upcoming 2.2. That can get to be confusing for users, since you have to figure out which operating syste m you're phoned has, whether it's going to get upgrades, and which features you may be missing.
Apple's approach is much simpler since it makes available (and supports) only two versions of the iPhone -- currently iPhone 3GS and iPhone 4 -- at once. Even better, the feature difference between the two phones is not that great and immediately obvious. Advantage: iPhone
Apps
You would think that apps would be the biggest battleground for these two smartphone platforms, since most critics agree that available applications are what attract new users. Both companies love to boast about how many apps each store has--Apple has more than 200,000 and Google has some 30,000. But the truth is, both smartphones have reached a level that will serve the needs of most consumers. Sure, if you're looking for something like a specialty medical app you owe it to yourself to do the research and figure out which platform is best. But for most users, there are plenty of apps to go around.
The key here will be whether Apple's recent policies on banning cross-platform app-building tools will sour developers' attitudes over the long term. Conversely, will Google's embrace of things like Flash and Android's perceived openness woo more developers to work on the Android platform? For now, both sides appear to have an equally aggressive application library regardless of the total number of apps in each store. Advantage: neither
Connect with Ian on Twitter (@ianpaul).
Clive Palmer's company Mineralogy has moved to terminate its partnership with the Chinese operator of its $10 billion iron ore mine in Western Australia.
Mineralogy has given Chinese state-owned Citic Pacific notice that its right to mine iron ore at the Sino Iron Project in Western Australia will be terminated in 21 days.
Mineralogy director Clive Mensink, Mr Palmer's nephew, said the company had served a default notice on Citic Pacific over billions of dollars in losses more than two years ago, but the issues raised had not been addressed.
"Not only has Citic Pacific Limited failed to rectify the defaults in the notice, the directors of Citic Pacific failed to declare the default notice to the market in Hong Kong and may have breached the law," Mr Mensink said.
He said Mineralogy was considering making a complaint to Hong Kong authorities about the alleged failure of Citic Pacific directors to inform the Hong Kong stock exchange of the 2012 default notice.
Don't you love “Where Are They Now?” stories? Well, have I got a doozy for you.
In 1988, when I was an editor at Money magazine, I assigned a cover story on Paul Terhorst, a frugal Peat Marwick accountant who retired at 35 in 1984 and wrote a book about it: Cashing In On the American Dream: How to Retire at 35. Last week, I caught up with Paul, now 65, to find out how the past 30 years have gone for him and his wife, Vicki (also 35 when she retired) — and to learn his plans for, what could be, another 30 years.
Can you imagine 60 years of retirement? Paul and Vicki can, gleefully.
“It excites us very much,” Paul said, calling from their $450-a-month rental in Chiang Mai, Thailand, one of the seven best places to retire around the world, according to the new 2014 Retire Overseas Index. “Three of our four parents are alive in their 90s. We're very excited and fully hope we can live and have vital, exciting lives for the next 30 years.”
(MORE: What 30-Year-Old Retirees Can Teach Us)
Retiring at 35 and Never Looking Back
When they first retired, says Paul, the couple determined that “we wanted to have a good life, rather than just a good job, so we decided to retire and never look back.”
And they haven't. For the past 30 years, they've lived as what Paul calls “Perpetual Travelers” or “PTs,” spending less than $100 a day (sometimes much much less). Over that time, they've criss-crossed 80 countries from Argentina to Australia — mostly South America, Europe and Southeast Asia — with periodic stops back to the U.S. to see their families.
Changing Their Early Retirement Plans
But that's not exactly how the Terhorsts initially envisioned their very early retirement.
At first, they traveled from March through October and spent the rest of the year in their beach condo near Buenos Aires, Argentina (Terhorst worked out of Peat Marwick's Buenos Aires office before calling it quits).
(MORE: Best and Worst Reasons to Retire Early)
Things worked out swimmingly. Then, the Argentinian economy cratered with inflation soaring (apartment expenses quadrupled), and the country grew more dangerous. “Argentina was getting expensive, which made our apartment worth a lot more money so we could sell it and make a nice profit,” says Paul.
They became true PTs in early 1992 and have been on the road, with no home base, ever since. “The biggest difference between being 65 and 35 for us is that we no longer get incomprehensible stares,” says Paul. “When we were 35 or 40 and told people we were retired, they looked at us like we just arrived from the moon. Now we're old and gray.”
These days they typically spend a few months in one place before moving on, sometimes longer. Vicki likes to return to the U.S. twice a year, often to visit her parents in Portland, Ore.; Paul prefers going back every two years (typically to see his mom in Los Angeles). So Vicki sometimes visits the states without him.
Vicki Terhorst
Homeless by Choice
“I like to think of us as homeless,” Paul wrote on his blog. “Not the destitute homeless, but homeless in that we have no home, no home base and no place to return to. Home, for us, is wherever we plug in our little computer.”
Sometimes they move on when it's time for a “visa run.” That's what expats call the moment when their visa is about to expire from the country they're in.
The Terhorsts have a one-year Thailand visa, which lets them stay 90 days, leave on a “visa run” and then return (even the next day), doing this as often as they want during the 12 months. They're about to take their next visa run to Australia, where they'll spend a few weeks in Brisbane and Sydney before returning to Chiang Mai for another 90 days.
(MORE: 7 Best Places to Retire Around the World)
In 2015, Paul says, they plan to hop over to Cambodia and Malaysia, then spend five or six months in Europe and finish in America, with stops in Thailand in between.
The Terhorsts have whittled their possessions down to 10 boxes (in storage near their parents and in Argentina), four data files and no car. “We use walking as our main form of transportation,” says Paul. And — true to Paul's CPA background — the couple uses Washington state (where Paul's brother lives) as their address for U.S. residential purposes because there's no state income tax.
No Longer Living on Their Interest
The Terhorsts have needed to tweak the financial side of their retirement, too. Their original plan was to sell their assets, put the cash in the bank, and live off the interest in a cheap part of the world. At the time, bank CDs paid around 8 percent. Ah, yesteryear.
“We had to change our investment strategy. Instead of living off our interest, we switched to buying stocks,” says Paul. “We cash in from time to time just before our next trip.”
The buy-and-hold strategy has served them well. In words that are reminiscent of Elaine Stritch's classic Stephen Sondheim song, I'm Still Here, Paul says: “We've had three major crashes — in 2000, 2001 and 2008 — and we've lived through them all and come out on top.”
Paul says airfare deregulation has been a boon, keeping flights affordable. So has banking technology. “We used to have to cash traveler's checks; now we can go to any ATM,” he notes.
Now that the Terhorsts are 65, they're also collecting Social Security, which supplements their income; they started claiming at 62.
Their reason for beginning benefits as soon as they could rather than delaying and receiving larger checks later? “We're in good health and can enjoy the money today. That might not be true later on,” says Paul. “Plus our benefits are grandfathered in if Congress screws around with Social Security.”
How He Stays Sharp and Curious
The Terhorsts also earn a little pocket money from pieces Paul writes (and Vicki edits) monthly for the Overseas Retirement Letter, where they're Asia correspondents. “It's nothing that takes a lot of time or energy,” he says. The writing “keeps me sharp about financial matters and keeps me intrigued and curious.”
That newsletter is published by the same organization that named Chiang Mai, Thailand one of the world's top retirement places — due in no small part to the Terhorsts' recommendation of one of their favorite locales.
I was curious how the Terhorsts have dealt with health matters while gallivanting around the world.
Vicki, as it turns out, just had cataract surgery in Thailand. Paul has been hospitalized several times around the world for various maladies, including a kidney tumor. “We're both in very good health. I'd say we've been very fortunate,” says Paul.
They now have traditional Medicare, “but it isn't much good to us because Medicare doesn't cover you generally when you're traveling overseas,” says Paul. “So we continue to pay for our health care out-of-pocket. But at least now, when we go to the United States, we have coverage and if we get sick, we won't be devastated financially.”
Their favorite spot over the last 30 years? “We're PTs, so we stick with the notion that it's wherever we happen to be right now. If not, we'd go someplace else,” says Paul. But when pressed, he cites Chiang Mai, Paris and — believe it or not — a town in Ukraine: Lviv. (It's far from the current troubles and has been dubbed "the European cultural capital you've never heard of.")
Advice for Early Retiree Wannabes
I asked Paul what advice he'd offer others considering retiring early or living the PT life, which he says is “for the select few.”
First, he says, be sure you can swing it financially. Next, “look at the moral value of your life.” By that he means: Determine whether your identity is your job; if it is, an early, vagabond retirement won't be a good match. Finally, he says, decide what you'll do with yourself. Says Paul: “You don't need to be able to plan every day, just have a general idea. Will you travel? Look at birds, which is one of my hobbies? Paint? Take up target practice?”
If you're one-half of a couple, talk candidly with each other about how much time you'll spend together and how much apart.
“We decided we'd have significant parts of our lives away from each other,” says Paul. “Not six months apart, but on a day-to-day basis. Vicki has more of a social life than I do. I look at birds, read more books and take online courses. She goes out to coffee with friends or goes back to the U.S.”
The Terhorsts say they're rarely bored (“no more in retirement than before,” says Paul) and have no intention to stop their world traveling to settle down somewhere. “Our lives just keep getting better and better and happier and happier,” says Vicki.
Looking ahead, Paul says, “Our game plan is: When our bodies break down, we'll deal with it.”
By Richard Eisenberg @richeis315 Richard Eisenberg is the Senior Web Editor of the Money & Security and Work & Purpose channels of Next Avenue and Managing Editor for the site. He is the author of How to Avoid a Mid-Life Financial Crisis and has been a personal finance editor at Money, Yahoo, Good Housekeeping, and CBS MoneyWatch.
Next Avenue Editors Also Recommend:
Next Avenue brings you stories that are inspiring and change lives. We know that because we hear it from our readers every single day. One reader says, "Every time I read a post, I feel like I'm able to take a single, clear lesson away from it, which is why I think it's so great." Your generous donation will help us continue to bring you the information you care about. What story will you help make possible? Make a Donation to Next Avenue
Why does Next Avenue need my donation?
© Twin Cities Public Television - 2019. All rights reserved.
Joe Scarborough spent Thursday morning defending Donald Trump's refusal to say that he would accept the outcome of the presidential election, accusing those who expressed outrage at the Republican nominee's comments of “whimpering and whining.”
“The media got something they can absolutely freak out about and claim that he is an agent of Vladimir Putin and destroying democracy in America,” the MSNBC host said of the near-universal condemnation of Trump's comments at the final presidential debate. “It's just another example of the media having to find a little phrase and freak out.”
Pundits, politicians and voters from across the ideological spectrum said that the Republican nominee was undermining U.S. democracy and the peaceful transfer of power with his comments about keeping the country “in suspense” over whether he would concede if he lost the race.
“I will look at it at the time,” Trump said.
To the shock of his fellow “Morning Joe” panelists, Scarborough repeatedly invoked this line to make the case that the media was overplaying Trump's comments.
Harold Ford Jr. said that Trump's comments, coupled with his frequent predictions that the election will be “rigged” against him, clearly suggest that he “is not willing to say, ‘I will accept the outcome.'”
“No, what that means is he will look at it at the time,” Scarborough replied. “I love everybody saying—I woke up to these screaming headlines ‘Donald Trump will not respect election results.' He said, ‘I will look at it at the time.'”
Ford pointed out that no other presidential candidate has made such a comment about a race.
Yet Scarborough accused Democrats and the media of “hypocrisy” for crying wolf about stolen elections before, invoking the 2000 presidential election and claiming that “Democrats forget everything that they've been saying on their blogs, in their newspapers, in their magazines over the past 16 years.”
Trump's debate-night claim came up at least three other times during Thursday's show, with panelists Willie Geist, Mike Barnicle, and Ford trying to convince Scarborough he'd missed the forest for the trees and Mika Brzezinski defending Scarborough's focus on the exact words Trump used.
Scarborough, Brzezinski and Mark Halperin argued that only “elites in Manhattan or Georgetown” cared about Trump's answers.
“Literally you look at the words, that is not what he said,” Scarborough said. “He said he would wait. Mika and I are both opposed to it, but we're also opposed to people projecting and expanding upon what he said and it's the same thing—this sounds so much like this little Republican congressman after Obamacare and everything gets passed. Every three weeks freedom has died a death.”
Watch a clip of the exchange below:
"The list of contributors is impressive withnot a single dull chapter…; the editors are to be congratulated for making available such a stimulating and timely, if not timeless, collection"
- Slavic Review
"[T]his is a book that will serve many intellectual tastes and interests, and that will certainly prove thought provoking for anyone who reads it... I recommend it to anybody who wants to witness the analythical depth and span with which the meaning of 1989 can be approached." - Extremism & Democracy
The tenth anniversary of the collapse of communism in Central and Eastern Europe provides the starting point for this thought-provoking analysis. Between Past and Future reflects upon the past ten years and considers what lies ahead for the future. An international group of distinguished academics and public intellectuals, including former dissidents and active politicians, engage in a lively exchange on the antecedents, causes, contexts, meanings and legacies of the 1989 revolutions.
At a crossroads between past and future, the contributors to this seminal volume address all the crucial issues -- liberal democracy and its enemies, modernity and discontent, economic reforms and their social impact, ethnicity, nationalism and religion, geopolitics, electoral systems and political power, European integration and the tragic demise of Yugoslavia.
Based on the results of recent research on the ideologies behind one of the most dramatic systematic transformations in world history, and including contributions from some of the world's leading experts, Between Past and Future is an essential reference book for scholars and students of all levels, policy-makers, journalists and the general reader interested in the past and future prospects of Central & Eastern Europe
An article by Joseph Farah on WorldNetDaily calls President Obama's gun-control plans, specifically, the reinstatement of the assault weapons ban, the way “that every mass-murdering tyranny in the history of the world started.”
The piece makes liberal use of the old (and fallacious) slippery slope argument—that banning some types of guns will lead to banning all guns, which will then lead to a tyrannical government and an oppressed people.
The slippery slope argument that the right-wing gun-rights people like to use is intended as a broad appeal to the fear of the people, or, put another way, intended to make us scared of our government, intended to make us “dead certain” that they are coming to take our guns and make us defenseless. Farah writes in his piece,
“In fact, that was what precipitated the War of Independence. When British occupying forces set out to seize New Englanders' arms depots at Lexington and Concord, the colonists drew a line in the sand. They understood that without firearms, they would lose any leverage they might have with their masters. They understood that without firearms, they would be hapless subjects of tyrannical government forever. A new generation of Americans find themselves in just that predicament again, as Barack Obama puts on a full-court press to ban entire classifications of firearms leading inevitably to a government monopoly on force.”
Given that the first assault weapons ban didn't lead to a government monopoly on force, why is it a given that this one will? This is where the fallacy of the slippery slope lies, in the assertion that one action will inevitably lead to another specified action, when, in fact, there are other possibilities, including that the original action will be the end of it.
The fact of the matter is that there has been a 200% jump in the number of mass killings in the U.S. since 2005, going from an average of 1.13 per year from 1900 all the way to 2005 to an average of 3.5 per year since then, according to the Daily Kos. There have been 28 mass killings in the U.S. since the assault weapons ban expired, and 7 occurred in 2012 (the FBI defines “mass killing” as an incident in which at least 4 people die).
While the slippery slope is often used as an appeal to fear, Farah is also making blatant appeal to fear that's separate from the slippery slope. Towards the end of his piece, he states,
“Yes, children were slaughtered at Newtown, Connecticut's Sandy Hook Elementary School. But not one of those children would have been saved by Obama's gun grab. To many Americans, that doesn't matter. They just feel that something must be done. What they don't understand is that they are helping to set up more carnage, more Sandy Hooks, more bloodshed and, ultimately, the end of government accountability to its citizenry.”
The appeal to fear generally uses propaganda and deception to steer people towards a certain action or conclusion. This part of Farah's argument likens gun control to a complete ban on guns, and people who agree with this argument like to cite Nazi Germany, where Jews and other classes of people that the Nazis oppressed were prohibited from owning guns, the USSR, Guatemala, and more, and completely ignores the fact that there are plenty of peaceful countries with democratic governments that still have far stricter gun control laws in place than the U.S.
For instance, in Japan, people must hold a shotgun license for ten years before being allowed to apply for a license to own a hunting rifle. Licensing procedures include written and practical exams, and attendance at periodic gun-safety lectures. Handguns are banned from private ownership. In 2008, Japan's overall intentional homicide rate was less than 1 per 100,000 people.
The U.K. has made it extremely difficult to get a license for a firearm. People who want to own a firearm must fill out a lot of paperwork and essentially prove that that owning a gun is necessary, and that they are not dangerous to society. Self-defense is not accepted as a reason for being granted a license. Automatic weapons, semi-automatic weapons and handguns are banned. Shootings have not been eliminated, but over time, they have been greatly reduced.
Finland, with 45 guns per 100 people, requires heavy background checks and licensing. Automatic weapons are banned from private ownership, though semi-automatic weapons can be purchased with a specific license. The same applies to handguns. Their licensing requirements include passing written and practical tests. Finland also has a very low gun-homicide rate.
Switzerland, which also has the private ownership of firearms deeply ingrained in its culture and guaranteed by law, has a ban on fully automatic weapons, requires a specific license for semi-automatic weapons and handguns. Applicants for licenses are required to prove a genuine need, and self-defense is an acceptable need. Concealed carry licenses require special safety training, and gun owners must re-qualify for their licenses once every five years.
The U.S., however, tends to be resistant to licensing and stronger background checks, and is extremely resistant to the idea of banning certain types of firearms, such as military-grade assault weapons. The argument goes in circles, with many in the gun-rights lobby pointing out different slippery slopes with each type of control measure that can be instituted, along with statements about why none of it will work and why such measures are unconstitutional, and stymieing efforts here to institute responsible measures while trying to appeal to the fear of the people.
Obama may be pushing for an assault weapons ban, but that has to be written up and passed by Congress. The executive orders that he signed are more common-sense, such as making relevant data available to the national background check system and creating a better informational sharing system across agencies, a nationwide campaign to promote safety and responsibility, lifting the restrictions currently on the CDC regarding gun violence research, developing emergency resource plans for schools and religious places, and more. Some of these measures are in line with the control measures elsewhere in the developed world.
Nick Henn of Canvas Chameleons
A tiny panther chameleon still coming to terms with its birth. Nick Henn of Canvas Chameleons
A newborn panther chameleon (Furcifer pardalis) has difficulty believing he has hatched from the egg.
But as Mother Nature Network explains, he is actually curled up like this as a result of a natural hatching mishap.
Generally, young chameleons of this species don't need any help hatching so long as the first crack they make in the shell (known as the "pip") is located at the end of the egg where their head is positioned. However, if they pip on the side of the egg (as the one in this photo did), then it can be a grave challenge for them to push out of the shell since their head isn't near the cracked pipping hole.
Fortunately breeder Nick Henn of Canvas Chameleons was there as midwife.
"When his siblings were running around the container and he was still hanging out in the egg, I knew it was time to help," Henn explains on his Facebook page.
"This isn't to say that he wouldn't have found a way out, but based off my past experiences with situations just like this, I felt it was necessary to play Mother Nature and give him a helping hand."
The little guy maybe be brown now, but as an adult he will be as brightly coloured as his cousin pictured below.
A brightly coloured panther chameleon Getty Images
Unless it has the neon colored joy-con controllers, the Nintendo Switch is a boring console to look at. Yes, most consoles are also black bricks, but there is really nothing special about the Switch's default design. One clever Switch owner didn't want to settle for that and gave their system one of hell of a makeover. Prepare yourselves to see a true masterpiece, my friends.
A user by the name of Clown TV from South Korean website Ruliweb has made a thing of beauty. He created skins that make the Switch resemble the old-school Super Famicom (the Japanese SNES). He even went so far as to create skins for the Switch dock. I've seen a lot of custom console skins in my day but this is one of the best. Seriously, I want to contact this person to see if they can send me a pack or two of these Super Famicom Switch skins. This is simply stunning.
As you can see from the video above, applying the skins takes some skill. You know putting skins on a system is serious when you need to use a blow drier. It is unclear how long this entire process took. It certainly doesn't look like an easy project to complete. Given the final results, I would wager to say it took the better part of a day.
It should be noted that Nintendo has hired third party companies to create custom skins for the Switch. Perhaps one of them will eventually create skins that mimic the Super Famicom or other classic Nintendo systems. If they do, they will certainly get my money. Until that day, I'll just stare at this marvelous creation and long for the day I can make my Switch look that awesome.
Follow this link to see the full gallery.
Moussa Dembele has scored 20 goals since joining Celtic in the summer
Chelsea are interested in signing Celtic striker Moussa Dembele - but it may cost them £40m to secure the player.
Sky sources understand Celtic are extremely reluctant to sell before Tuesday's transfer deadline and would not consider a bid below £40m.
Dembele's progress has been monitored closely by the Blues going back to his time at Fulham, when he was also of interest to Tottenham and almost signed for Spurs in January 2016.
Moussa Dembele left Fulham at the end of his contract for just £500,000
Celtic paid a nominal £500,000 development fee to sign Dembele after his contract at Craven Cottage expired last summer.
Dembele has scored 20 goals in 38 appearances in all competitions this season.
Chelsea have been discussing bringing in a new striker this month and have been reportedly interested in Swansea forward Fernando Llorente.
Grab a NOW TV Sky Sports Day Pass and stay glued in to all the latest transfer news from Sky Sports News HQ as the window draws in, all for just £6.99. No contract.
I reevaluated my MLP ships after catching up on every episode and watching all the movies (and the first one again just for the heck of it).
So, as I discovered, you can literally ship Twilight with ANYONE. She's just one of those characters. In fact, she's easiest to ship with the more villainous characters! However, in the end, I just don't think Trixie is either evil enough or even close enough to Twilight to be shipped with her anymore.. Not when there are such better contenders!
Soooooo, in the end... I actually ship Twilight with Sunset Shimmer (what a painful long distance relationship TTvTT between... worlds...), and I ended up deciding that while Trixie and Twilight are broken up and Starlight was a close second to Twilight's heart... I would ship Trixie and Starlight Glimmer! And the more think of how Trixie and Starlight would interact as someone who is honestly not that good at magic and someone who is even better than Twilight herself at magic, one with a huge ego and the other without her originally purpose, I started to realize their dynamic was a lot more compatible than my old OTP of Twixie...
So, in summary, I ship Twilight Shimmer and Trixie Glimmer.
ALSO WHAT THE F*** WHO NAMED THESE GUYS??? I'm getting so confused XD
---
In pertinence to the above image? Basically some stuff probably went down when Starlight tried to befriend someone outside of the mane six (which ended up being Trixie), and after opening up and spending a lot of time with Trixie, welll.... Now, Starlight's just a little confused about some principles of 'friendship'. It can't hurt to ask, right?
University of North Dakota goalie Zane McIntyre may not have led his team to the NCAA men's hockey championship, but he's still a champion in one Minnesota teen's eyes.
Minnesota teen Shayla, who was born with hydrocephalus, cerebral palsy and Goldenhar syndrome, has had 16 surgeries in 17 years. She is a diehard UND hockey fan and her favorite player is McIntyre.
Shayla's stepfather reached out to McIntyre's mother about the possibility of the UND star being her prom date and McIntyre agreed immediately, according to the Grand Forks Herald .
Thursday night, April 9th, after UND 's loss in the Frozen Four, Shayla's parents informed her of McIntyre's plan to take her to prom, which will happen May 2nd, in Warren, MN.
The video below, which was posted to Facebook over the weekend, has been viewed nearly 80,000 times:
Here is the video from when we surprised her with the news. We told her right after the game on Thursday. My mom, Jerry and Shayla's teacher Mary (who I might add has been the absolute best to Shayla since the day we moved to Warren!!) had set everything up for Zane to take Shayla. This is only part of the video. Posted by Life through Shaylas eyes on Sunday, April 12, 2015
[ Grand Forks Herald ]
I don't know anything about war games. War Games.
But I do like reading old things and finding connections to current things. And I like writing about them in the hope that if I can convince you that these connections can be meaningful even if (especially if) they're not intentional or causal, then perhaps you will have a slightly more enjoyable day.
Today's book: Little Wars; a game for boys from twelve
years of age to one hundred and fifty and for that more intelligent sort of girls who likes boys' games and books, by H.G. Wells. Yes, that H.G. Wells—the one who wrote the novels whose readers gave us steampunk.
What a terrible subtitle for a book! A lot of the writing's tone is very wry, as though dude can't BELIEVE he's getting paid to write about games (assuming that in 1913 he was, you know, getting paid).
Best known as a science-fiction novelist, Herbert George Wells did, in fact, write about games—games he himself had designed! He is sometimes cited as the “Father of Miniature Gaming” (in those days, “tabletop” games took place on the floor, because the miniatures were much less miniature than today's miniatures).
Wells's wife does appear in the rulebook occasionally—or at least, she took the photographs, mostly of men in suits and boaters crawling around on the ground. I can only imagine that when Wells say the game can be played “by girls of the better sort, and by a few rare and gifted women”... well, there are people far better qualified than I am to deal with that, so I'll just leave it there and roll my eyes. But I have to wonder if Wells would have been mobilized against the “Fake Geek Girl,” or if he might think that Calvin's “Get Rid Of Slimy girlS” sign was not entirely a joke.
I'd hoped to be able to play Wells's game, but I lack the “spring breechloader gun,” that “altogether elegant weapon” that inspired the creation of these very thorough rules. I also lack the patience and the large amount of floor-space this game requires.
So instead I'm going to talk about the rules! I thought this would be a very Fun Approach because I could be completely free of any of the actuality of the game and just run with my own interpretations. Because I'm the writer of this piece and, well, Wells is long gone.
Unfortunately for me, Wells was a writer and so, long before you even get to anything resembling a list of rules, he walks you through the creation of those rules. He writes about what the point of the rules is—about the situations the rules are meant to allow and the situations they block.
Here's what I gathered:
Being too much like chess is a bad thing. If your games play out like chess, why not play chess? Plus, there's Little Wars' use of actually-shooting toy cannons and soldiers that look like humans (no Islamic restriction on graven images to influence these designs, unlike chess pieces). The playing area, the “Country,” has shifted away from the abstract squares of chess, instead using another tradition: model village-building.
Wells details this transition, how they created spaces that he saw as less an abstraction and more a miniaturization. They were reduced in size, but not to core functional components. Topography, not topology, is what was important. This followed the cannon shot: The toy guns actually shot, so they were like miniature cannons, and so the space built around them should follow that same translation.
But the Country is not the country; the game is not the war. Wells writes about how strategy in the game is not strategy that would apply to warfare: “Now, in actual civilised warfare small detached bodies do not sell their lives dearly.” They needed to, as Wells puts it, “prevent such inhuman heroisms.” Individual soldiers attacking far superior numbers with no thought for their own nonexistent (read: not modeled-by-the-rules) lives was not believable. And so, in the pursuit of more believable realism in their simulation, they added another abstraction: points.
Points were intended as an “inducement” for the players to be less sacrificial in their dealings with their soldier pieces. Again, lead soldier pieces have no will of their own. No personal desires, sublimated to the desires of the army (the nation? The commanding officer?), that might result in self-preserving disobedience. Points gave the players something to care about beyond out-and-out winning at all costs. I don't know much about military command, but I would think these points' best analogue would be a commander's desire not to have all of their soldiers die.
But notice: This is still about the commanders, the players. There is no modeling of the soldiers' lives outside of their value to the player's victory, values which are slightly different during (when they are extensions of the player's will), and after (when they become symbols of the quality of that will), play.
Then the rules are laid out as individual rules, even though occasionally the need to present examples and contingencies in a list format leads to many-worded sentences difficult to parse.
But then… oh, then!
“And suddenly your author changes.
He changes into what perhaps he might have been—under different circumstances. His inky fingers become large, manly hands, his drooping scholastic back stiffens, his elbows go out, his etiolated complexion corrugates and darkens, his moustaches increase and grow and spread, and curl up horribly; a red scare, a sabre cut, grows lurid over one eye. He expands. All over he expands. He clears his throat startlingly, lugs at the still growing ends of his moustache, and says, wiht just a faint and fading doubt in his voice as to whether he can do it, ‘Yas, Sir!'”
And then General H.G.W. of the Blue Army walks we readers through his experience at the Battle of Hook's Farm. Photos provided by “a woman war-correspondent, A.C.W., a daring ornament of her sex” (yep).
General H.G.W. relates the story in competition with HG Wells: The former snipes at the shortcomings of ”'fine writing'” (double quotes because I'm quoting the scare single-quotes from the text), while the latter provides footnotes pointing out inaccuracies in the account, which tend to, let's say, overstate the drama of any given situation.
The last chapter, before the book spins into an appendix about kriegspiel and how boring it is and how the Little Wars franchise is… wait, no, sorry, confusing the past and the present again.
It's Wells-the-pacifist explaining the benefits of Little Wars—how it's more reasonable than the large-scale actual war, less wasteful and destructive. He's being a bit of a smartass, but the entire thing takes on a heavier tone when he refers to it as Great War. In 1913, that didn't mean trenches and No-Man's-Lands and chemical weapons (all of which I'm sure would be both a pain AND a downer to model).
I wonder if this would be useful to game designers, at least in the way that I understand Books About Game Design. There is no overarching theory here; there are no lessons learned that promise to be true in any context. Little Wars exists precisely because of a set of physical toys and the perceptions and interests of a niche few individuals that encountered them.
Presenting the story of how the rules came to be gets in the way of thinking of the rules as a hard-and-fast list of restrictions that sprang fully-formed from Wells's head (I wonder if Athena would be an “intelligent sort of girl who likes boys' games and books”). It may not be personal in the way that some designers and artists try to embody their experience in their work, but it's certainly not the easily-mass-produced list of rules and plastic/cardboard chits I was expecting from a war game.
I'd probably give it like a 9 for fun factor but a 2 for graphics, and the gameplay was a 1. (I don't think it really took advantage of the Nook hardware.)
Brian Taylor kept singing Neutral Milk Hotel's “Little Birds,” replacing “Birds” with “Wars.”
The photographs in Brian's feature were filched from this marvelous scan of the book.
A massive leak of more than 11 million documents reveals a global web of corruption and tax hidden wealth. What we're learning about the Panama Papers.
People gather to demonstrate against Iceland's prime minister, in Reykjavik on Monday April 4, 2016. (AP Photo/Brynjar Gunnarsson)
Everybody's talking about the Panama Papers. The biggest leak of financial data in history, and it's all about the shadowy world of hidden offshore money. Wealth. Terabytes of data lighting up the hidden finances of presidents and prime ministers. Celebrities. Soccer stars. FIFA. A cellist who is the best friend of Vladimir Putin and two billion offshore dollars. The prime minister of Iceland has resigned. This hour On Point, hidden wealth, and the story told by the Panama Papers.
-- Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Gerard Ryle, investigative journalist and director of the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists at the Center for Public Integrity. Lead the ICIJ's Panama Papers investigation. (@RyleGerard)
Luke Harding, foreign correspondent for the Guardian and member of the Panama Papers reporting team. Author of "A Very Expensive Poison" and "Mafia State." (@lukeharding1968)
Ian Bremmer, political scientist and president and founder of the Eurasia Group. Global research professor at New York University and foreign affairs columnist for TIME Magazine. Author of "Superpower." (@ianbremmer)
From Tom's Reading List
ICIJ: Giant Leak of Offshore Financial Records Exposes Global Array of Crime and Corruption — "A massive leak of documents exposes the offshore holdings of 12 current and former world leaders and reveals how associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin secretly shuffled as much as $2 billion through banks and shadow companies. The leak also provides details of the hidden financial dealings of 128 more politicians and public officials around the world."
The Guardian: What are the Panama Papers? A guide to the biggest data leak in history — "The Panama Papers are an unprecedented leak of 11.5m files from the database of the world's fourth biggest offshore law firm, Mossack Fonseca...The documents show the myriad ways in which the rich can exploit secretive offshore tax regimes. Twelve national leaders are among 143 politicians, their families and close associates from around the world known to have been using offshore tax havens."
BBC News: Panama Papers: Leaks spur global investigations — "Iceland's Prime Minister, Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, is also shown to have had an undeclared interest linked to his wife's wealth. By Monday afternoon, 24,000 people in Iceland had signed a petition demanding his resignation, and a protest was expected in Reykjavik later. Mr Gunnlaugsson has ruled out stepping down. The leaked documents also show that Ian Cameron, the late father of UK Prime Minister David Cameron, was a Mossack Fonseca client."
City Mounties are hoping the public can help them find those responsible for a graffiti spree in West Park.
Red Deer RCMP responded at around 4:30 a.m. Sunday to a report of multiple acts of graffiti vandalism in the area of 57 Avenue and 57 A Avenue on West Park Church of the Nazarene, West Park Lodge, the seniors home shuttle bus, the door of a nearby home, and parked cars.
Graffiti included vulgar words and drawings, racist terms and “666.”
“This appears to be a case of immature minds trying to offend as many people as they could while randomly damaging the property of residents and organizations,” says Constable Sean Morris of the Red Deer RCMP. “RCMP are hoping people in the area may have seen suspicious activity, or have surveillance cameras that might have captured this antisocial and criminal behaviour.”
Morris adds, “Graffiti like this upsets the entire community for its random and juvenile attempts at insult and offense as well as for the cost to victims of removing it.”
Anyone with information is asked to call Red Deer RCMP at 403-343-5575, Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 or report it online at www.tipsubmit.com.
If your information leads to an arrest, you could be eligible for a cash reward up to $2,000.
Story highlights Apol's memo comes after a series of revelations about administration officials abusing flight privileges
OGE can't launch investigations or enforce ethics laws
Washington (CNN) The head of the Office of Government Ethics, concerned by the actions of some high-level officials, is calling on all of them to redouble efforts to ensure ethical behavior at their respective organizations.
OGE acting Director David Apol sent letters to more than 100 agency heads, asking them to set good examples by avoiding ethically questionable decisions. An attachment to Apol's memo lists various best practices; for example, it urges officials to model a "Should I do it?" mentality versus a "Can I do it?" one. Apol also encourages leadership to invite internal ethics officials to meetings.
Apol's memo comes after a series of revelations about administration officials abusing flight privileges, which sparked several investigations and one high-level resignation.
"I'm deeply concerned that the actions of some in government leadership have harmed perceptions about the importance of ethics and what conduct is and is not permissible," wrote Apol.
The Treasury Department's inspector general said last week that the administration cut corners when approving Secretary Steven Mnuchin's use of government aircraft, which cost taxpayers about $800,000. The IG's report followed former Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price's resignation amid a scandal over his use of private planes. Both undermined President Donald Trump's promise to cut government waste.
Read More
President Obama reiterated his support for DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Friday, saying he has her back.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I don't know how she does it because she's everywhere all the time, non-stop, and she's a mom and a wife, and has been just an incredible supporter of my agenda. She's taken tough votes when they're the right thing to do, and she is somebody who I have counted on consistently," Obama said at a DNC fundraiser in Florida Friday, according to a White House release. "She's had my back. I want to make sure we have her back — Debbie Wasserman Schultz."
Some Democratic lawmakers have openly discussed dropping Wasserman Schultz, saying that she has become too divisive within the party.
Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE has even endorsed her primary opponent and has accused her of favoring Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE in the Democratic primary race.
The president endorsed Wasserman Schultz for her district race in March.
The president gave his remarks at a fundraiser where tickets went for between $10,000 and $30,000. It was hosted by Robert Rubenstein.
Rev. Bill Lamar, the new pastor of the Metropolitan AME Church, on June, 01, 2014 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post) (Bill O'Leary/Washington Post)
In the 1960s the African American church was at the center of the civil rights struggle, but today, in the wake of the Charlottesville saga, black pastors do not appear to be as vocal and organized as they once were.
The Rev. William H. Lamar IV, pastor of the Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church in the District, spoke about the role of the church in this time with Hamil R. Harris, an adjunct professor at Morgan State University and a former Washington Post staff writer. The interview has been edited for brevity and clarity.
Q: On Aug. 12, an apparent white supremacist in Charlottesville allegedly ran over counterprotesters who came out to stand up against neo-Nazis, the Ku Klux Klan and other groups gathered for a unity rally against the removal of the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee. What should be the faith community's response?
A: The faith community, particularly the Christian community, must see the events of Charlottesville as symptomatic of our failure. By and large, Christian faith in America is a sentimentalized expression of personal piety. Jesus has become a doorman who opens the portals of eternity.
A car plowed into crowds at a white nationalist gathering in Charlottesville on Aug. 12, killing one person and injuring 19 others. (The Washington Post)
The movement of Jesus was violently persecuted by Rome and religious leaders who served as chaplains to the empire. Today, many who claim Christian faith are fully aligned with the American empire and are fully supportive of the racialized violence and oppression that has funded and still funds this empire. They helped to elect this president who morally equates white supremacists [with] those whom they oppress. They are satisfied with vague notions of personal salvation while not giving a damn about the sociopolitical and economic hell which assails many around the world. Jesus preached that the reign of God is now, not tomorrow.
What has happened and what will happen is as much the result of theological malpractice as it is the result of political malpractice.
The faith community must be about the work of sociopolitical transformation in the here and now. We must be faithful to this vision as was Jesus.
Q: When former presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama were in the White House, there was an Office of Faith-Based Initiatives. Has there been any outreach from this president in terms of bringing diverse faith leaders together, and is that important?
A: I have not been contacted by President Trump. But these programs at their worst can lull the church into a prophetic slumber. Often these are bones.
And a church busy chewing on bones discarded by the state will refuse to bark. And when we refuse to bark, the weakest among us become food for the predators that surround us.
One person was killed and 19 were injured amid protests of a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville on Aug. 12. Here's how the city became the scene of violence. (Elyse Samuels,Zoeann Murphy/The Washington Post)
Q: I interviewed a professor from Howard University who attends Metropolitan. She said that while she attends your church, she doesn't come there for politics but for faith. This professor's views reflect a growing attitude among millennials. How does the church recapture this generation?
A: Every justice is costly. But the history of America and the world proves that injustice is costlier.
Churches and preachers who claim to be apolitical are usually firmly aligned with the politics of American empire.The African Methodist Episcopal Church in general and Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church in particular are clear about our politics.
Ours are the politics of Jesus, and when this nation's politics are at odds with our politics, we speak and act boldly and without fear.
In his letter from the Birmingham jail, Martin Luther King appealed to white religious leaders to join blacks and others to deal with racism, and yet, 11 a.m. on Sunday is still very segregated and evangelicals have been silent. Is there any talk of coming together?
This cannot be solved by another kum-by-yah annual prayer breakfast or King Day service.
This will only be solved when America and her churches are willing to confess to their ultimate loyalty to whiteness and to empire. I cannot countenance another political leader saying that what we are seeing is not American.
What we see is fundamentally American. It is the America my ancestors knew. It is the America future generations will know unless America is willing to atone for her sins, redistribute power, and pursue a peace that is not the absence of conflict but the presence of economic, racial, gender and political justice.
Q: You have been arrested for protesting President Trump's position on immigration and other things, but we are not generally seeing the thousands of protesters like we witnessed in the 1960s.
A: Too many persons have been lulled to sleep by the trinkets of middle-class life in America. Too many believe that they and their children will know safety and prosperity. A rising stock market doesn't ensure progress. People fighting for their freedom and the freedom of others makes progress a possibility.
This nation has never granted freedom to anyone. Freedom has had to be demanded and fought for. And the fight continues. We cannot and do not bequeath rest to our progeny. We bequeath awareness and the willingness and responsibility to fight for justice.
Q: Is there a plan to challenge the “alt-right” [a far-right white supremacist movement]? Are some church leaders afraid to get involved?
A: Those who are afraid are confused. Clarity will build courage. We work on behalf of the God of the universe and the God of all people. Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church and all who know our Lord will continue to do what we have always done. We will worship. We will liberate. We will serve.
Morning News Brief: North Korea Missile Test, Turkish Vote, Ohio Manhunt
North Korea launched a failed missile test. Turkish voters granted the president sweeping new powers. Authorities in Cleveland search for a man who they say posted a video of a murder on Facebook.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Up first, the United States says it has run out of patience with North Korea. So what's the Trump administration do now? A missile test failed in North Korea over the weekend, but tension remains. On the birthday of North Korea's founder, the government showed off missiles in a parade and also tried to test one - didn't work. It happened just as Vice President Pence visited U.S. ally South Korea.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: We will meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective response.
INSKEEP: One U.S. official says if there had been a nuclear test over the weekend - which there was not - the U.S. may well have responded.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
All right, a couple of colleagues who have been covering this story - NPR's Rob Schmitz is in Shanghai, and Scott Detrow from NPR's Politics team is here in Washington. Hello to you both.
SCOTT DETROW, BYLINE: Morning.
ROB SCHMITZ, BYLINE: Good morning.
GREENE: Let's listen to a little more of what Vice President Pence said in Seoul today.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PENCE: Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan. North Korea would do well not to test his resolve.
GREENE: Scott - mentioning other military strikes from President Trump there, is President Trump getting ready to hit North Korea?
DETROW: Well, whether or not he is, I think it's clear that President Trump and the Trump administration want North Korea to think that this is a real option for the United States. You've seen increasingly tough talk from President Trump, saying declaratively and bluntly, the U.S. will solve the problem, you know, this from Vice President Mike Pence, also national security officials telling various news outlets that the U.S. is actively looking at different options here. The difference of course between North Korea and Syria and Afghanistan is that this is a country with a massive arsenal that could strike our allies, like South Korea and Japan, you know, almost immediately if there was any sort of confrontation. So it's very high stakes.
GREENE: OK. High stakes and nerves in Asia where, Rob Schmitz, you are. And we should say - Rob, I mean, the vice president - not just these tough words but he goes to a visit right in the demilitarized zone, where you can actually look into North Korea. I mean, is he sending some kind of message there?
SCHMITZ: Well, I think visiting the DMZ is something past presidents have done, and it's something Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did a month ago when he visited the region. So a state visit to South Korea usually involves a trip there. But Pence's visit to the DMZ today carries more weight because I think relations are so tense in this region.
And, you know, he addressed this escalation in the speeches he made today. He said that all options are on the table when it comes to the North. As you mentioned, he talked about Syria and was - he sort of spoke in a threatening tone. But what's interesting also is that this seemed all to contradict Trump's NSA adviser, H.R. McMaster, who told ABC this weekend that the president was not considering military action against the North for now.
GREENE: I mean, different messages coming from different people in the administration. Scott Detrow, is this a White House that is sort of learning as they go here in these early days?
DETROW: Well, I think a lot of people keep coming back to that quote from President Trump last week, saying - talking about his meeting with China's president, Xi Jinping, saying that, you know, he thought China could really control the situation here. But after listening for 10 minutes, I realized it's not so easy. I thought that they had tremendous power, but it's not what you would think. So I mean...
INSKEEP: A reminder that perhaps he hadn't been listening for 10 minutes before. But go ahead. Go ahead.
DETROW: (Laughter) But I mean, I think one big shift you saw in terms of how Trump deals with China is this issue of currency manipulation. That's something he talked a lot about on the campaign trail, saying...
GREENE: Over and over again...
DETROW: Over and over, almost part of his daily stump speech. And he changed his minds, said they wouldn't do that. And then this weekend, he tweeted that - why would I label them that when we're working with them to solve the North Korea issue?
INSKEEP: Scott, you made an interesting point when you reminded us that President Trump promised, at one point, that I will solve the problem - we will solve the problem of North Korea. I just went back and counted. President Trump is the 13th American president to be dealing with this North Korean regime, the 13th...
GREENE: That's amazing.
INSKEEP: ...President in a row, a reminder of what a giant order that is to solve this problem. Up to now, for president after president, this has been a problem to manage not solve.
GREENE: All right, Rob Schmitz, I know you're going to be covering this story. Thanks so much for taking the time this morning.
SCHMITZ: Thank you.
GREENE: And Scott Detrow, stay with us as we turn to another story. Turkey has now just voted, really, to undermine its own democracy. Steve, what exactly happened?
INSKEEP: Well, Turkey's president claimed victory in a referendum over the weekend. And I'm sure he would not say it undermines democracy. But Recep Tayyip Erdoğan asked for and narrowly received much more power. The referendum here changes Turkey's constitution, abolishes the post of prime minister and does add to fears that a popular Democratic leader has made his country far less democratic. Remember, this is the president whose crackdown on the media put journalists in jail, put opposition lawmakers in jail. The vote was very close, roughly 51 to 49 percent. And a main opposition party says it's going to challenge many of the ballots.
GREENE: And we've got NPR's Peter Kenyon on the line in Istanbul. Hey, Peter.
PETER KENYON, BYLINE: Hey, David.
GREENE: So what is - exactly does this mean? Is Turkey a different country now after this vote?
KENYON: Well, a lot of this isn't going to kick in till after the next elections, and those are set for 2019. But, I mean, really Erdoğan has been acting like a very strong president ever since he was elected in 2014. And at the moment, he's got extraordinary powers because of this state of emergency Steve referenced, this huge purge, more than 100,000 people - military, civil service, media.
And the government yesterday sees this vote as a public stamp of approval for Erdoğan's increasingly strong-handed rule basically. But what is he ruling? - a very divided nation, no matter how many times he called for unity. You know, I listened to his speech last night. He kept calling Turkey my nation, as in no one can threaten my nation.
GREENE: Belongs to him...
(CROSSTALK)
GREENE: It belongs to him, not the people, which is...
KENYON: It almost sounded that way for a minute. And he's threatening to bring back the death penalty. That could end the EU bid for Turkey, raise a lot of questions about where it's heading. And you know, as we keep saying, this is important. All those anti-ISIS airstrikes, they're coming from Turkish air bases. There's the migrant issue. There's NATO. A lot of places - the West relies on Turkey. And those strains, we have to say, are pretty - and those ties, we have to say, are pretty strained right now.
GREENE: Yeah. I mean, you mentioned an important but strained relationship with the United States. Scott Detrow, I mean, President Obama tolerated Erdoğan as it looked like there were signs he was moving closer and closer to being more authoritarian with these crackdowns and so forth. Is there any sign that President Trump is going to handle this relationship differently?
DETROW: I don't think so. I know one consistent of Trump has been his comfort with autocratic or strongman rulers, his praise for Vladimir Putin very well-documented, I think it's safe to say. You know, he met with Egypt's president, el-Sissi, the other week in the White House. He had very warm words, saying that el-Sissi's done a fantastic job.
The readout we got from an early call between President Trump and Erdoğan was positive. They talked about working together to defeat ISIS. And Trump actually praised Erdoğan several times last year when he was responding to the coup. That's a response that, you know, as Peter mentioned, involved a lot of crackdowns.
GREENE: So Peter, no sign that the U.S.-Turkey relationship is going to change fundamentally here?
KENYON: You always hear that it's too important economically, securitywise. But at the moment, the rhetoric is certainly on a very dangerous edge.
INSKEEP: This is a reminder, I think, that when you learn in school that democracy is majority-rule, that's an incomplete answer. It's not quite right. It's not even just the rule of law. Democracy, we've learned, is a situation where nobody has a monopoly on power. We've seen...
GREENE: And you don't call it my country.
INSKEEP: Yeah. And we've seen a demonstration of that here in the United States. The president has to wrestle with the courts. He has to wrestle with Congress. Congress has to wrestle with people in town hall meetings. They've all got to deal with the media. The situation that's evolving in Turkey, though, is a president who has to deal with less and less of any kind of questioning or opposition.
GREENE: All right, NPR's Peter Kenyon in Istanbul and NPR's Scott Detrow here in Washington - thanks, guys.
DETROW: Sure thing.
KENYON: Thanks.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GREENE: And Steve, a really troubling, bizarre story out of Cleveland this morning about crime and the role of social media.
INSKEEP: Yeah. The FBI and police in Cleveland are searching for a man who, they say, posted a video of a murder on Facebook. They say the man, named Steve Stephens, began filming in his car before he stopped and killed 74-year-old Robert Goodwin (ph) Sr. who is described as a random victim. Now also in a video, Stephens claimed - although this is not confirmed - he claimed to have committed other murders.
GREENE: Annie Wu, a reporter from WCPN Ideastream in Cleveland, has been following this. And she is on the line.
Annie, what - this is just bizarre in so many ways. Is Facebook saying anything about their role here with this video going up?
ANNIE WU, BYLINE: Well, a Facebook spokesperson issued a statement calling it a horrific crime and they work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook and that they're in touch with law enforcement in emergencies. So I asked Cleveland police how did they learn about the incident - was it from Facebook, and are they working with Facebook in any way on this incident? But I haven't heard back from the police yet.
GREENE: But it just raises questions about the role of a social media organization in a tragic event like this.
WU: Well, so we'll be watching to see how Facebook continues to react to this. Will they crack down on these postings where people are in physical danger? Will there be calls for more oversight over social media, and will that be self-regulated oversight or government-regulated oversight maybe? As far as self-regulation goes, Facebook has now removed the video, but some have continued to share it. So if you look on Twitter, you'll see people are asking others to not continue to circulate this video.
GREENE: The kind of self-regulating you're talking about there, if people would be willing to do that. Annie Wu from WCPN Ideastream, thanks a lot.
WU: Thank you.
GREENE: Steve, it feels like this tells us something...
INSKEEP: Yeah, yeah.
GREENE: ...About this moment.
INSKEEP: Well, a little bit of a reminder that social media, by and large, is not edited. It's reality. And there may even be cases - we'll find out more about this one - where the presence of social media itself creates a kind of reality or encourages people to create a kind of reality on the ground.
(SOUNDBITE OF SCOTT JOPLIN'S "PLEASANT MOMENTS")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
MARCH 4--Prosecutors are now considering criminal charges against members of Michael Brown's family in connection with a violent confrontation over the sale of merchandise commemorating the late teenager, who was shot to death last year by a police officer.
The St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney recently received the results of a months-long investigation by Ferguson Police Department detectives who probed the October 18 beating and robbery of t-shirt vendors, one of whom was hospitalized following the assault.
A prosecutor's spokesperson told TSG that lawyers are now reviewing material forwarded by police, a package that addresses charges that could be filed against the suspects.
The decision on whether to pursue charges in connection with the ransacking of the “Justice for Mike Brown” merchandise operation (seen above) is particularly sensitive since Lesley McSpadden, Brown's mother, is named in a police report as one of the “attackers” who participated in the assault, which cops classified as a felony armed robbery.
Additionally, prosecutors are mulling charges in the face of a Department of Justice probe that has concluded that Ferguson cops have engaged in a “pattern and practice” of discrimination against African-American citizens, whose rights have routinely been violated by members of the Missouri city's predominantly white police force.
The St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney also handled the grand jury presentment in the Brown case, which ended when jurors declined to vote indictments against Officer Darren Wilson, the Ferguson cop who killed the unarmed teenager.
As detailed in a Ferguson Police Department report, the fight over the sale of Brown merchandise occurred in the parking lot of a barbecuse restaurant, where three vendors set up tables under a pair of canopy tents. One of the vendors was Pearlie Gordon, 54, the mother-in-law of Michael Brown Sr. (who is divorced from McSpadden).
According to the report, a group of about 20-30 suspects “jumped out of vehicles and rushed” Gordon, Tony Petty, and Matthew Cosey. Gordon told police that McSpadden, 34, approached her tent and said, “You can't sell this shit.” Gordon replied, according to the report, that “unless McSpadden could produce documentation stating that she had a patent on her son's name she (Gordon) was going to continue to sell her merchandise.”
At that point, McSpadden's mother, Desureia Harris, began to rip down t-shirts hanging on a line, Gordon told police. Other members of the group then began “tearing her booth apart,” added Gordon, who said she was knocked to the ground and repeatedly struck in the head.
Gordon told Ferguson police that McSpadden “ran up” and punched her during the melee, while also instructing a cohort to “get her ass.”
Gordon (left) and McSpadden are pictured above.
In addition to McSpadden and her mother, the raiding party included McSpadden's husband, according to Gordon. Louis Head, McSpadden's spouse, is an ex-con best known for urging protesters to “Burn this bitch down” after prosecutors announced that no criminal charges would be filed against Wilson. Head is seen at right.
Petty was transported by EMS workers to a local hospital for treatment of “injuries sustained during the assault,” noted cops, who reported that suspects “fled the scene prior to police arrival.” More than $1500 in merchandise and $400 in cash “was stolen by unknown subjects” during the assault, according to investigators.
A witness cited in the police report told cops that she watched the attack from her car while at a red signal. The woman said she saw several individuals enter the tent from opposite sides and begin “assaulting (punching) the vendors.” In a video provided to TSG by another passing motorist, a man--apparently one of the vendors--is seen being pinned to the pavement by a larger man who is throwing punches. Standing next to the attacker is a woman holding a metal rod. (3 pages)
In the second part of a two-part Q&A, Nick van Terheyden, M.D., chief medical officer of Dell's healthcare and life sciences services division, discusses patient engagement and the democratization of delivering healthcare information. Read part one, in which van Terheyden talks about health consumerism's benefits for patients and providers.
Could you talk about the democratization of delivering healthcare, greater access to healthcare information and other factors that empower patients?
Nick van Terheyden: I think the biggest driver, or one of the biggest drivers, of this is mobile technology. It's not that long ago that the iPhone arrived on the scene. And it's now all pervasive. And I know that's widely variable, certainly in the international setting. It's not quite the same accessibility. But even in poorer parts of the world, in Africa, mobile technology remains one of the mainstays of access and distribution.
Nick van Terheyden, M.D. Nick van Terheyden, M.D.
So, in our world, a great example of that: I remember I had a friend who was just a goldmine, a Google for movies. You'd know the movie or you'd know somebody who was in the movie who you were trying to think of, and you could call her and say, 'Hey, it's ...' And I'd describe what I knew and she would help me get to the movie I was trying to think of. That's been entirely replaced by access to [film website] IMDb. I can always get to the movie I'm trying to think of.
The same is true with all this healthcare information. Even when you go to Africa, where their access to the technology is limited quite often to text-based phones, even with the simple process of text-based messaging, they've got systems that allow them to expand the reach and accessibility of healthcare information for their community. They have a much less dense availability of physicians. So, where there are fewer physicians per person ... they use paraclinical resources. They support them with text messaging. We've seen work on outbreak information. Everybody knows about Ebola. But there are many other diseases that have a transmission effect and the ability to communicate that so that you can bring the resources and support and also quarantine appropriately.
One of my favorite examples, because it has this really compelling message at the end, [is] the ultrasounds that are carried out on pregnant moms that were stored and forwarded using a minimal amount of data. They were done by people who were trained to do them, but couldn't read them. They weren't typically physicians, but rather, more often than not, a midwife or somebody like that in these remote villages. This is about access and democratization of delivering healthcare information, and pushing it out to the people and making the people [who] are experts more available.
You've referred to patient engagement as the 'drug of the century.' Could you elaborate on that and also talk about some of the best ways to create patient engagement in delivering healthcare?
van Terheyden: So, first off, I want to be sure that I give credit to [health IT theorist] Leonard Kish, who originally coined that phrase. I reference it a lot. What he did was essentially make a comparison of patient engagement to treatment with a drug. And if you could take patient engagement, put it into a pill and offer it for sale, people would fall over themselves to buy the patient engagement drug because it's so effective at improving the overall quality of health for patients.
In a Kaiser study in 2009 of coordinated cardiac care, the folks [who] were enrolled in this coordinated, engaged group had an 88% reduction in the risk of dying of cardiac-related causes. That's an astounding result. The clinical care teams in that engagement reduced overall mortality by a hard number of 76%. So, as a tool, I think patient engagement [has] been proven to really deliver value. I also think it makes sense. I talk a lot about democratization of healthcare and the accessibility of healthcare information. One of my other great leaders in this space that I look to a lot is Eric Topol, [M.D.], whose original book, The Creative Destruction of Medicine, and then subsequently, The Patient Will See You Now, have been really important.
Those books really emphasized this change and move away from this paternalistic system that I grew up in. When I went to medical school, I was essentially imbued with these huge amounts of knowledge. It wasn't that long before I got into medical school that medical textbooks were off-limits, and you couldn't get into a medical library if you couldn't prove you are clinician. That's all obviously changed appropriately, and being the holder of information is no longer the expertise. And we, as physicians, are not the ultimate experts.
How can patients benefit most from participating in delivering healthcare and patient engagement?
van Terheyden: This patient engagement demands that people get involved. Obviously, their capacity to understand all the details is highly variable. And that's really one of the functions for the clinical teams is to help guide them through that challenging terminology, challenging science and understanding explaining it in ways to allow them to make informed decisions. And that's really the sort of key to this process. It's not just physicians engaging, but patients engaging.
And I think there is much to blame, certainly, in my parents' generation. You know, the idea that you would ever challenge your physician. If he said X was true, X was true. You would never question that or ask why even. That was just what they did. And I think we have to move away from that. Younger generations are better at it, but still not as good as we need to [be]. And we need to encourage that so that they become fully engaged participants in the care process, and spending as much time on their own healthcare as they do when they go and buy a toaster on Amazon and review all the data about toasters and decide which is the best one for them. We should be doing the same thing with delivering healthcare.
Spoiler (Move your mouse to the spoiler area to reveal the content)
1. You can pull a evolved form of a unit on the rare summon. The evolved unit have better skill than their first form, so it's better to use 4 or 5 star unit as friend.
2. If you have some duplicate, fuse the weaker one into the stronger one to gain +5% of trust.
3. You'll get 100 gems each time you level up or complete a story area.
4. Some unit can't evolve to 5*, most of them are the "secondary" characters of their FF series (Cyan, Penelo, Kain…). The main character however, can evolve to 5* (Vaan, Firion, Terra...)
Main antagonist have their own 5* too, such as Garland, Cloud of Darkness, Exdeath...
5. Same as BF, try to spark as much as possible, same thing when using your unit limit.
6. In dungeon (the green quest), there's a lot of hidden passage, same thing for the town.
7. Don't forget to use item whenever you're in trouble, especially to cure statut ailment. Also, the most annoying ailments are blind and stone, so watch out. Remember that some unit can cure ailment too.
8. Everyone here knows the spark system from BF, so I'll not explain further. But did you know that if you use, let's say, two fire, or two ice spells at the same time, you'll get a bonus damage ? It's called Element Chain.
9. You can easily earn money by using the third vortex to level up some 1 or 2 stars unit, then sell them.
Howell Raines, a former executive editor of the New York Times, is working on a novel set during the Civil War.
Dan Balz's history of the 2012 campaign ends with an astonishing scene from a post-election interview with Mitt Romney. When the reporter brings up his infamous “47 percent” remark, Romney blurts, “Actually I didn't say that.” He then retrieves his iPad and leads Balz, line by line, through an excruciatingly delusional exegesis of the speech that crippled his campaign.
Balz, a fair-minded reporter in the tradition of his Washington Post mentor, the late David Broder, resists the temptation to belabor the obvious. The Republican nominee just didn't understand, then or now, what happened last fall, particularly voters' mystifying insistence on verbal precision. Like his father, George, whose Republican presidential candidacy in 1968 flamed out when he said he had been “ ‘brainwashed' by the generals and others about the Vietnam War,” Mitt Romney is a master of the self-immolating quote. The Republican Party, if it's lucky, will not see his like again.
Balz argues that the 2012 “collision” between President Obama and Romney set the pattern for future contests in several ways, starting with a nation hatefully and equally divided along socioeconomic and party lines. Moreover, the technological mastery of the Obama team, which caught its opponents flat-footed, has created a radically elevated standard for campaign management that neither party can ignore. Balz also shows how wrong the Republicans are to believe that the problem is not their message. He argues that their veneration of austerity has severed the GOP's connection with swing voters in the middle class. This suggests that if the party sticks to its balance sheets, the Democrats may achieve a hegemony similar to the Republican ascendancy ushered in by Ronald Reagan's 1980 landslide. All these points are arranged around the unifying theme that the new American demographics mean disaster for an insistently white party with its base in the Deep South and the Rocky Mountains.
This book is old-fashioned in a good sense. The author likes the close-focus reportage of the “Boys on the Bus” era. But he adds a sure, up-to-date grasp of how new technologies and social media have disrupted the old order. Specific without being tedious, “Collision 2012” is short on windy analysis and long on attributed quotes and statistics.
“Collision 2012: Obama vs. Romney and the Future of Elections in America,” by Dan Balz. (Viking Adult)
Speaking of statistics, no book can be expected to fully explain how a data-driven executive like Romney lost his faith in market research. Balz points out that the uber-message of “the public polls of the overall national vote and in the battleground states” consistently pointed to an Obama victory. If Romney was the candidate of managerial expertise, how could he believe that only his pollsters in Boston and those feeding Fox News were reliable?
By his own account, Romney trusted independent poll numbers less than he trusted his feeling that he had turned the race around with his debate performance in Denver. “The campaign had changed,” Romney said, “from being clinical to being emotional. And that was very promising.” At a final rally in New Hampshire the night before the election, he sensed that voters had discovered a “passionate” devotion to him personally. “I mean, this was not just ‘Hey, we're happy with our nominee,' ” Romney recalled. “These people were saying, ‘We love this. This is great.' ”
Again, the reader is not beaten over the head with the counter-reality. The GOP twisted itself into knots to avoid nominating Romney. Primary voters were desperate enough to flirt with the zany Herman Cain and the madcap Newt Gingrich. The richest Republicans in Manhattan enlisted Henry Kissinger to lobby New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to run when Romney looked inevitable to them.
Christie gets a lot of attention from Balz, and rightly so. If Romney had picked him for his running mate instead of Rep. Paul Ryan, he might have won. Balz reports that at one point Romney said, “Governor, are you prepared to resign to be my running mate?,” leading Christie to believe, embarrassingly, that he had the nod. But that was before Romney and Ryan conceived what aides called a “bromance,” in which two budget nerds fell into each other's arms. It was folie a deux, as Balz tells it. The theory was that Ryan was such a good salesman, he could make sacking Medicare look like a reasoned response to debt apocalypse.
For inside-baseball readers, there's plenty to chew on. The tale of how a man worth more than $200 millionlet his campaign go dead in the summer because he could not match Obama's $150 million in attack ads on Bain Capital, Romney's former financial roost, is too good to summarize.Then there are the Monty Python moments. Balz informs us that when Stuart Stevens, Romney's chief strategist, saw Clint Eastwood on live television at the Republican National Convention speaking off-script to an imaginary Obama in an empty chair, “he walked out of the room and threw up.”
Bill Clinton's speech at the Democratic conventiongets deservedly heroic treatment. By any measure, his 50-minute defense of Obama's economic record earns him a place alongside FDR and JFK in the annals of presidential political oratory. Spellbinding and politically crafty, the address exacted a high emotional cost from its author, according to Clinton buddy Terry McAuliffe. “He was obsessed,” McAuliffe said. “He knew how important this was.” The subtext, of course, is that Clinton does not really like Obama, but there is always the health of the party and Hillary's future to consider.
This stands as an election in which only one side understood that the message and the messenger have to adjust to the world as it is, what Balz calls the “New America.” The lesson was wasted on Romney, who as of January could still “believe the American people would line up with the Republican Party on the major issues of the day.” That explains his takeaway from the election night returns: “Well, now, what's the country going to do?” he said to aides. “This is scary. This is a bad thing for the country.”
It's pleasant to read a calmer recounting of the dramatic moments of 2012: Bain Capital, the 47 percent, Clinton's speech. Romney has said he would add Hurricane Sandy to his list of afflictions. But the overriding lesson for future candidates lies in Obama's computer-driven voter-mobilization machine. His Chicago-based ground operation combined digital weaponry and an army of foot soldiers. This book explains how the Obama technical model will be standard operating procedure for both sides in 2016 — and how in 2012, the Romney team never knew what hit it.
Howell Raines, a former executive editor of the New York Times, is working on a novel set during the Civil War.
North Koreans have been asked to stockpile human waste to help the country's agricultural sector, according to the Mirror.
North Koreans have been asked to stockpile human waste to help the country's agricultural sector, according to the Mirror.
The Mirror reported tales of survivors of the the nation's brutal regime who said leader Kim Jong-Un and other authorities were demanding human feces to help farms in the country to continue delivering crops.
North Korea used to rely on neighbour South Korea for fertiliser but in 2010 South imposed an embargo after the North sank one of its ships. South Korea sent some supplies last year but relations are deteriorating once again.
According to The Star, Yeonmi Park, who escaped from North Korea in 2007, wrote of her experience of how families were forced to collect animal and human faeces to make up the shortfall.
“The government came up with a campaign to fill the fertiliser gap with a local and renewable source: Human and animal waste. Every worker and every school had a quota to fill. You can imagine what kind of problems this created for our families.”
“Every member of the household had a daily assignment, so when we got up in the morning, it was like a war. My aunts were the most competitive,” Yeonmi Park said.
Canada's National Post reported that shops even began selling it in 2010. In her memoir, In Order To Live, Yeonmi Park says: “Our bathrooms were far away from the house, so you had to be careful the neighbours didn't steal from you at night. Some would lock up their outhouses. At school the teachers would send us out into the streets to find poop and carry it back to class.”
The Internet offers some helpful infographic hints -- but with an edge.
Upworthy
On Tuesday, the Romney campaign tried, and failed, to create a Venn diagram. An infographic they distributed attacked President Obama's handling of health insurance, arguing that rising premiums showed he was hurting the middle class. As it happens, the message was misleading, for reasons explained by Washington Post Fact Checker Glenn Kessler in April. But it also wasn't really a Venn diagram. You see -- for those of you who were out that day in third grade -- a Venn diagram has two separate ideas with the overlap in the middle. Romney's chart just had a promise on one side, a reality on the other, and in the middle, the difference.
But while most of the Internet settled into its normal mode of mockery, Upworthy decided to be helpful, showing the Romney staff how a Venn diagram works. They weren't so kind in choice of source material -- they used policy stands on which Romney has, to use Barack Obama's term, evolved. They cited each of the flips, and you can see the citations here. (To be fair, Obama has had his own share of flips on some of these issues -- Drew Cline pointed out his change of heart on the individual mandate in this space last week.) Got it now, guys?
Going minimalist. Many Americans are. We look at the art of living with less.
Johsua Fields Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus are the Minimalists. (Adam Dressler / The Minimalists)
In this mid-winter, half the country's been locked in a deep freeze lately while the other half, on the West Coast, has gone to the beach, the pool. But everybody seems to be thinking about stuff. Too much stuff. Crowding, weighing down, blocking the view of possibilities. My guests today call themselves the Minimalists. Cut back, pare down, they say, and odds are you will get closer to happiness. To freedom. This hour On Point: Clearing away the clutter of our lives with the Minimalists.
-- Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Joshua Fields Millburn, minimalist. Co-author, with Ryan Nicodemus, of "Essential: Essays by the Minimalists," "Everything That Remains" and "Minimalism." He blogs at TheMinimalists.com. (@JFM)
Ryan Nicodemus, minimalist. Co-author, with Joshua Fields Millburn, of "Essential: Essays by the Minimalists," "Everything That Remains" and "Minimalism." He blogs at TheMinimalists.com. (@ryannicodemus)
From Tom's Reading List
Slate: A New Memoir About What Happens When You Get Rid of All Your Stuff -- "Whether our homes are strewn with wall-to-wall junk or we have a color-coded and alphabetized methodology to camouflage our mess, we're still not dealing with the real problem. No matter how organized we are, we must continue to care for the stuff we organize, sorting and cleaning our meticulously structured belongings. When we get rid of the superabundance of stuff, however, we can make room for life's more important aspects."
The Atlantic: Living With Less -- "Americans tend to have a lot of stuff—closets full of shoes, garages cluttered with gear, basements stacked with boxes of who knows what. But for about as long as Americans have been stocking up on the latest gadgets and styles, there's also been a vocal band of dissenters, arguing for the merits of a simpler, less materialist life."
TIME: Minimalist Living: When a Lot Less Is More — "Millburn, Nicodemus and a growing number of similarly minded purgers around the U.S. have forgone non-necessities in exchange for a much simpler existence in the last few years. Minimalists like to say that they're living more meaningfully, more deliberately, that getting rid of most material possessions in their lives allows them to focus on what's important: friends, hobbies, travel, experiences.
Chickpea and Kale Sandwich Spread or Salad
Chickpeas and kale are a tasty team, and this combination makes a great spread for bread, a filling for pita bread or a wrap (along with some tender lettuce and sliced tomatoes), or layered scoop of it on a sturdy flatbread and served open-faced. For a nice warm weather meal, this is great served with any sort of potato salad and a simple fruit medley. This makes about 2 to 2 1/2 cups. Recipe from Plant Power: Transform Your Kitchen, Plate, and Life with More Than 150 Fresh and Flavorful Vegan Recipes by Nava Atlas. ©2014, published by HarperOne, reprinted by permission. Photos by Hannah Kaminsky.
5.0 from 2 reviews Save Print Chickpea and Kale Sandwich Spread or Salad Author: VegKitchen Recipe type: Sandwich spread Cuisine: Vegan / healthy Prep time: 15 mins Total time: 15 mins Serves: 4 to 6 Chickpeas and kale are a tasty team, and this combination makes a great spread for bread, a filling for pita bread or a wrap, or layered scoop of it on a sturdy flatbread and served open-faced. Ingredients 2 medium kale leaves (any variety), rinsed well
1 medium carrot, peeled and cut into chunks
2 cups cooked or one 15- to 16-ounce can (drained and rinsed) chickpeas
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast (optional, but highly recommended)
⅓ cup vegan mayonnaise
2 teaspoons yellow mustard
¼ cup fresh parsley leaves or 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh dill leaves
1 to 2 scallions, green parts only, cut into large pieces, optional
1 to 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed or bottled lemon juice, to taste
½ teaspoon curry powder, or more to taste
½ teaspoon ground cumin, or more to taste
Freshly ground pepper to taste
Fresh green sprouts, optional Instructions Combine the kale and carrot in a food processor; pulse until finely chopped. Add the remaining ingredients and pulse until the chickpeas are evenly chopped and everything is nicely blended—don't over-process; leave the mixture a bit chunky. Transfer to a serving container and serve at once, or cover and refrigerate until needed. 3.3.3077
Use a good handful of baby spinach or arugula in place of the kale.
Nutrition information (per 1/2 cup serving)
Calories: 220; Total fat: 7g; Protein: 13g; Carbohydrates: 29g; Fiber: 9g; Sodium: 208mg
Written by Ryan Lipton Photo via Orlando Ramirez-USA TODAY Sports
With NFL free agency nearly over and the NFL draft squarely in the rear-view mirror for the Oakland Raiders, the time to look forward is now.
Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie has done a commendable job at stockpiling talent at key positions while not overplaying his hand this offseason, but the team still has some vital questions to answer this season.
Here are the four biggest causes for concern heading into 2017 for Oakland.
No. 4, No help in the middle of the defense
McKenzie didn't do a lot this offseason to address the team's concern at inside linebacker, only signing former Miami Dolphins inside linebacker Jelani Jenkins and drafting Marquel Lee in the fifth round.
This is somewhat confusing after McKenzie allowed team leader in tackles Malcolm Smith to walk in free agency and has still not entertained re-signing Perry Riley at the time of publication despite his posting a top-20 season at his position in 2016.
Unfortunately, Jenkins posted the worst Pro Football Focus grade of all qualifying linebackers in the NFL last year (31.3), and Lee is expected to struggle in coverage as he's known as a downhill linebacker primarily.
McKenzie also cut the team's healthiest and most productive defensive tackle last season in Dan Williams, leaving yet another cavernous void to fill in the center of the team's defense. The move was made to make salary cap room for Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, but the replacements McKenzie have brought in again are suspect.
After leaping much higher than they had to in order to draft a fifth-round prospect in Raiders rookie defensive tackle Eddie Vanderdoes, McKenzie did snare a good value selection in the seventh round in DT Treyvon Hester.
However, relying on two rookies and the services of players such as Raiders defensive tackles Darius Latham and Justin Ellis (each of whom struggled mightily last season) seems risky at best.
When that fact is partnered with the massive question marks at middle linebacker, Oakland may find themselves in quite the conundrum up the middle of their defense in 2017.
(next page below)
Ryan is currently a student at the University of North Carolina. He grew up in the Bay Area and has had Raiders season tickets his entire life fostering his love for the NFL. He has founded his own sports website, thejrreport.com and works at the Sports Desk for the Daily Tar Heel. You can follow Ryan on Twitter @rytime98 if you want to discuss anything sports. http://thejrreport.com
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
There's now a minor media buzz about John Kasich, the Ohio governor who is now in clear second in New Hampshire—and rising. If he manages to vault even more clearly over Bush, Christie, and Rubio there, he'll garner lots of national attention. Having attended two of his events, I could see him thriving under a greater spotlight. He's smart, optimistic, has a compelling personal story, was a very successful governor of a swing state, has an attractive family (wife and two teenage daughters, traveling with him this week in the campaign). A good sense of Kasich's appeal as a retail politician can be gleaned from the first few minutes of the video here.
Most of his town halls are devoted to domestic issues: taxes, health care, job creation, tuition, the rise in opioid addiction. Kasich is pretty skilled at conveying a calm “we can do this” attitude towards such issues, and displays a nuanced understanding of them. Washington Post columnist E.J. Dionne remarked that the people at Kasich events aren't angry (in contrast to you-know-who, though the people there aren't all angry either, they are also hopeful and enthusiastic).
On foreign policy, Kasich seems understated but fairly hawkish: in two events I've heard him say Assad is a butcher who must be overthrown, and that he would arm the Ukrainians to resist Putin. I don't know how fervently he believes this—he certainly isn't making it a campaign feature. He's domestically focused.
But in Lebanon last night, Kasich said something very interesting. Asked near the end of the event (and at the end of a very long day) whom from history he considers a good secretary of state, he answered Jim Baker. He added that he met Baker when he was first in Congress and told the secretary that when he made a threat, it looked like he would follow through.
Naturally I wondered whether Kasich was really up to date on the symbolic meaning of Jim Baker's name in Republican foreign policy circles. Baker, who held up loans to Israel that were being used for West Bank settlement expansion, who doubted whether the Israelis were interested in a compromise peace. Baker, the demon figure of the neoconservative imagination, the figure who represented what was most wrong with the presidency of George H.W. Bush. Baker, who for the GOP's remaining realists, was the symbol—along with Colin Powell and Brent Scowcroft—of how a Republican president could be practical and tough-minded in defense of American interests without inflaming the world with futile military interventions. Baker, who was invited to speak at J Street, the Jewish activist group most interested in forging a durable Israeli-Palestinian peace. Baker, whose mere appearance on Jeb Bush's foreign-policy advisory panel reportedly incited a Sheldon Adelson temper tantrum.
Or was he just a candidate at the end of a long day giving a shout out to a secretary of state he knew personally?
I tweeted about the incident, and a few of my tiny number of Twitter followers responded. Then came a retweet from John Weaver, a senior Kasich strategist. That doesn't necessarily mean much—as the refrain goes, “retweets are not endorsements”—but it might somehow mean that the Baker remark was not entirely inadvertent. There is a lane to run in, there has to be, for a non-Sheldon Adelson-approved GOP candidate.
Scott McConnell, a founding editor of The American Conservative, reports on the 2016 campaign from New Hampshire.
Follow @ScottMcConnell9
Image caption Is sad so bad?
Cases of depression have grown around the world. But while awareness of the illness has helped lift the stigma it once attracted, have we lost touch with the importance of just feeling sad, asks Mary Kenny.
Looking back on my own reasonably serene childhood in Ireland during the 1950s, I recall quiet murmurs about people who suffered from "nerves".
I remember hearing that a neighbour - a well-to-do woman whose larger house and smart appearance was rather envied in the community - had had a "nervous breakdown".
Although when I repeated this to my aunt and uncle, with whom I was living, I was hushed up with a peremptory word of censure. There was, clearly, something slightly shameful about a "nervous breakdown" and one didn't speak about it.
I can see now, though I did not see then, that these were hidden incidents of depression among family and neighbours. But the stigma over depression, or even mental illness of any kind, must have added to their anguish.
How times have changed. It is an accepted truth, in our time, that depression is an illness with a global reach.
We are losing old rituals which human beings have practised for eons Mary Kenny
It seems that depression in various guises - whether chronic, uni-polar, bi-polar, clinical, recurrent, major or minor - accounts for a greater burden of disease, world-wide, than war, cancer and AIDS all put together.
This new openness is a good thing. Yet in the process, are we losing something?
Take the word, "trauma," which is now frequently and commonly invoked in conversation today. A person who has suffered a bereavement is said to be "in trauma".
A person who has been subjected to shock is said to be "traumatised". The break-up of relationships - a sad human experience which brings us a sense of loss, and hurts our need for attachment - is, similarly, described as "a traumatic experience".
In his excellent autobiographical study of depression which he so adroitly called Malignant Sadness, Professor Lewis Wolpert employs the concept of "trauma" to describe, for example, bereavement.
Death - part of life
"Trauma" comes from the Greek word for a "wound", and in a medical sense, it is what happens to the body when a wound delivers a shock.
Find out more Mary Kenny's Medicalising Melancholy is on BBC Radio 4 on Wednesday 29 Sept at 2045 BST Or listen to it later on the iPlayer Headroom: Emotional health
But bereavement, of which I have much sorrowful experience is, alas, part of the natural course of life's sad events.
As Shakespeare observes, with Hamlet, his father lost a father, and that father lost a father before him, and so on, ad infinitum, through the hinterland of human history.
Grief is desperately upsetting: it hurts you for ages, and the loss of someone you love is emotionally painful, and can be enduringly so. But why not call it by its proper name: bereavement: grief: loss?
One reason may be that we are losing old rituals which human beings have practised for eons.
When I was a young woman in France in the 1960s, you would come across a shop with its blinds drawn, and a notice saying: "Ferme pour deuil": closed for mourning.
Image caption Virginia Woolf endured a condition of fatigue, loss of motivation and energy
It is still seen in France, and is also a usual response in Italy. Mourning symbols were widespread in all cultures - widows' weeds, black armbands - and the community was expected to respect those who mourn.
Outward signs of mourning have declined, if not been abolished in more secular societies now: but our sense of sadness and loss endure, and instead of this being called mourning, it is called "trauma".
It might be a start to revive or recapture some of the wider, non-medical vocabulary for the gamut of human experience.
Depression may also be melancholy: it may be discouragement, disappointment, abandonment, sadness, sorrow, mourning, rejection, regret, anxiety, grief, obsession, introspection, loss, separation, loneliness, isolation, alienation, guilt, loss of hope, temperamental woe and simple, pure, unhappiness.
It can be forms of low mood now out of date. The Edwardians were very keen on a condition known as "neurasthenia"; Virginia Woolf was diagnosed with it.
It was also known as "nervous debility", or, in its milder form, being hyper-sensitive and thin-skinned.
Yearning for the past
"Anomie" was another condition once favoured in the 19th Century by the sociologist Emile Durkheim, and from a sociologist, a sociological condition. Anomie was defined as an isolated mood caused by the breakdown of social norms, sense of purpose and rules of conduct.
There are romantic-sounding forms of melancholy: the German idea of weltschmerz - a yearning sense of 'world-sorrow'
There was also a spiritual form of depression called "accidie" much brooded on by some of the saints - this was "dryness of the soul". The writer Malcolm Muggeridge also complained of suffering from it at times.
There are even, I think, some romantic-sounding forms of melancholy: the German idea of weltschmerz - a yearning sense of "world-sorrow" and unfocused sadness for humanity: or the French nostalgie du passé, that bittersweet Proustian condition of longing for the past, with a rueful sense of regret for missed chances and lost opportunities.
I also rather like mal du pays - the exile's yearning for the country of childhood, and it comes to me in flashes, both in the spring and autumn, when I think of Irish country lanes, and the smell of fields of mown hay. Ah, bonjour tristesse!
No doubt we are better off for shedding much of the stigma surrounding mental illness - but with it, have we lost some of the variety, the dark poetry of the human condition?
Mary Kenny is an author, journalist and public speaker
How Jon Favreau Feels About Acting In Spider-Man: Homecoming By Conner Schwerdtfeger Random Article Blend Although it's going to take the Marvel Cinematic Universe in an entirely new direction when it hits theaters in 2017, Spider-Man: Homecoming will feature a serious blast from the past in the form of Jon Favreau's Happy Hogan. As the man who pretty much started the MCU, Favreau has seen quite an evolution in this silver screen world over the last few years. With that in mind, how does he feel about acting in someone else's Marvel movie? It turns out that he's quite fond of the lack of responsibility. The Iron Man director explained: It's fun to come back as an actor. Especially when the filmmakers are taking care of you, and taking care of the characters and the story. If you're in good hands, it's great to come in and play in somebody else's world. That's how I started, as an actor. I really enjoy being on other people's sets, especially if I have cool things to do. It's all the fun and much less of the responsibility. Jon Favreau recently spoke to Yahoo Movies about his return to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and described the ease with which he can slip back into the role of Happy Hogan. He started his Hollywood career as an actor before becoming a filmmaker, and as such the very act of performing comes naturally to him -- particularly when working under a skilled director. While some filmmakers may potentially find it difficult to take direction from another director, Favreau has absolutely no issues with it. It just makes his life easier in the long run if the director knows what he or she is doing. Seeing the evolution of Happy Hogan on the silver screen has been a treat over the course of the last nine years, and much of that has to do with the humor that Jon Favreau always brought to the role. Directing himself alongside Robert Downey Jr. in the first two Iron Man films, he established a very strong on-screen chemistry with the Iron Avenger early on. He would reprise the role of Happy Hogan in Shane Black's Iron Man 3 in 2013, but he spent much of the film bedridden after suffering severe injuries at the hands of Aldrich Killian's Extremis thugs. With Happy now fully recovered and set to return to the MCU in Jon Watts' Spider-Man: Homecoming, we can only assume that Favreau will bring his trademark comedic sensibilities to the Wall Crawler's corner of the MCU. After all, somebody has to look out for Iron Man and Spider-Man. CinemaBlend will keep you up to date with all of the latest and greatest MCU news as more information becomes available to us. Make sure to catch Jon Favreau's Happy Hogan alongside Tony Stark and Peter Parker when Spider-Man: Homecoming swings its way into theaters on July 7, 2017. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/pbS3
— A bill filed in the state Senate Tuesday would carry a tax penalty for parents whose children register to vote at their college address.
Senate Bill 667, known as "Equalize Voter Rights," would remove the tax exemption for dependents who register to vote at any address other than their parents' home.
"If the voter is a dependent of the voter's parent or legal guardian, is 18 years of age or older and the voter has registered at an address other than that of the parent or legal guardian, the parent or legal guardian will not be allowed to claim the voter as a dependent for state income tax purposes," the bill says.
The measure would affect only state income tax, so it wouldn't have much effect on out-of-state students. But it could effectively cut student voting in counties like Watauga and Orange, where college voters have been a key part of the Democratic Party's dominance.
The bill would also require voters to have their vehicles registered at the same address as their voter registration. That also could cut down on college student registration, since many students maintain their vehicle registration in their home counties.
Sponsor Bill Cook, R-Beaufort, didn't immediately respond to inquiries about the intent of the legislation.
House Minority Leader Larry Hall said the bill "would raise taxes on middle-class families who are trying to put their children through college.”
“I refuse to believe the Republican leadership has become so desperate to limit voting for partisan gain that they would be willing to support tax increases to achieve that goal," said Hall, D-Durham. "It is the definition of arrogance to penalize parents with new taxes just because their children want to exercise their right to vote in the community they live in.”
Four other Republican senators have signed on as co-sponsors, including a member of the Senate leadership – budget chairman Sen. Neal Hunt, R-Wake.
The same provisions on student voting have also been rolled into a larger omnibus bill, Senate Bill 666, which would also shorten early voting days, ban early voting on evenings and weekends and prohibit same-day registration.
That bill is also sponsored by Cook and is similar to House Bill 451, which was filed last week by House Majority Leader Edgar Starnes.
UPDATE: In an emailed statement this afternoon, Cook defended S666 and S667, saying their reforms "will be appreciated by citizens in this state who view voting as a sacred civic duty."
"In these tough economic times, we need to be proactive in finding ways to save money. One day of early voting in North Carolina costs $98,000. Our counties bear this cost exclusively. Cutting back early voting from seventeen to ten days does this by saving roughly $686,000 per election. This money would be better used to hire teachers and first responders," Cook said.
"We are simply equalizing the playing field for all voters in our state," the statement said.
Jay DeLancy of the NC Voter Integrity Project also voiced support for the student voting restrictions, citing a case in which college students in Buncombe County changed the outcome of a race for a county commission seat in 2012.
"That race showed how easily college students can be manipulated like pawns," DeLancy said in a press release. "These bills will protect students from such abuse."
Image: Flickr, Between a Rock Prepare for a case of job-title envy. Engineer Andy Stanford-Clark works on the kind of projects that usually appear first in advertisements that anecdotally demonstrate a company's forward thinking. He is a "Master Inventor" for IBM. But IBM is not tooting its own horn: news of Andy's recent project is picking up speed in media and the blogosphere after being highlighted by BBC
One of Andy's current projects aims to demonstrate the feasibility and advantages of an automated house. And it is no modern pre-fab structure: Andy works on his own thatched cottage on the Isle of Wight, much like the one pictured above. Caution, may be addictive: You can follow Andy's house on Twitter to receive tweets like those excerpted below:
Image: Twitter, GreenAnswer's Account
The advantages of an automated home are many. Access to real time monitoring and data mining promote more efficient living. Phantom power losses can be minimized simply by watching the power baseline and reducing any contributions to that base of wasted power. Actual power and water use for different activities can be seen -- and what gets measured, gets action. With a little data mining, your entire environmental footprint can be seen.
Your house can also tweet you in case a water line breaks, the dog wants in, or even if a houseplant needs watering. Request to follow the Andy_House on Twitter, and you can see the messages the automated house sends out.
Do It Yourself the AndySC Way
If you really want a look into the mind of Andy Stanford-Clark, so you can D-I-Y your own home, Automated Home has a video of a conference talk he gave. AndySC discusses the complications, such as developing an automated way to label graphical representations of the information feed from the smart house. He also addresses the need for security of the information: one can data mine the water and energy use to see which days the owner gets up, has a shower then a cup of coffee, and is gone for the day. Mind you, he notes, the homeowner is probably on vacation twittering "having a great time here!" so the thieves need not go so far as to analyze the house's data!
How far can you take your automation? AndySC notes that it is "incrementally easy" to add more functions. In fact, you might have seen the clip on ABC news showing the Twitter message when a mouse is caught in the trap. It doesn't stop there. Andy reports that his son, concerned that a mouse might get the cheese without triggering the trap, worked out a method to get tweeted in case the cheese is stolen. The method relies on the resistivity between two electrodes inserted into the cheese. An unintended benefit: you can plot the drying curve of the cheese, so you know when to replace a hardened chunk if you still hope to lure a mouse. On behalf of PETA, we will say it here: Andy, get a live-catch trap!
More on Smart Homes:
Nokia Entering Smart Home Scene with Mobile Phone Project
Smart Grid Coming, But Are Smart Homes?
Ecobee Smart Thermostat Lets You Dip Your Toes into Smart Home Integration
Michelle Kaufmann Prefab On Exhibit In Chicago
Three months ago, we published a link to the West Seattle Transportation Coalition‘s survey about parking – whether you use it, where you use it, do you park on the street even if you have offstreet parking available where you live, and a variety of other questions. WSTC has finally crunched the numbers and published the results, from more than 900 responses. See them here. Among many points of interest, the WSTC reports, “7% of renters [said they] have no cars, compared to 2.6% of homeowners,” and a nearly identical percentage of respondents in both categories said they kept their primary vehicle in offstreet parking – 76 percent owners, 74 percent renters. 76 percent of the respondents, meantime, said they live within 10 minutes of a bus stop, though various other responses suggest that proximity alone isn't enough to make them full-time bus riders.
Just before the calendar flipped, the Chicago Bears parted ways with Lovie Smith after nine seasons as the head coach. One more name has surfaced as a candidate to be the next leader of the Bears with Jason La Canfora reporting the Bears have received permission to interview Seattle Seahawks offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell.
Bevell is a familiar face for the Bears but on the opposite sideline. The second-year offensive coordinator for the Seahawks spent five years in the same position for the Minnesota Vikings and six seasons as a quarterbacks coach and assistant with the Green Bay Packers.
Bevell has developed the Seahawks offense with rookie sensation Russell Wilson under center. He pushes the number of reported coaching candidates for the Bears to half a dozen, most notably Broncos offensive coordinator Mike McCoy and Colts offensive coordinator Bruce Arians.
Smith's near decade long tenure with the Bears included three playoff appearances and one NFC Championship.
Sarah Wasko / Media Matters
CBS' 60 Minutes conducted a wide-ranging, highly anticipated interview with Steve Bannon, the former White House chief strategist and current Breitbart.com chief executive. But host Charlie Rose never mentioned Bannon's patrons, the hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer and his daughter, Rebekah. It is their support for Bannon that makes him a power broker from outside the Trump administration -- and their history with the Breitbart chief has been littered with conflicts of interest, self-dealing, and corruption.
Bannon has served as the Mercers' political adviser for years, according to The Washington Post, where he assessed “the impact of think tanks, policy groups and super PACs they were considering financing.” It was Rebekah Mercer who reportedly “pushed” then-candidate Donald Trump to hire Bannon on his campaign. When he clashed with other Trump aides in April, she reportedly urged him to stay in the White House. When his time was finally up, Bannon reportedly met with Robert Mercer as he was planning his post-administration strategy.
As their political adviser, Bannon has repeatedly convinced the Mercers to invest in businesses and nonprofit organizations under his control. The Mercers are partial owners of Breitbart.com, and their foundation serves as the primary funder of the Government Accountability Institute (GAI), a conservative research group where Bannon previously served as chairman.
Bannon also co-founded the Mercers' company Glittering Steel, which, the Daily Beast reported, “was little more than ‘a front for Bannon.'”
This collaboration created numerous conflicts of interest. An April Media Matters review concluded:
Breitbart regularly promotes the research and films generated by its owners' and top editors' other projects. In hundreds of articles over the past six years, Breitbart's reporters have produced what amounts to press release copy for GAI, highlighting its findings, aggregating stories about politicians responding to GAI's reports, and posting videos of GAI leaders -- who are also Breitbart editors -- discussing their work on television. The conflicts of interest don't stop with GAI. Bannon and the Mercers also co-founded and own the film production company Glittering Steel; Breitbart's editorial resources have been used to promote that firm's documentaries.
Later that month, the credentialing committee for congressional reporters rejected Breitbart's bid for permanent press credentials because of those conflicts.
Bannon also previously served as vice president of the board and part owner of Cambridge Analytica, a data analytics firm primarily owned by Robert Mercer that worked for the Trump campaign. In May, Time reported that congressional investigators looking into Russia's role in the 2016 election were looking into the firm's work.
The messy web between Bannon and the Mercer family is far from something of the past. As Politico reported (albeit, after the 60 Minutes interview was complete), Bannon is partnering with the Mercers to “pour millions of dollars into attacks on GOP incumbents,” including Sens. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Dean Heller (R-NV).
Now that he's no longer a member of the Trump White House, Bannon's access to the Mercer billions is what makes him a potent political figure. And yet, given a rare opportunity to speak with Bannon on camera, 60 Minutes never mentioned them.
MEDIA RELEASE
Kona Brewing Company's Oceanic Organic Saison, Hawaii's first and only certified organic beer, will make its bottle debut at 5 p.m. Wednesday, April 14 at the Kailua-Kona pub.
Guests can sample the organic beer, purchase bottles for the first time, meet the brewers who crafted the beer and local artist Brendan Dunn, who painted the beer's eye-catching label. Brewers and the artist will be on hand to sign commemorative bottles and discuss their passions for their work.
Kona Brewing Company received certification to brew the organic beer from Hawaii Organic Farmers Association late last year. Guests to Kona Brewing Company's pubs have been enjoying the brew for several months. Beginning April 14, the beer will be available in 22-ounce bottles for a limited time, while supplies last.
Oceanic Organic Saison is a Belgian style ale that was brewed with all organic malt, fermented with a custom blend of Belgian yeast strains and spiced with an abundance of organic hops, organic coriander and grains of paradise.
The straw-colored unfiltered beer has a crisp, dry, quenching flavor and distinctive spicy aroma with notes of lemon peel, clove, white pepper, coriander and fresh hops complemented by pleasant cellar-like notes. The complex aroma is balanced by rustic hop flavor.
“Oceanic Organic Saison has become one of our most popular pub beers,” said Vice President of Brewery Operations Rich Tucciarone. “It is our most expensive beer to produce, our ‘top shelf' brew, and while it is challenging to acquire the organic ingredients, it is worth it to create such a unique beer. Beyond the taste, our fans – and the brewers – really love the fact that it's organic!”
Local artist Brendan Dunn painted the label art for Oceanic Organic Saison. The Hawaiian fish hook, or “makau,” symbolizes power, prosperity and good fortune. Dunn spends his time in Kona and on Lummi Island, Wash., painting images that inspire him. He is the artist in residence at Four Seasons Resort Hualalai.
“Although I enjoy painting everything from portraits to telephone poles, I'm currently focused on painting images of Hawaii and Washington,” Dunn said. “When painting, I look for parts of the world that are magical, mysterious, meaningful, or just plain interesting. I strive to capture the unique attribute of a subject that makes it special, whether it is the way light falls on a flower's petal, the vibrant green-blue of the water next to a seaside cliff, or the deep wrinkles around an old fisherman's eyes. In doing so, I hope to prompt a viewer to slow down a bit and absorb something about the world.”
Dunn will be exhibiting a collection of his paintings at the party, and he will donate a percentage of his painting sales to the Donkey Mill Art Center. Kona Brewing Company has created T-shirts that feature the Oceanic Organic Saison artwork, and they also will be for sale.
For more information call 808-334-BREW or visit www.KonaBrewingCo.com
To see more work by Dunn, visit www.brendancoreydunn.blogspot….
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Email
More
Pocket
Pakistan could benefit from Chabahar port: PM adviser
Islamabad, May 26, IRNA – Adviser to Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs, Sartaj Aziz commenting on a recent transit agreement between Iran, India, and Afghanistan said regional cooperation is a desirable idea and Pakistan could also benefit from Chabahar port.
Replying to a question of IRNA at press conference here on Thursday, he said Chabahar is an alternative port in the region which people can use for better trade.
Pointing to some trade and transit development projects in the region including Chabahar port, Gwadar port and China Pakistan Economic Corridor, the adviser said that all projects are beneficial for the whole region.
He added that Pakistan is building a road between Chabahar and Gwadar which would help in improving connectivity between the two ports.
“I don't see any conflict in these projects and I hope that our efforts to provide better facilities for traders in Afghanistan and traders in Iran continue to be further strengthened and this will enable trade between both the countries to expand,” he said.
To another question he said there is a proposal to make Chabahar and Gwadar as sister ports. He went on to say that Pakistan is itself developing its own cooperation with Iran on border trade and is also doing transit trade with Afghanistan by upgrading Torkham and Chaman crossing points so that all the traders could have better facilities.
“These routes are complimentary to each other so I don't think there is something to worry about. Regional cooperation as a whole is a desirable idea,” he said.
By IRNA
Santa is a binary whitelisting/blacklisting system made by Google Macintosh Operations Team. While I refer to it as Google's Santa it is not an official Google product. It is based on a kernel extension and userland components to control the execution of binaries in OS X systems.
It features two interesting modes of execution, monitor and lockdown. The monitor mode is a blacklisting system, where all binaries except those blacklisted can run. The lockdown mode is a whitelisting system, where only the whitelisted binaries can run and everything else will be blocked. This is the mode we want to attack and bypass since it's the most interesting one from an attacker's perspective.
The system works by having the kernel extension to notify the userland daemon about every new process that is executed in the system. The kernel extension retrieves this information using the Kernel Authorization (kauth) feature available since OS X 10.4. Essentially a callback is installed and the Santa driver will be notified every time a process is executed. This means that exec() and variants will result in a notification to the driver that will then decide to send the event to userland or not.
The userland component has an associated database that can whitelist or blacklist binaries based on path, certificate, and hashes (I think I'm not wrong on this). The code signature feature is interesting because it allows you to whitelist or blacklist an entire publisher. For example a company could easily restrict all the software that is allowed to run in their systems based on their code signing certificate. By default the lockdown mode install will whitelist Apple's and Google's certificates, else the system would enter a deadlock. Assuming we are not tampering with Santa's binaries and attacking its implementation (if we can run kernel exploit code we can easily disable it) can we bypass the lockdown mode if we want to run our code that is not allowed to run?
Yes we can, and it's very easy to do it.
What Santa essentially controls and restricts is exec and variants. But that's not the only possible way to run arbitrary code. There is the obvious way of exploiting something and running our shellcode/ROP payload, and there are also dynamic libraries. Because Santa only controls exec we can run whatever code we want via a dynamic library injected using DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES without tampering with any Santa binary. We can go further and instead of putting all our code inside a dynamic library we can use it to run regular binaries that are not authorized to in lockdown mode.
We simply need to piggyback on any Apple signed binary (remember the system deadlock problem) with DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES to inject our library. For example any command line utility such as /bin/ls will do the job.
How can we execute other binaries using an injected dynamic library? That's quite easy using some obscure and deprecated dyld functions. For example NSCreateObjectFileImageFromMemory and NSLinkModule allow us to load an arbitrary executable into memory and execute it (please refer to Mac Hackers Handbook Chapter 9 and MemoryBasedBundle example by Apple).
The workflow is very simple. We inject our library into a whitelisted binary, load the unauthorized binary with those two dyld functions, and start it by calling its entrypoint (main) function. Because this doesn't trigger a second exec we just bypass Santa controls. The original process will continue execution in the unauthorized binary and that's it.
The sample code uses the deprecated APIs, which can be removed anytime (although they have been marked deprecated for quite a few OS X major versions). There's really no need to use those APIs because we can do all their work ourselves. Most of the work is related to linking, so we could implement ourselves a simplified linker or reimplement those functions and have dyld do all the dirty work for ourselves. As long we are able to inject a dynamic library we are able to bypass Santa. The DLL hijacking issue recently presented by Patrick Wardle could be used to plant the library and then execute any APT material.
The easiest way to fix this is to remove the possibility of library injection via DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES. The next post contains a kernel extension that implements this by injecting a __RESTRICT segment into certain binaries we want to restrict injection. The real problem is that DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES feature should not exist by default and should be instead a system setting disabled by default. Stefan's SyScan presentation is a good read regarding the problems of default features and unfixed stuff in iOS (and OS X).
Proof of concept code:
Hello Santa Bye Santa – https://github.com/gdbinit/hello_santa_bye_santa
Last time I tested this was a month ago or something. Judging by the commits logs I guess the issue isn't fixed so it should still work. This is technically a zero-day. I wanted to present it a SyScan's WhiskeyCon but then decided not to, and now I'm disclosing it because the next post about rootpipe fix requires its disclosure.
Enjoy,
fG!
P.S.:
Defense is hard, in particular when working on a minefield such as OS X.
Update:
This is a very nice blog post talking about white-list systems expectations. This is exactly what's missing from most security products. Right after their features they should discuss their assumptions, shortcomings, and expected scenarios. You know, most of the time the expectations between who builds the product and who uses it are quite far away. Yes, it's probably more wishful thinking than anything else. Commercial products will never do this, they are too afraid of losing customers.
Inspired by the latest events in the United States, Android developer Jason Van Anden decided to make his own contribution to the Occupy Wall Street movement and developed a special application aimed at helping demonstrators.
­As DigitalTrends.com reports, the “I'm Getting Arrested” application for Android-based mobile phones will alert your lawyer, friends or family members as soon as you realize you are being arrested.
The application is said to be very easy to use and works with a single click. A user would only have to prepare an appropriate text message beforehand, as well as select people from their contact list who are supposed to be alerted. As soon as the message is saved, a giant bull's eye appears on the screen. Once it is tapped, the message goes out to all people who you chose to be notified.
“It's a technology that fits well with democracy,” The Brooklyn Paper quoted Van Anden as saying. He also added that although he is not himself an OWS protester, he was glad to be able to contribute something with his “skill set.”
Van Anden also plans to release a version for Apple's iOS devices.
Shocking results from the July 2015 administration of the California bar exam were released on November 20, 2015. Given the disappointing overall pass rate, people have been wondering about the pass rates by law school ever since.
The only information we've had until now has been the overall, frighteningly low pass rate of 46.6 percent. We also knew the overall pass rates for first-time takers who attended ABA-accredited law schools, both in-state (68 percent) and out-of-state (59 percent).
One month has passed, and now we know all of the individual California bar exam pass rates for law schools nationwide. Which law schools (both in-state and out-of-state) did the best on the test, and which schools did the worst?
Congratulations go out to Stanford Law for reclaiming the number-one pass rate for all California law schools. Last year, the prestigious school was knocked out of the top spot by UC Berkeley Law, but this year, a healthy 88.8 percent of Stanford graduates were able to pass the hardest bar exam in the country on the first try. Well done!
How did everyone else do on the test? Here's a chart of the July 2015 bar performances for all 21 ABA-accredited California law schools (gavel bang: TaxProf Blog):
UC Hastings, we need to have a chat. For the second year in a row, your law school's pass rate has been below the state average for first-time test takers. The school's 67.5 percent pass rate places it in good company — schools whose troublesome stats have forced them into the “rank not published” tier of the U.S. News law school rankings. Yikes! We know that UC Hastings just lost Frank Wu as dean, but it looks like his replacement's job will be to find a way to fix the school's year-after-year bar pass problems.
In other news, it looks like Thomas Jefferson School of Law has once again defied the odds. For the second year in a row, the school avoided being dead last when it came to graduates passing its own state's bar exam, as it had been for so many years prior. With a 47.7 percent pass rate, the school placed fourth to last of all ABA-accredited California law schools for the July 2015 bar exam. Polite golf claps are in order for not sucking quite as hard as San Francisco (47.4 percent pass rate), Golden Gate (39.3 percent pass rate), and Whittier (37.7 percent pass rate) did this time around. Excellent work!
Here are some brief notes as to the rest of the pass rates for California's law schools:
Loyola L.A. continues to outperform law schools that are ranked more highly than it is by U.S. News. This is the third year in a row that Loyola graduates have made a killing on the bar exam. Way to go!
Three cheers for Chapman Law! Despite being ranked No. 127 by U.S. News, the school managed to slip into the Top 10 best-performing law schools in the state with a 71.2 percent pass rate.
Kudos are also in order for McGeorge Law. The school's rank may not be published by U.S. News, but its 69.9 percent bar pass rating placed it in the Top 10, above California's state average for first-time takers.
Enough about California's clown car of law schools. Let's chat about out-of-state schools and their pass rates for the July 2015 administration of the California bar exam. Here are the five out-of-state schools with the highest pass rates:
93.3%: Yale (30 test-takers)
92.1%: Virginia (38 test-takers)
89.7%: Chicago (29 test-takers)
88.9%: Pennsylvania (18 test-takers)
86.0%: Harvard (93 test-takers)
Yale made up for last year's performance on the test (a 75.8 percent pass rate with 33 test-takers), and Stanford did better than Harvard. We suppose that settles the issue on which school really ought to be No. 2 in the nation. Our condolences, Harvard.
And now, for the moment you've all been waiting for. Without further ado, here are the out-of-state law schools with the lowest pass rates on the July 2015 California bar exam:
25.0%: Michigan State (8 test-takers), New England (12 test-takers)
14.3%: Charlotte (7 test-takers), Miami (7 test-takers), Vermont (14 test-takers)
12.5%: John Marshall-Chicago (8 test-takers)
7.7%: Phoenix (13 test-takers)
0.0%: Florida Coastal (4 test-takers), Suffolk (10 test-takers), Syracuse (13 test-takers), Thomas Cooley (8 test-takers)
Both Florida Coastal and Cooley found themselves in a four-way tie for a zero percent pass rate. Ouch. Enjoy that schadenfreude while you can, because we're sure both schools will be back next year with absolutely stellar performances.
What are your thoughts on the bar passage rates for California's law schools? Feel free to discuss — to brag about your law school or talk trash — in the comments.
July 2015 California Bar Exam Results [TaxProf Blog]
Earlier: California Bar Exam Results Reveal The Worst Pass Rate In Nearly 30 Years — But It's Not All Bad News
VIRGINIA BEACH – After the fifth annual College Beach Weekend was held at the Oceanfront over the past weekend, City Manager Dave Hansen released a statement on Monday afternoon expressing his disappointment in the behavior of some.
“It was so disheartening to see the amount of destruction on the boardwalk this year, from overturned trash cans to trampled landscaping,” Hansen said.
Hansen said that nearly 40,000 people descended upon the city throughout the weekend, but the actions of a few left destruction in the area.
“The weather was perfect for a weekend,” police chief Jim Cervera said. “There are 1.6 million people living within a 45-minute drive of Virginia Beach.”
“Tourism is a cornerstone of the local economy and we welcome everyone to our city,” Hansen said in the statement. “At the same time, we expect people to respect each other, our property and our laws.”
The event is not hosted or sanctioned by the city Hansen said, and the “incidents of violence, heavy traffic, litter and rude behavior have cast a negative view” over the event.
“First and foremost, colleges, beaches and students coming together happen all over the East Coast,” Deputy City Manager Steve Cover said. “I know that it's an unfortunate event, and it's a shame, in my opinion, that one or two incidents throughout this entire weekend can shed such a negative light on what Virginia Beach is all about.”
In weeks leading up to the weekend, Cervera said police made an effort to reach out to venues hosting events.
“There are no event organizers. Some of the clubs have special nights,” Cervera said. “Once we find out about them on social media, we contact those particular venues.
Cervera said police then have a discussion with those venues about a security safety plan.
Working with the state police, the city's police responded to more than 370 calls for service and 200 traffic stops. Many of the calls, Hansen said, involved “large crowds of people running, screaming and seeking to instigate police officers to engage them.”
“Our officers remained disciplined and monitored the crowds,” Hansen said, “managing
the flow of the pedestrians to open spaces, and taking measured action as required.”
By the end of the weekend, Cervera said there were 16 charges against 10 people, 119 misdemeanor charges and about 40 traffic tickets written at the Oceanfront.
“We recovered weapons off of people, we did break up assaults and wide-scale fights,” Cervera said.
While making arrests on Friday night, two officers were assaulted. Hansen said the of the suspects was charged with assault on a law enforcement officer.
“In these particular cases the individuals decided that they did not want to submit to an arrest when the officers approached them and had to go hands-on, they were assaulted,” Cervera said. “The assaults, fortunately, did not require any hospitalization.”
On Saturday night, two shootings were reported to police. Four people were injured and taken to a local hospital with minor injuries.
Cervera said hundreds of people on 18th Street stampeded westbound, northbound and southbound on Atlantic Avenue.
“We worked from 4 p.m. to 4 a.m. on Friday and Saturday night,” Cervera said. “I can tell you that the vast majority of the young folks who were out were cooperative and respectful to everything police needed to be done.”
Hansen said that public works crews were quickly working to clean up the Oceanfront and should be done by Monday evening.
Over the weekend, an online petition surfaced calling for the city to put a stop to future College Beach Weekend events in the city. On Monday afternoon, the petition had nearly 10,000 signatures.
“It's not falling on deaf ears,” Cervera said. “We understand how some citizens get frustrated.”
Looking ahead to next year, the city can't officially ban the weekend from taking place at the Oceanfront, according to Cover, but there are steps it can take to better prepare.
“What we can do is we can take a look at what transpired this year [and] weigh that against what has happened and occurred in years passed,” Cover said.
“We're an open society, we're a welcoming city, tourism is a large part of what Virginia Beach is about and we want people to come here and visit.”
Image copyright Woon King Chai Image caption 'Uncle David' is known to many in Kuala Lumpur for his hard work selling plushies
It began as just another heartbreaking story on the internet of an elderly, cancer-stricken soft toy seller left despairing after a mystery buyer never showed up to collect a bulk order of toys. This is what happened.
'Uncle David' has a regular spot peddling soft toys
For the last 15 years, a man known affectionately as "Uncle David" has frequented a corner of the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur. He sells trinkets and soft toys daily to make ends meet.
On most days, you will find him outside a bank in the centre of the city.
He was diagnosed with cancer last year, and has now recovered, he says, but kept on plying his trade.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The "Pokémon soft toy uncle" rescued by the internet
Image copyright Woon King Chai Image caption Usually spotted outside a bank in uptown Kuala Lumpur, the elderly man said staff are "very supportive" and do not chase him away
One customer placed a huge order
This week "a man reserved 250 soft toys with me. I told him to please come by and pick them up. I kept the toys but he did not show up," he said.
He was left with more toys than he could sell, having bought them from a wholesaler, a difficult situation for him.
Then one person put out a call on Facebook
"A kind soul saw me and posted what had happened on Facebook."
The post in Chinese, written by blogger Vivian Tok, urged fellow Malaysians to visit the elderly street peddler and support him.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption This was the original Facebook post that went viral
"Those who like playing Pokémon Go, don't waste your time playing the game.
Please help Uncle David, someone ordered 250 Pokémon toys from him but never turned up to collect them. Now poor Uncle David's hard-earned money is stuck with his stock. Please share this post and help him," the post read.
And it worked. People flocked to buy the toys
News of Uncle David's predicament soon made its way across Facebook and went viral, drawing outrage from netizens around the country and the region.
Image copyright Woon King Chai Image caption Thanks to the power of social media, many netizens who read his story turned up to buy Uncle David's toys
"To the irresponsible buyer: If you weren't going to turn up why would you put the poor man through all that and order so many toys," questioned Mylene Kua from Ipoh.
Other Malaysians on Facebook slammed it as a "sick joke".
Many shared the old man's location and encouraged each other to visit him and buy off the unsold toys.
He has not had the easiest of lives
Uncle David's full name is David Christopher and moved to Kuala Lumpur at the age of 50 so that his son, who was then five, could go to a school in the capital.
He sacrificed a high income job managing discos from Kuala Lumpur right up to Sabah, in East Malaysia. So he turned to walking the streets to sell soft toys, which enabled him to spend more time with his son.
"My son [is] still in college and because I married late, he is only 20-years-old. So, he's still furthering his education."
And 'Soft toy uncle' is very grateful
"The response was fantastic. Within two hours, 190 toys were sold and eventually the balance was also sold," said a grateful Uncle David, who added that he was very appreciative of the public support, but would not accept additional payment for his toys.
"If people want to cheat, I can't do anything about it. But I thank social media as it helped to boost my sales and I am thankful for everyone who came down.
He said demand had become so overwhelming, he has had to increase his regular order with wholesalers.
"Whatever it is, I will continue to sell [my toys]," he said.
However, he insists on "honesty" by maintaining his prices.
Reporting by Woon King Chai in Kuala Lumpur and the BBC's Heather Chen in Singapore.
About 400 people on Long Island demonstrated Sunday against what they called police brutality in a rally and die-in, with scores lying on the pavement of Sunrise Highway in Amityville, stopping traffic in both directions on the major artery.
The gesture lasted for 4 1/2 minutes, symbolizing the 4 1/2 hours unarmed black teenager Michael Brown's body was left in the street after he was fatally shot by white police Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson, Missouri.
"We're going to die-in because so many brothers and sisters are dying at the hands of police. Michael Brown was shot six times by Officer Darren Wilson," said Jason Starr, director of the Nassau chapter of the New York Civil Liberties Union, who was at the demonstration.
Police watched from both sides of the highway. They did not interfere and made no arrests.
"So what we're going to do is for four-and-a-half minutes is die-in right here on Sunrise Highway and shut this . . . down," Starr said.
The group repeated "I can't breathe!" for each of the 11 times that phrase was repeated by Eric Garner, the Staten Island man who died after an apparent chokehold was used during a confrontation with white NYPD officers in July. They also chanted in Spanish: "¡No puedo respirar!"
Community organizer Sergio Argueta, 36, of Long Beach, said the group aimed to highlight incidents of police excess on Long Island, too.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
"We don't need to go to Ferguson," he said. "We don't need to go to Staten Island. We are Ferguson. We are Staten Island. We can't breathe."
Some members of the group later joined others to pack Holy Trinity Church in Amityville for a prayer service.
"The question is: When the videotape is not enough, and when the marches are over . . . what are we going to do as a country so we can move forward," Tracey Edwards, Long Island regional director for the NAACP and a Huntington Town council member, said at the church, referring to police actions captured on video -- as was Garner's arrest. "As Long Islanders, we have an opportunity to mark systematic and sustainable changes in our own local communities."
Many in the crowd rose from their seats as local leaders and activists invoked the events of Ferguson and Staten Island.
Assemb. Philip Ramos (D-Brentwood) urged churchgoers to raise their hands and repeat the chant, "I have it in my hands." He uttered that phrase several times, followed by different ending refrains -- "to bring about change" and "to improve our community."
The event was designed to "begin the healing process," said Roderick A. Pearson, president of the Islip NAACP, "to provide a place for healing and, secondly, to organize in a peaceful, prayerful way to express our voice against police brutality and racial profiling" and an opportunity to "look for solutions and reforms in the courts and community policing."
Clinton Morris, 52, an Amityville resident, said protests are "a good thing," but they won't fix the problems faced by minority communities.
"The problem that I have and many others have is, the first thing we need to do is deal with the issues in our own communities, which is the black-on-black crimes, drugs," Morris said. "We need to take care of that first . . . Yes, police officers are killing us, but we are killing ourselves also, and that needs to be focused on."
Leonard Canton, 72, a retired accountant who lives in Amityville said he felt "very proud" to take part in a protest like the ones he participated in during the 1960s, because some of the same racial problems remain.
"The issues are there. They never changed," he said. "They've been disguised in certain ways, but they never changed . . . There were no dogs or hoses, but brutality in any way is brutality."
Earlier, one protester, Wayne Whitfield, 52, of Hempstead, said he has been dealing with police profiling all of his life. When asked if the situation has improved since he was a teenager, he said: "Hell, no. It's worse now, because they just bother you for no reason."
Whitfield, who is African-American, said that a state or federal authority should investigate the officers involved in Garner's death, because he thinks they would offer a more independent review.
"For me, being in a community of color, this is not a new occurrence," said Rashad Mitchell, 28, a community organizer for the Long Island Progressive Coalition. "It's unfortunate that these occurrences are what it takes to galvanize people. But if anything, the last two months have been a tipping point . . . the time is now."
Joerise Tarry, of Long Beach, said when she was younger she remembers police spending more time in minority neighborhoods, and that they would get to know the people who lived there.
"I believe that me . . . [police] should be in communities and listen more," she said. "I'm here today because I would like to see a stop to police violence and gun violence."
With Scott Eidler
The Rio Grande Elevation, off the coast of Brazil. On Tuesday, researchers announced the area might be home to parts of the original continent called Pangaea that existed before the Americas, Africa, Europe and other major land masses drifted apart. The joint team made up of Japanese and Brazilian scientists say they discovered what they believe to be granite along the ocean floor here, a rock usually only found on land. (SOUNDBITE) (Spanish) THE DIRECTOR OF GEOLOGY AND MINERAL RESOURCES AT THE BRAZILIAN GEOLOGICAL SURVEY, DOCTOR ROBERTO VENTURA, SAYING: "When these samples came aboard the ship, the first surprise was, 'what are these rocks doing here?' We did petrographic, geochemical (and) geological studies of this material." Researchers also found iron, manganese and cobalt, minerals that differentiate the area from the surrounding seabed. Scientists hypothesize that the underwater landmass may have comprised an island at one time before sinking. The find was confirmed using this submarine that boasts just enough room to fit three people during dives as deep as 6,500 meters below the ocean's surface.
Despite healthcare reform efforts in recent years aimed at reining in costs, hospitals, doctors and pharmaceutical companies have still found a way to profit on pure waste—packaging drugs so patients and insurers are basically forced to pay for medicine that gets thrown away.
Combined, Medicare and private health insurers spend $1.8 billion on drugs that ultimately get tossed out. And another $1 billion is paid in the form of mark-ups to doctors and hospitals on throw-away drugs, according to a report by a group of cancer researchers published in the BMJ (formerly the British Medical Journal) Tuesday.
Many cancer drugs are administered in doses tailored specifically to the body size of individual patients. Pharmaceutical companies force patients—and the insurance companies that cover them—to pay for unused drugs by packaging the medicine in quantities that don't correspond to the doses typically needed, even though extra amounts of a drug can almost never be put to use since the drugs have to be administered immediately after opening.
“The leftover drug still has to be paid for, even when discarded, making it possible for drug companies to artificially increase the amount of drug they sell per treated patient by increasing the amount in each single dose vial relative to the typical required dose,” study authors report.
For example, a patient may need 150 mg of drug X, which comes packaged only in 100 mg vials. The patient would of course have to open two such packages, and the remaining 50 mg in the second package would have to be discarded after opening. Doctors and hospitals typically add a mark-up onto drugs when they administer them, even for those quantities of a drug that are trashed. Congress sets the mark-up for Federal Medicare patients at 6%, but for private insurers (which cover most Americans) the mark-up tacked on by doctors and hospitals can be much higher—closer to 22% and 142% respectively, say study authors.
“Drug companies are quietly making billions forcing little old ladies to buy enough medicine to treat football players, and regulators have completely missed it,” study co-author Dr. Peter B. Bach told The New York Times. “If we're ever going to start saving money in health care, this is an obvious place to cut.”
The study's authors say ambiguous and at times even contradictory regulations are the ultimate cause of the problem. Instead, they say, regulators could tweak rules by, for instance, requiring drug manufacturers to package drugs in a variety of sizes to reduce the amount of waste. The amount of money spent on wasted drugs could be reduced from $1.8 billion to $400 million.
Story highlights Ryan made the request after Clinton's email use was criticized by the FBI
Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan's attempt to block Hillary Clinton from receiving intelligence briefings once she's formally nominated by Democrats -- given her use of a private email server -- has failed.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told Ryan in a latter obtained Monday by CNN that he "does not intend to withhold briefings from any officially nominated, eligible candidate."
Ryan made the request after Clinton was severely criticized by the FBI for her email use, but not punished.
"Nominees for president and vice president receive these briefings by virtue of their status as candidates, and do not require separate security clearances before the briefings," Clapper wrote to Ryan. "Briefings for the candidates will be provided on an even-handed non-partisan basis."
Read More
our website and continuing to build our store front. We were recently approved as a Sig Sauer Armed Professional Program and FN Law Enforcement Military Discount Program. To manage these new law enforcement programs, we brought in a new assistant, Shelby Hughes. If you are a Law Enforcement Officer, Active or Retired Military, Firefighter, Paramedic, or other First Responder, email We have been busy improvingour website and continuing to build our store front. We were recently approved as a Sig Sauer Armed Professional Program and FN Law Enforcement Military Discount Program. To manage these new law enforcement programs, we brought in a new assistant, Shelby Hughes. If you are a Law Enforcement Officer, Active or Retired Military, Firefighter, Paramedic, or other First Responder, email shelby@wbarmory.com for our special price lists. Black Friday Pricing Starts Now! We're slashing prices for the holidays. Check out some of our great deals below. Be sure to follow us on social media for more updates and sales over the next few weeks. Start Shopping
When asked about relationships with nurses and physician assistants, there was very little difference in the opinions of male and female residents, with 62% of women and 66% of men saying that their relationships were very good to excellent. The most common complaint among write-in comments from residents with poorer relationships was the lack of respect paid to them by nurses. A small study of pairs of residents and nurses found a lack of shared perception and expectations.[16] Nurses in particular considered themselves to be more autonomous than residents did. The study authors concluded that leadership was necessary, but only if the leader or both members of a pair had sufficient autonomy. They also observed that the present generation of residents and nurses may be open to models of interdisciplinary interactions that are more positive and collaborative than in previous decades.
A 25-year-old Indian-origin man in New Zealand is in a critical condition after he was brutally attacked by a man.Tarun Asthana, a trainee teacher, is on life support in Auckland City Hospital, after he was attacked allegedly by the boyfriend of a woman whose dress the victim had complimented at 5.10 a.m. on Saturday, The New Zealand Herald reported Sunday.A 27-year-old man has been arrested in central Auckland in connection with the case and charged with assault.Eddie Lo, who was enjoying the night out with Asthana but left before he was attacked, said that the trouble flared after Asthana complimented the young woman on her dress.According to the report, Asthana was punched in the head by the woman's boyfriend and fell with his head striking the pavement."She had a go at him because she thought he was hitting on her, and then her boyfriend runs up and smashes him in the head and runs off. He was just complimenting her and she went psycho," Eddie Lo was quoted as saying."It's so tragic that this could happen to him," he added.
For your brewing station Tap that (beer... with your pickaxe).
Sturdy metal pickaxe looks like the one in game
Snazzy conversation piece for your home bar
It seems like everyone who is anyone is doing home brewing lately. So we thought we'd set up a home brewing station. We've got our brewing stand, our cauldron, glass bottles, water bottles, nether wart, glowstone dust, redstone dust, fermented spider eye, magma cream, sugar, glistering melon... wait, what? We can't make beer from those ingredients? What the heck? We were really looking forward to Golden Carrot Beer granting us night vision. Dangit.
Your home brewing station is of course, making delicious beer and cider (and maybe a side of regeneration potion). Hang this trusty pickaxe on the wall and you'll always have the right tool for cracking open a brew and tasting your handiwork. This officially licensed Minecraft Pickaxe Bottle Opener is as hefty as it is handy!
Product Specifications
Hello and welcome to another issue of This Week in Rust! Rust is a systems language pursuing the trifecta: safe, concurrent, and fast. This is a weekly summary of its progress and community. Want something mentioned? Send me an email! Want to get involved? We love contributions.
There were a surprising number of breaking changes this week. The libextra dissolution continues. Condition removal and the IO error overhaul also landed. rustpkg was also removed, and rustc's CLI interface has changed. Additionally, Rust gained another full-time developer! A big hello to Nick Cameron, I look forward to seeing his work.
It was also discovered that we closed the second largest number of issues of any repository on GitHub! We trailed behind homebrew, which is almost cheating, because they use it to track issues on over five thousand packages. Good job everyone!
What's cooking on master?
72 pull requests were merged this week.
Breaking Changes
As part of the libextra dissolution, the following crates have been introduced:
libcollections , which has inherited Bitv , BTree , Deque , DList , List , LruCache , PriorityQueue , RingBuf , SmallIntMap , TreeMap , and TreeSet .
, which has inherited , , , , , , , , , , and . libgetopts , which has inherited extra::getopts . Additionally, getopts::groups is now the only interface. It has been moved up a level, into just getopts , and the old functions have been removed.
, which has inherited . Additionally, is now the only interface. It has been moved up a level, into just , and the old functions have been removed. libserialize , which has inherited extra::serialize and extra::ebml .
, which has inherited and . libuuid , which has inherited extra::uuid .
, which has inherited . libsemver , which has inherited extra::semver .
, which has inherited . libterm , which has inherited extra::term and extra::terminfo .
All crates are still documented, and there is a list with links at http://static.rust-lang.org/doc/master/index.html.
Other Changes
New Contributors
Arcterus
Cole Mickens
Colin Sherratt
HeroesGrave
Ivan Enderlin
James Deng
João Souls
Marek Šuppa
Q.P.Liu
Yuri Kunde Schlesner
Weekly Meeting
The weekly meeting discussed adding a libprim , operator overloading, and the 1.0 goals for LLVM.
Meetups
There will be a meetup in Paris, on February 25, from 18:30 to 23:30.
Bay Area Rust will be meeting February 25, at 19:00 in San Francisco. David Renshaw will be talking about Cap' Proto, Steven Fackler will be talking about exportable macros, and Kevin Cantu about testing.
This Week in Servo
Servo is a web browser engine written in Rust and is one of the primary test cases for the Rust language.
This week, we landed 14 PRs, but there are a substantial number of very close pending PRs that add major layout features to Servo (e.g., lists markers, tables, initial pseudo-class and pseudo-element support).
Notable additions
Bruno Abinader continued with his great DOM additions in #1634 and #1622 and #1604
Patrick Kim fixed borders on inline boxes in #1577 and landed position:relative support in #1613
support in #1613 Patrick Walton further improved layout performance in #1630 and #1615
Adrien Bustany fixed insertBefore in #1621
in #1621 Lars Bergstrom landed reftest stabilization fixes in #1623 – we are almost ready to gate landing commits on content and ref tests passing on Linux, once we get more fonts installed on our Linux buildbots
New contributors
Adrien Bustany (abustany)
Meetings
In this week's meeting, we mainly discussed display list construction with respect to layering and stacking contexts.
Josh Matthews' talk on Servo at FOSDEM is available here.
Announcements, etc
Topic Summary of 2014 Study Articles from The Watchtower
This week delivers our final Watchtower study article of the year. Rather than go into a detailed review (It is after all only routine article discussing often recurrent topics) it seems appropriate to take the occasion to close out our yearlong analysis of study topics.
Jehovah's Witnesses are told that the spiritual nourishment provided by the Governing Body in The Watchtower is just what is needed at any given point in time. Typical of this view are these WT references:
“For us today, it means having confidence in “the faithful and discreet slave” appointed to give us our spiritual “food at the proper time,” as well as in those from among them who form the Governing Body.” (w98 8/15 p. 12 par. 11 Jehovah Should Be Our Confidence)
“Another blessing that Jehovah has bestowed upon us is the great body of Scriptural truth. As we feast on an abundance of rich spiritual food, we have reason to “cry out joyfully because of the good condition of the heart.” (w11 2/15 p. 19 Do You Really Appreciate Your Blessings? Subheading “Food at the Proper Time”)
A rich and abundant feast brings to mind the picture of bountiful plates of food of every type to satiate even the hungriest, most malnourished invitee. It does not conjure up the image of tables filled with jugs of milk and bowls of porridge.
“The naive person believes every word, But the shrewd one ponders each step.” (Pr 14:15 NWT 2013)
Not wanting to be categorized as “naive persons”, let us review our spiritual diet over the past year to see if it has come as advertised.
w13 11/15 (December 30 – February 2)
THEME: Be obedient to our leadership because Armageddon is close.
Article 1: Advice on Prayer. The end is near.
Article 2: Don't doubt. Be patient. The end is near.
Article 3: Obedience. Salvation depends on staying in the Organization.
Article 4: Obedience. Salvation depends on obeying the elders.
Article 5: Counsel to elders.
w13 12/15 (February 3 – March 2)
THEMES: Don't doubt the Governing Body. Avoid apostates. Make sacrifices. You are not to partake.
Article 1: Beware apostates.
Article 2: Donate to and serve the Organization.
Article 3: We have the right date. Only the chosen few should partake of the emblems.
Article 4: Continuation of Article 3 themes.
w14 1/15 (March 3 – April 6)
THEMES: Don't doubt the Governing Body. We are in the last days. The end is near. Make sacrifices.
Article 1: 1914 is true, Jehovah is king since then. (Christ too.)
Article 2: Authority of Governing Body reaffirmed. We must not doubt.
Article 3: Make sacrifices.
Article 4: Make sacrifices because the end is near.
Article 5: New proof that the end is near (“this generation” – Take 7).
w14 2/15 (April 7 – May 4)
THEMES: We are special. It's good to be one of the other sheep. Stick to the Organization.
Article 1: Partial prophetic misapplication of Ps. 45 to reinforce role of anointed.
Article 2: Partial prophetic misapplication of Ps. 45 to reinforce role of other sheep.
Article 3: Stick with the Organization to get God's protection.
Article 4: Reinforcing the false doctrine that other sheep are not God's children.
w14 3/15 (May 5 – June 1)
THEMES: Make sacrifices. Do not doubt Governing Body. Provide for the Elderly and full-timers.
Article 1: Be self-sacrificing.
Article 2: Do not doubt nor be discouraged by failed expectations.
Article 3: Provide for elderly, but help full-timers avoid this duty.
Article 4: More instruction on helping the elderly.
w14 4/15 (June 2 – July 6)
THEMES: Make sacrifices. Rely on the Organization. Be obedient.
Article 1: Trust Jehovah to help you fulfill theocratic (i.e., organization) assignments.
Article 2: The end is near. Engage in JW preaching work zealously.
Article 3: Emigration to provide a better standard of living for your family is bad.
Article 4: Be willing to sacrifice creature comforts for the sake of the JW preaching work.
Article 5: Jehovah cares for and corrects us through his Organization.
w14 5/15 (July 7 – August 3)
THEMES: Good manners in JW preaching. Believe in, obey and support the Organization.
Article 1: How to respond to questions in the field ministry.
Article 2: Instructions on good manners for the JW field ministry.
Article 3: Jehovah only provides guidance to his people via an earthly organization.
Article 4: Our survival depends on obeying, being loyal to, and not doubting the Organization.
w14 6/15 (August 4 – August 31)
THEMES: Love God, obey the Organization. Show neighborly love to throw the field ministry. Do not judge others. Encourage others to do more in the Organization.
Article 1: Love Jehovah and obey the Organization.
Article 2: Love our neighbors and show that love by preaching to them.
Article 3: Imitate Jehovah's mercy in dealing with the weaknesses of others.
Article 4: Encourage others, young ones particularly, to reach out for greater ‘privileges' in the Organization.
W14 7/15 (September 1 – September 28)
THEMES: Beware of apostates. We are the true Organization of God.
Article 1: There may be apostates among us, but these can't hide from Jehovah.
Article 2: Those who disagree with the Governing Body are rebellious apostates like Korah.
Article 3: An attempt to scripturally justify our name, Jehovah's Witnesses, while dismissing the scripturally appropriate name, Witnesses of Jesus.
Article 4: We are the Organization Jehovah has chosen to bear witness to this name.
W14 8/15 (September 29 – October 26)
THEMES: JW Preaching. Two-class system of salvation. Obey Governing Body or die.
Article 1: Women are a preaching force.
Article 2: Instruction on preaching with tracts.
Article 3: Separating the other sheep (God's friends) from the anointed (His sons).
Article 4: Our everlasting life depends on obeying the Governing Body.
W14 9/15 (October 27 – November 30)
THEMES: We are the true Organization of God. Inculcate that belief in young ones. Hope for other sheep. Support full-time Organization appointees.
Article 1: Our Organization has the truth.
Article 2: We are God's Organization because we are persecuted.
Article 3: Parents encouraged to train children to believe in the Organization.
Article 4: The other sheep are to look forward to life on earth.
Article 5: Support the Organization's Bethelites, pioneers and missionaries.
W14 10/15 (December 1 – December 28)
THEMES: Support anointed. Support and stay inside the Organization.
Article 1: The Bible Covenants are used to prove the role of the anointed over the other sheep.
Article 2: Our salvation depends on our support for the anointed, particularly the Governing Body.
Article 3: Support the Organization's construction program through financial and work donations.
Article 4: Keep separate from the world, avoid materialism, and engage yet more in JW preaching work.
Our Spiritual Diet
Let us begin by working under the assumption that everything the weekly Watchtower study has taught us is scripturally accurate; that we are in Jehovah's one true earthly organization and that he has appointed the men making up the Governing Body as the faithful and discreet slave designated to feed us food at the proper time. Based on that, how does our diet measure up to the aforementioned claim that it is ‘an abundant feast of rich spiritual food'?
The Apostle Paul is our guide in finding that answer to that question. He wrote:
“. . .For everyone who continues to feed on milk is unacquainted with the word of righteousness, for he is a young child. 14 But solid food belongs to mature people, to those who through use have their powers of discernment trained to distinguish both right and wrong.” (Heb 5:13, 14)
So the Hebrews were not eating solid food, let alone a feast. Instead they were consuming spiritual milk and food for children. What food? He continues:
“. . .For this reason, now that we have left the primary doctrine about the Christ, let us press on to maturity, not laying a foundation again, namely, (1) repentance from dead works, and (2) faith toward God, (3) the teaching on baptisms and the laying on of the hands, (4) the resurrection of the dead and everlasting judgment.” (Heb 6:1,2)
He lists four things that qualify as the milk of the word. Now to our diet. Here is a month-by-month summary of the food we've been consuming for the past year.
January: Be obedient to our leadership because Armageddon is close.
February: Don't doubt the Governing Body. Avoid apostates. Make sacrifices. You are not to partake.
March: Don't doubt the Governing Body. We are in the last days. The end is near. Make sacrifices.
April: We are special. It's good to be one of the other sheep. Stick to the Organization.
May: Make sacrifices. Do not doubt Governing Body. Provide for the Elderly and full-timers.
June: Make sacrifices. Rely on the Organization. Be obedient.
July: Good manners in JW preaching. Believe in, obey and support the Organization.
August: Love God, obey the Organization. Show neighborly love to throw the field ministry. Do not judge others. Encourage others to do more in the Organization.
September: Beware of apostates. We are the true Organization of God.
October: JW Preaching. Two-class system of salvation. Obey Governing Body or die.
November: We are the true Organization of God. Inculcate that belief in young ones. Hope for other sheep. Support full-time Organization appointees.
December: Support anointed. Support and stay inside the Organization.
Converting this into a yearly summary, we end up with [numbers relate to Hebrews 6:1,2:
Stay free from the world and its works. (1)
Salvation depends on staying in the organization and not doubting but obeying the Governing Body. (2)
We must be self-sacrificing and make the JW door-to-door witnessing our main goal. The little flock of anointed has a special status. The rest of us are less privileged as other sheep who must support them. (3)
The end is near. The other sheep should hope for an earthly resurrection. (4)
It is not much of a stretch to see how these topics match up to the themes Paul exposes as the fundamental things, likened to the milk of the word. It should be evident from this that for the past year the food at the proper time has consisted not of a rich and varied bounty of nutritious food for mature people, but rather the milk and porridge intended for children.
It Gets Worse
The foregoing conclusion would be bad enough if it stopped there, but recall, we have been working on the premise that everything in the past year's articles is scripturally accurate. Regular readers of the weekly Watchtower review will attest that this is simply not the case.
“. . .This is so that their hearts may be comforted and that they may be harmoniously joined together in love and may have all the riches that result from the full assurance of their understanding, in order to gain an accurate knowledge of the sacred secret of God, namely, Christ. 3 Carefully concealed in him are all the treasures of wisdom and of knowledge. 4 I am saying this so that no one may delude you with persuasive arguments. 5 Though I am absent in body, I am with you in spirit, rejoicing to see your good order and the firmness of your faith in Christ.” (Col 2:2-5)
If we realize that “all the treasures of wisdom and of knowledge” are concealed in Jesus Christ, we will not be deluded by persuasive arguments. Have we been deluded by persuasive arguments? If certain ones wanted to delude us persuasively, it follows that they would avoid talking much about Jesus, for in him are to be found both wisdom and knowledge. From the summary, it is clear that over the past year—52 hours of Watchtower studies—there has not been a single topic devoted to revealing the Christ. How can we repeatedly devote articles to knowledge about and devotion to the Governing Body and the Organization—neither entity mentioned even once in Scripture—while virtually ignoring the one who is central to the Christian faith? Are we not called “Christians” for a reason? Is salvation to be found in someone else? An Organization for example? If not, why have we beat the same drum over and over for the past year telling our brothers to obey the Governing Body and the Organization because their everlasting life depends on it? Why is the overriding theme for the year 2014 the Organization? Everything is viewed with that slant in mind. Even when dealing with preaching, we focus on publicizing our literature and web site while sidelining use of the Bible. We are actually told not to show the Bible on a street witnessing displays!
If we truly are enjoying a rich and abundant spiritual feast, why not a single article on even one of the fruits of the spirit? These are qualities that a mature Christian must develop. We barely touched on love and faith and in each instance, the topic was directed toward love for and faith in the Organization.
Healthy Nourishment or Junk Food.
One can live for some time on junk food. But those whose diet consists of it exclusively suffer ill health, pasty skin, obesity, premature aging, and early death. Nevertheless, it does fill the stomach and satisfy the appetite. This past year's spiritual diet is typical fare for Jehovah's Witnesses. We may leave feeling full and satiated, but we have not been nourished. Often, we have been taught falsehoods, as we've repeatedly proven from Scripture in our weekly reviews.
How many realize this? How many have come to love the Junk Food? Paul warned Timothy of the eventual predominance of such ones. (2 Timothy 3:3, 4) Evidence of this can be seen when some, recognizing how truly poor our current fare is, have demonstrated the courage to speak up. Time and again they are rebuked, shunned, and even persecuted. In a state of spiritual denial, many prefer to continue consuming their unwholesome and repetitive rations and punish anyone who might disturb their blissful state of ignorance.
It seems the only source open to us for healthy nutrition is the good, old-fashioned home cooked variety. Fortunately, the source of all nourishment has provided abundantly for us. Let us therefore feast daily on the manna from heaven found in God's inspired Word.
1 » Two days after eliminating the (1) Florida Gators in the Final Four of the 2014 NCAA Tournament, the (7) Connecticut Huskies went on to win the entire thing, claiming the national championship with a wire-to-wire 60-54 win over the (8) Kentucky Wildcats. UConn's victory was a fitting end to the 2013-14 season for Florida, which saw one of only two teams to hand it a loss during the campaign capture the title as opposed to a team in Kentucky that it beat three times in a single season.
2 » The 2013-14 incarnation of CBS‘s famous One Shining Moment tournament recap featurette included six appearances by the Gators starting with a little girl doing the Gator Chomp at the beginning. Senior center Patric Young was shown three times, first at “the ball is tipped” (0:25), then for his big block against Pittsburgh (1:39) and finally on a dunk (1:47). Senior point guard Scottie Wilbekin‘s halftime buzzer-beater three-pointer against Pittsburgh was not included, but he was shown celebrating afterward (2:10). UF was also in the video on a play in which it got dunked on by UConn.
3 » A number of details were announced Monday for the 2014 Orange & Blue Debut, which is set to take place on Saturday at 1:30 p.m. at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium in Gainesville, FL. Florida's annual spring game will consist of four 12-minute quarters with a running clock stopping action during the two-minute drill at the conclusion of each half. The offense will don blue jerseys while the defense wears orange. Head coach Will Muschamp previously announced that teams will not be “drafted” but the game will rather pit the first-team offense against the first-team defense and the second-team offense against the second-team defense.
Sun Sports also released viewing information for the game on Monday that left many Gators fans displeased. Due to a scheduling conflict with the Tampa Bay Rays (Florida's spring game was pushed back a week to accommodate junior quarterback Jeff Driskel as he returned from a broken fibula), UF's spring game will not air live on television in the state of Florida. The Gators will broadcast the game live via their own online streaming video service, GatorVision.tv, at a cost of $3.99 for a pay-per-view or as part of a subscription package. Fans wishing to watch the game either on television or for free will have to tune in to Sun Sports at 5 p.m., Sunday morning for Breakfast with the Gators or at one of four other scheduled replay times. [Editor's note: FOX College Sports Atlantic currently has the game on its schedule to air at 2 p.m.]
4 » Responding to a poor turnout last season (approximately 15,000 fans), Florida announced last Sunday that Gator Growl will actually be moving from Florida Field to Flavet Field in 2014, making it the first time that the “World Largest Student-Run Pep Rally” will be somewhere other than The Swamp in more than eight decades. The Gators and Gator Growl organizing committee claim the change is being made to “bring the show back to a student perspective as it was originally celebrated,” promising a more “intimate” and “interactive” show. But the truth is simple: attendance is down, booking has been poor and interest in the event has waned.
Though Gator Growl should not be directly tied to football performance, lack of excitement in the team over recent years following the departure of Urban Meyer has correlated to a dip in attendance at homecoming. Couple that with some uninspired talent lineups and there is simply less motivation than ever for fans to attend. UF claims Flavet Field can hold 21,000 fans (no seats, of course, and the completely open field will have to be fenced in so the school can sell tickets), so it will be interesting to see how Gator Growl is booked and what the response is from Gator Nation following the event.
Extra BIT » Unable to air highlights from the Gators' NCAA Tournament games due to restrictions from CBS and Turner, ABC affiliate WCJB TV-20 in Gainesville recreated Florida's victory in the Elite Eight and showed the footage on its evening broadcast.
I always wanted to have a network camera that provides a good image quality but does not cost a fortune. Modern network cameras that have a resolution of 4K cost upwards of 4000$. There are some cheap cameras that actually cost less, but their image quality is most often not that great.
A couple months ago I made a great deal on some second-hand Nikon Coolpix L31 cameras. I paid 15$ for two pieces of them, because one had a crack in the display and the other one had a broken battery lid.
My idea was to connect the cameras to a Raspberry PI and use gphoto2 to take pictures and send them back to a sever over the network. The only thing I needed was a outdoor weather-proof enclosure. I found a suitable one at a local hardware store.
The enclosure I used is actually the body of an halogen spotlight used on construction sites. It is perfectly suited for this purpose as it is IP44 protected and has a glass front through which the camera can take pictures without being exposed to the elements. But the best thing is the price as it costs only 12$ which is an absolutely amazing price for such an enclosure.
Before I go into details how I built the camera, here are some sample shots of it during the night and in daylight.
If you pay close attention to the picture during the night you might notice the orange reflection on the top. This is because I forgot to cover a LED of the Raspberry Pi with black electrical tape. I will fix this soon 🙂
When I started to build this I first removed the guts of the lamp and installed a 3D printed mount for the camera. I designed the mount in OpenScad and you can find my the files for the print on my Thingiverse account here (actually I currently am not able to verify the mail address of my Thingiverse account as I only get an HTTP 404 error). The slots fit perfectly for a camera screw.
I used the following camera screws: Link to Amazon
The camera holder is attached by the two screws at the bottom.
To mount the Raspberry PI I used nylon screws with a nut used as a spacer.
In the back of the enclosure a plate is mounted and on that plate the Raspberry PI is screwed on.
I had to cut away some of the plastic of the micro USB connector because it was too long and touched the case.
After the PI was mounted I inserted the camera screw into the camera holder.
Then the camera was screwed on and the network cable was fed through the hole and stripped.
As the camera needs a 3 volt supply, I build one with an LM350 which is quiet overkill. It does not need the current supply capability of 3 amperes. In this picture I had not added the capacitors which should be used with the linear regulator. On the bottom is a DCDC converter from ebay.
The network cable is also used for power according to the power over ethernet “proprietary” standard that uses the four unused wires of an ethernet cord and provides power and 100 Mbit connectivity.
You can find the appropriate wiring here.
The four power wires were attached to the DC DC converter which was set to provide 5 volts for the PI. I attached the USB cord of the PI to the output of the DC DC converter.
From the 5 volt output two wires were attached to the input of the linear regulator. The output of this regulator is attached to wires that are soldered on to the battery tabs of the camera.
In this picture you can also see the USB cable used to connect the camera and the PI.
The finished assembly with the voltage regulators on the right.
After completing the assembly of the camera enclosure I attached the ethernet cord to a power over ethernet switch and tested the connection to the PI.
The power over ethernet switch is a modified cheap ethernet switch to which I added a DC DC converter and connected the appropriate wires for power between the ethernet plugs.
Now the camera is operating for some weeks and I have not seen any problems due to rain. The only thing to pay attention to is to cover every LED of the Raspberry Pi so that your night pictures do not show ugly reflections from the glass.
In part 2 of this post I will provide a small description howto compile gphoto2 and install the necessary scripts on the PI to regularly take pictures.
You can follow me on Twitter so that you do not miss the second part.
Follow @Donothingloop
The 1876 election was one of the closest and most contentious in United States history. Rutherford B. Hayes defeated Samuel Tilden by just one electoral vote. However, Tilden would have won the election outright were it not for an error in arithmetic committed a few years earlier.
Background
This was the first time since the US Civil War that the Democrats had a legitimate shot at winning the general election. Tilden ran on an anti-corruption platform, attacking the crookedness of incumbent Ulysses Grant's presidency. In the general election, Tilden had definitely won at least 184 electoral votes and Hayes had definitely won at least 165. However, 20 votes were still in dispute between Florida, Louisiana, and South Carolina.
Initial results showed that Tilden had won these three states. The Republicans alleged that these results were suspect due to the Democrats' practice at the time of turning away Republicans at the polls and other ballot controversies. The Republican-controlled electoral commissions of these states recounted the ballots and overturned the Democratic victory in all three states. This awarded Hayes the election. This of course led to outrage among Democrats. The two parties were at an impasse.
What resulted was the the Compromise of 1877: Tilden would concede the election to Hayes. In exchange, the government agreed to remove federal troops from Southern states. The aftermath was a cynical and contentious era of American politics.
However, things would have turned out differently if it weren't for a simple arithmetic error from a few years before. As a result of this error, one of the states that voted for Tilden had fewer electoral votes than it should have had, and one of the states that voted for Hayes had one vote too many. Tilden should have won at least 185 total votes, awarding him the election. To understand how this could have happened, we must first understand the concept of apportionment.
What is Apportionment?
As of 2014, there are 435 congressmen in the US House of Representatives. Each state receives a proportional number of congressmen based on population. Congressional apportionment is the process by which exact representative counts are assigned to states. The government conducts a census every 10 years. After each census, congressional seats are redistributed (or "reapportioned") based on state populations.
Apportionment is messy. Each state must be assigned a whole (integer) number of representatives. This causes some rounding, which leads to some states being over or underrepresented in the House. As a result, there are political implications that stem from how apportionment is calculated. The United States has used several apportionment methods throughout its history. It was an error in these apportionment calculations that changed the result of the 1876 selection.
How does Apportionment Work?
If you're not interested in the mathematics of apportionment, you can skip this section by clicking here. Otherwise, read on.
To explore apportionment, let's consider a fictional country consisting of four states. This country has a House of Representatives with a fixed 80 members. They are considering a few methods of apportioning those 80 members among the four states. The populations of the states are as follows:
State Population North 2,537 South 1,240 East 143 West 80 Total Population 4,000
They first decide to try the Jefferson Method of apportionment. The United States used Jefferson's method until after the 1830 census. The step-by-step below shows how it works:
Step 1/3: Calculate the "Divisor" for the entire population. This is the average number of people for each representative. Click "Next" to continue → Next Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = (Total Population) / (Number of Representatives) = 4000 / 80 = 50 citizens per rep Step 2/3: Calculate the "Quotient" for each state. This is the exact number of seats each state would get if fractional seats were allowed. Previous Next Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = 50 Quotient k = (Population of state k) / Divisor State Population Quotient North 2,537 50.74 South 1,240 24.8 East 143 2.86 West 80 1.6 Sum 4,000 80 Step 3/3: Take the floor of the quotient for each state, and assign each state that number of seats in the House of Representatives. If the total number of seats doesn't add up to 80, then reduce the divisor and re-calculate the quotient until it does. Previous Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = 50 Quotient k = (Population of state k) / Divisor State Population Quotient Number of Seats North 2,537 50.74 South 1,240 24.80 East 143 2.86 West 80 1.60 Sum 4,000 80
The smaller states are unhappy with being underrepresented. The country then decides to try out the Hamilton method of apportionment. In the United States, apportionment was usually done using the Hamilton method from 1840 - 1880. The step-by-step below shows how it works:
Step 1/4: Calculate the "Divisor" for the entire population. This is the average number of people for each representative. Click "Next" to continue → Next Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = (Total Population) / (Number of Representatives) = 4000 / 80 = 50 citizens per rep Step 2/4: Calculate the "Quotient" for each state. This is the exact number of seats each state would get if fractional seats were allowed. Previous Next Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = 50 Quotient k = (Population of state k) / Divisor State Population Quotient North 2,537 50.74 South 1,240 24.8 East 143 2.86 West 80 1.6 Sum 4,000 80 Step 3/4: Take the floor of the quotient for each state, and assign each state that number of seats in the House of Representatives. Also, calculate the "remainder" — the quotient minus the number of seats assigned. Previous Next Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = 50 Quotient k = (Population of state k) / Divisor State Population Quotient Remainder Number of Seats North 2,537 50.74 0.74 50 South 1,240 24.80 0.80 24 East 143 2.86 0.86 2 West 80 1.60 0.60 1 Sum 4,000 80 -- 77 (3 unassigned) Step 4/4: Assign the remaining unassigned seats to the states in descending order of the remainder. In this example, this means that East gets a seat, then South, etc until all seats are assigned. Previous Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = 50 Quotient k = (Population of state k) / Divisor State Population Quotient Remainder Number of Seats North 2,537 50.74 0.74 50 South 1,240 24.80 0.80 24 East 143 2.86 0.86 2 West 80 1.60 0.60 1 Sum 4,000 80 -- 77 (3 unassigned)
This seems fairer, but the scholars of this country look at the history of the United States and realize that the Hamilton method isn't without its problems. It's susceptible to a few "paradoxes:"
The New States Paradox : Adding a new state with its fair share of seats can cause seat counts for other states to change.
: Adding a new state with its fair share of seats can cause seat counts for other states to change. The Alabama Paradox : It is possible for a state to lose seats when the total number of seats increases.
: It is possible for a state to lose seats when the total number of seats increases. The Population Paradox: It is possible for a state to lose seats when its own population increases.
Many favor the Webster method instead (especially the smaller states, who are even more favorably represented by the Webster method). The Webster method works as follows:
Step 1/3: Calculate the "Divisor" for the entire population. This is the average number of people for each representative. Click "Next" to continue → Next Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = (Total Population) / (Number of Representatives) = 4000 / 80 = 50 citizens per rep Step 2/3: Calculate the "Quotient" for each state. This is the exact number of seats each state would get if fractional seats were allowed. Previous Next Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = 50 Quotient k = (Population of state k) / Divisor State Population Quotient North 2,537 50.74 South 1,240 24.8 East 143 2.86 West 80 1.6 Sum 4,000 80 Step 3/3: Round the quotient for each state to the nearest whole number, and assign each state that number of seats in the House of Representatives. If the total number of seats doesn't add up to 80, then adjust the divisor and re-calculate the quotient until it does. Previous Total Population = 4000 Number of Representatives = 80 Divisors = 50 Quotient k = (Population of state k) / Divisor State Population Quotient Number of Seats North 2,537 50.74 South 1,240 24.80 East 143 2.86 West 80 1.60 Sum 4,000 80
Now that we've seen how these apportionment methods work, let's shift our focus back to the United States in the 1870s.
An Apportionment Error
Between 1840 and 1880, the only methods of apportionment used were the Hamilton and Webster methods. Smaller states favored the Webster method, while larger states pushed for the Hamilton method. The United States didn't use any other apportionment methods — with one exception.
After the 1870 census, the U.S. increased the size of the House of Representatives to 283. They chose this particular number because Hamilton and Webster's apportionment methods both yielded identical seat allocations. In 1872, they passed another resolution that increased the size of the House by 9 more seats. This resolution awarded one seat each to New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Louisiana, Alabama, and Florida.
However, this is where someone messed up: the House of Representatives didn't use Hamilton or the Webster method (or the Jefferson method, for that matter) to allocate these 9 new seats. These were the only apportionment methods that the House of Representatives used at the time, and the only methods they'd continue to use for the next 10 years. If they had used either the Hamilton or the Webster method, they would have allocated 2 of the new seats to New York and none to Vermont, rather than 1 to each. Both methods would also have awarded a seat to Illinois and none to Florida.
It's unclear whether what happened was due to a mathematical error, or due to politics. I couldn't find any literature that explains why this happened. Either way, this mistake would have a significant impact on the 1876 election.
In 1876, Tilden had 184 electoral votes to Hayes' 165, with the remaining 20 votes in dispute. A compromise was struck that made Hayes the victor in exchange for withdrawing Union troops from southern states. However if each state had been allotted the correct number of votes (based on Webster's or Hamilton's method), Tilden would have had 185 votes and Hayes 184 even after being awarded those 20 disputed votes. New York had voted for Tilden while New Hampshire, Illinois, and Florida had all voted for Hayes; correct apportionment would have tipped the scales in Tilden's favor. There would have been no need for a compromise.
Notes
I don't know how things would be different if Tilden had won. I imagine the effects of the compromise (withdrawal of Union troops from the south) would have happened regardless with a Democratic victory.
This article came about when I was messing with apportionment calculation code I wrote to generate this visualization of future electoral maps.
I did some searching and found that this historical anomaly had in fact been already discovered, but I couldn't find any sources that discuss why it happened. If anyone has any insight about why this happened, or any thoughts on what would have changed if Tilden had won, I'd love to hear about it! Hit me up on Twitter at @ravisparikh.
You can view the code I used to calculate seat assignments on Github.
Earthquakes and volcanoes are intimately linked. They are both products of the plate tectonic process that is constantly reshaping the surface of the Earth. But even beyond that, earthquakes are some of the best clues we have that a volcano might be heading towards an eruption. So, why are there earthquakes in the days-months-years before a volcano erupts and why do some earthquakes lead to an eruption and some don't? Well, it is a little more complicated than it seems.
When we're talking about earthquakes that are leading up to an eruption, the key reason they occur is magma on the move. Most magma that is the source of volcanism in places like Iceland, the Cascades, Sicily and almost every volcano on the planet is initially formed by melting the mantle, many (8-80) kilometers beneath our feet. That magma is buoyant because it is hot, chock full of gases and made of less dense material than the rock around it, so it rises.
Although we tend to think about magma as a liquid, it is a very dense and viscous liquid compared to something like water. This means it can exert a lot of force on the rocks around it as it rises its way through the crust. This is what generates much of the earthquakes that occur in volcanically active areas: the fluid pressure from the rising magma cracking the rock, making space for itself as it rises.
Erik Klemetti
The earthquakes cause by this don't tend to be large—rarely are they larger than magnitude 5 and usually they less than magnitude 3. You might be hard pressed to notice them at all if you were standing on the volcano itself. However, if magma is rising steadily, the location of the earthquakes in the crust will change. They will become shallower and they might even move laterally as the magma tries to find the easiest path out of the crust. By locating the earthquakes in the crust, volcanologists can map out the pathway and location of the magma as it rises. These earthquakes generated by magma cracking the rock along the way upwards are called volcano tectonic (VT) earthquakes.
You also get long-period (LP) earthquakes under volcanoes as bubbles form and escape from the magma during its ascent. Unlike VT earthquakes, LP earthquakes gradually begin and then fade away rather than being abrupt events. So, if a swarm of earthquakes under a volcano is a combination of VT and LP events, it is a pretty good sign that the earthquakes are being caused by magma moving into shallower parts of the volcano. However, as the magma gets closer to the surface, VT events tend to go down as LP events increase. They can also occur as hybrid (or mixed) earthquakes that have some of the VT and LP characteristics.
A third type of shaking can occur under volcanoes and that is harmonic tremor. This is small but constant shaking possibly caused by the turbulent motion of the magma in the conduit. Typically when volcanologists are watching a volcano that is restless, the onset of harmonic tremor is a good sign that an eruption is likely to occur in minutes to days.
These three types of earthquakes—VT, LP and harmonic tremors—are the clues that volcanologists use to determine if the volcano is heading towards an eruption (along with the suite of other volcano monitoring tools). All of these earthquakes can occur at a volcano that does not end up erupting, so putting all the clues together is vital for an accurate forecast. Volcanologists also use seismic information to look for eruption events like explosions and lahars (mudflows) as they can also produce their own, distinct earthquakes.
And if that wasn't tricky enough, earthquakes can occur under volcanoes that have nothing to do with magma. Places with abundant volcanoes also tend to be riddled with faults, so earthquake swarms that are merely tectonic are common. What volcanologists look for to determine if an earthquake is potentially related to magma movement or just fault motion is if the earthquake was caused by dilation (opening) of the crust (magma movement) or some other type of motion (tectonic).
Earthquakes can also be generated in the shallow crust (a few kilometers below the surface) by hot fluids in the volcano's hydrothermal fluids. All the water that percolates through the crust over volcanoes can heat up (sometimes to the point of becoming a supercritical fluid) and as those fluids move, the accompanying change in pressure can fracture the rocks around the fluid. If you look at places where geothermal energy is being tapped or at a restless caldera like Yellowstone, earthquake swarms are common from hydrothermal fluids.
If you watch webicorders that volcanologists have installed at many volcanoes, you can see the different types of earthquakes as they occur. However, seismometers like these also pick up earthquakes that happened all over the world or even non-geologic shaking like truck, people or wind. Although it is easy to watch these near-realtime records of volcanic shaking, it takes training to interpret all those blips into a forecast for a volcano.
USGS-PNSN, modified by Erik Klemetti.
So, earthquakes are a great tool for understanding what might be going on under a volcano, both during times that it might be heading towards an eruption or periods when all is quiet. The earthquake record at Mount St. Helens in Washington shows how even during times before and after eruptions (2002-2012), the earthquakes deep under the volcano don't stop—that's because magma is always moving, cooling, degassing and recharging with new magma. Calling a volcano "dormant" is a bit of a misnomer as the only part that is quiet is the top and really, volcanoes spend most of their life not erupting. Those earthquakes remind us that volcanoes are always rumbling.
When Melbourne's new underground railway is finally completed in 2026, one question must be asked: is there a chance the track could bend?
About 28,000 suggestions have already been lodged in the first month of the competition to name the Australian city's five newest underground stops.
And it seems Melburnians with a chance to name a train station is like the mule with a spinning wheel: no-one knows how they got it and damned if they know how to use it.
The Simpsons much-quoted episode, Marge vs. the Monorail.
After author George R.R. Martin gave his thumbs up to a Game of Thrones station earlier this month, people are now taking ideas from another piece of pop culture: the all-time classic Simpsons episode, Marge vs. the Monorail.
READ MORE:
* Meet Sweden's new locomotive, Trainy McTrainface
​* Boaty McBoatface tops poll of name for polar research vessel
* Boaty McBoatface is back as a yellow submarine
* Qantas considers naming its new Dreamliner Vegemite
For those who haven't seen it (fix that), Springfield builds an expensive (and faulty) monorail after singing conman Lyle Lanley whips up the townsfolk into backing the dated idea.
Some of the suggestions for Melbourne's newest stops - currently known as Arden, Parkville, CBD North, CBD South and Domain - include Brockway, Ogdenville and North Haverbrook, the other cities sold a monorail by Lanley (and by gum it put them on the map).
"Station names referencing popular culture, including The Simpsons, have been popular," a Melbourne Metro Authority spokesperson said.
"Simpsons fans are trying to get Springfield on the map by suggesting names from the iconic monorail episode for the Metro Tunnel stations."
Other Simpsons ideas include Matlock (Abe Simpson's favourite TV show), Capital City and Evergreen Terrace.
While single-track aficionados may be chanting "monorail, monorail, monorail", it's unlikely any of the ideas will make it to the final cut.
The Melbourne Metro Authority's rules for naming the new stations state that suggestions should reflect the history of the local area and iconic locations nearby.
Maybe it's more of a Shelbyville idea.
Those who wish to take part in the competition have until October 22 to submit their thoughts metrotunnel.vic.gov.au.
An advisory panel will compile a shortlist for each station for the Victorian government's consideration.
The authority said submissions had been coming in from more than 50 countries, including the UK, US, Colombia, Iran, Finland, Myanmar and Brazil.
Simpsons-inspired suggestions for Melbourne's five new stations
ARDEN
* Brockway
* Springfield
* Matlock
PARKVILLE
* Ogdenville
* Monorail
* Shelbyville
CBD NORTH
* North Haverbrook
* Sector 7G
* Shelbyville
CBD SOUTH
* Lyle Lanley
* Capital City
* South Haverbrook
DOMAIN
* Main Street
* Evergreen Terrace
* Screamville
After airing the video -- part of the "Contract for the American Dream" campaign - Fox News contributor KT McFarland said, "These kids are a bunch of dorks." Later, a co-panelist, comedian Joe DeVito, stated of the children, "Those little bastards are making me so angry."
GREG GUTFELD (host): KT, is it OK for -- to use kids to sell a political agenda? Or does it come off as crass to you?
McFARLAND: I think that just -- the more we see of this, the better. These kids are a bunch of dorks. I grew up -- I grew up in the era when the libs were supposed to be the cool guys. They were having, you know, the pool parties where everyone was getting thrown in. I was a Republican -- I was, like, you know, like, the little White House thing, and everybody [inaudible] had their Peter Pan collars. These guys are a bunch of dorks. I mean, that looks like it's something that the good old Republicans had put out for the state fair.
GUTFELD: That's an interesting point. So you're saying it's almost reversed it now, where the left has become the right in terms of earnestness and humorlessness, that now it is almost rebellious to be on the other side. I didn't think of it that way, KT, but that's why you are here. And Joe, that's why you're not here. What do you make of this, Joe? I saw you - I saw you tearing up. I thought you might have liked it.
DeVITO: I did, because those little bastards are making me so angry that -- this video reminded me of -- the other night you were talking about the interview with Gwyneth Paltrow.
GUTFELD: Yes.
DeVITO: And you could not make a parody that would hit the points better than what they're actually putting out there. This was so -- I am glad they are calling it the "dream," because you are dreaming if you think this stuff is going to work. A couple of the points - free medical coverage like in other advanced countries -- like Greece and England, the continental model we're supposed to be so jealous of. Pony rides -- not on the list.
Zimbabwean men are a proud lot, but they are slowly taking a bruising with increasing reports of women raping men, in a bizarre trend that appears driven more by superstition, and which social commentators say reflects a more serious underlying problem – total moral decay of the nation.
Admitting to rape by a woman is as embarrassing as it gets for a Zimbabwean man.
But an increasing number have in recent weeks found themselves doing the unthinkable – going to the police to report being raped by a woman!
Recently a Chinhoyi man was abducted at gunpoint by three women who forced him to have sex with them, the latest in a string of such incidents which started last year and which police are investigating countrywide.
“This shows you that society has completely broken down,” Gordon Chavunduka, a social commentator and former vice-chancellor at the University of Zimbabwe (UZ), said.
Zimbabwe is largely a conservative Christian society but also highly superstitious, which could explain the new rape phenomenon, analysts said.
In most cases, unsuspecting men are offered a lift, only to find themselves being driven to secluded bushes where they are forced to have sex at gunpoint.
But it can be in the form of abduction as happened to one man from the farming town of Chinhoyi, who was forced into a car by the three women after refusing to voluntarily accompany them.
The prowling women usually carry condoms, which they take away after intercourse, ostensibly to use the semen for ritual purposes.
“We are a very superstitious country and I suspect people who do this (rape) may want to use the male semen for some rituals,” Claude Mararike, sociology lecturer at the UZ, said.
Only five years ago, it was not a crime for a woman to rape a man and it was not even considered possible that a woman could rape a man until cases of women sexually abusing young boys started to increase.
No wonder when the initial incidents were reported there were doubts to the veracity of the stories, with the odd joke that these were men making excuses for their philandering activities to avoid conflict at home.
But increasingly men are alarmed and wonder whether women are turning the tide against them.
Rituals are not new in Zimbabwe, but there have for long been confined to the business sector where murders were carried out for body parts, with the belief that this would make a business flourish.
In the last decade there has been an escalation in incidents of men raping young girls, believing this would cure the deadly HIV.
But for a patriarchal society like Zimbabwe, where men still dominate everyday life, a woman raping a man was just taboo. In fact, men did not see it coming.
“I still don't believe these stories. I suspect that these are men just making up such stories when they stay out from home,” Faith Chinomona, a vegetable vendor in Harare, said. “There is no way you can force a man to have sex, it's impossible. I don't believe this.”
There is always a lighter, if somewhat crude, side to the rape cases though.
Last year a man reported to the police that he was raped after spending a week in a smoke-filled hut in Lower Gweru in the Midlands Province after what started as a harmless offer of a lift by two women turned into abduction.
The married man and father of three said he was given a daily dose of porridge laced with an unknown powder to enable him to have sex with the two armed women. He was later dumped on the roadside with little energy after the week-long ordeal.
“I don't know what is happening in our society.
Maybe this is God's curse for shunning our customs in favour of the Western culture,” Tsitsi Murindagomo, a 63-year-old traditional healer from Mabvuku, said.
Over two weeks ago, two armed women forced a 44-year-old man into having sex with them while another man stood guard after giving him a lift to Karoi town from Westgate in Harare.
In July a Mwenezi man was reportedly drugged and forced to have sex with two women who had offered him a lift along the Masvingo-Ngundu Road.
Chavunduka said the cases could be a reflection of the degeneration of Zimbabwean culture after a decade of economic collapse.
While the economy has stabilised, poverty remains rampant in the country and most people go to the extreme just to make money.
“These are people who want to make money because of poverty. The women will have been instructed by a traditional healer to collect semen and the only way is to rape an unsuspecting man,” said Chavunduka.
“I don't think it works. But more importantly this is a signal that we need to look at how to strengthen our culture. It is very worrying, our society is in trouble,” he said.
In July police reported that four women forced themselves on a 25-year-old Masvingo man at gunpoint after forcing him to drink an unknown substance that afterwards made him pass out for about eight hours.
Some men believe the women force the men into having sex just for fun and dismissed that this was driven by superstition or desire to get rich quickly.
“This is just publicity seeking. There are some people who get an adrenalin rush by doing very odd things and I believe this is the case here,” Stanley Jena, business studies student at a Harare college, said. – Zim Online
Author: Oli Rushby Posted: 20 Jan 2016
Whether they're a cool way to share your rides with your friends or vital evidence in the unfortunate event of an incident, the use of on-board cameras has skyrocketed in the last five years.
With many riders attaching such devices to their helmets, debate soon arose surrounding the safety implications of doing so. In 2014, the Federation of International Motorcycling (FIM), the governing body for all motorcycle sport, banned riders from mounting cameras on their helmets in all FIM-sanctioned events in fear that devices attached to a helmet could prevent its ability to absorb impact.
However, new research conducted by the Transport Research Laboratory on behalf of BBC Safety suggests helmet cameras aren't as dangerous as previously feared.
The study sought to investigate the potential effects of mounting a camera on the safety performance of helmets. A range of commonly-used climbing helmets were tested with cameras mounted at the front, side and top of the helmet using either sticky mounts or straps.
Energy transference to the head was measured during standardised impact challenges, in line with a number of European standards.
The results showed all helmet-mounted camera configurations investigated may be mounted at all three impact locations without increasing the risk of head injury.
“Concerns have been raised about the safety implications of fixing cameras to helmets, so it's encouraging that the configurations tested still meet the required safety standards,” said Richard Cuerden, Chief Research Schientist at TRL.
“But while the results are promising, it's important we don't assume the outcome will be the same for all helmet and camera configurations. Other variables not tested could result in different injury outcomes, so further research and testing is required before we can confidently say that all helmets, scenarios and designs will achieve the same result.”
With the tests conducted on climbing helmets, we put the question to our social channels to find out what real riders think about the dangers of helmet cameras.
“Anything on your lid is dangerous in a crash, as it can stop your head rolling as the rest of your body continues,” said Rich Beach.
Rob Hart added: “I don't think it's dangerous, it would just snap off. I wouldn't ride without a camera now.”
Martin Crockford pointed out the size of such cameras is an issue: “I absolutely agree they are a good idea. The problem lies with strapping a brick to your helmet. It should be the size of a mobile phone camera with the recording equipment via a cable in your backpack. I can't see any reason why you would strap a GoPro to the side of your helmet.”
“Being a motorcycle courier having a helmet camera should be standard issue,” said Matthew Mepham. I've done 120,000 miles in four years having five accidents, all non-fault. They can be dangerous if not secured properly, wouldn't want the camera to come off doing 70mph with vehicles behind you, but you can buy an extra adhesive security mount that can stop that scenario. They are definitely not dangerous in the right circumstances.”
or
Video shows great white shark attacking kayaker in Monterey Bay
Newly surfaced video shows a great white shark attacking a kayaker in Monterey Bay.
Gene Mace caught the terrifying encounter on camera on March 18. In the video, Mace can be heard telling his wife that the kayaker was pushed into the water by a shark.
His wife called for help, as Mace continued filming. The video shows the great white's fin popping in and out of the water as the kayak was thrashed around. About four minutes later, the struggling kayaker was pulled out of the water by a passing sailor.
Back in March, Brian Correiar described a dangerously close encounter with a great white shark while he was kayaking in Monterey Bay. The attack he detailed in a blog post reportedly happened on the same day.
Also: Pregnant great white shark munches whale carcass off Calif. coast for 17 hours
Correiar told the story from his perspective: "I heard a loud bang as my kayak and I flew into the air. I landed outside my boat, look back to it and to my horror saw a large great white shark no more than three feet away had my kayak in its mouth."
A video shows a kayaker being attacked by a great white shark in Monterey Bay. A video shows a kayaker being attacked by a great white shark in Monterey Bay. Photo: Stuart Westmorland, Getty Images Photo: Stuart Westmorland, Getty Images Image 1 of / 24 Caption Close Video shows great white shark attacking kayaker in Monterey Bay 1 / 24 Back to Gallery
He said he tried to get away while remembering everything he could about surviving a shark attack ("don't splash, don't let your legs hang down, keep your eyes on the shark and swim away, don't act like a panicked seal").
"I scrambled away from my boat as fast as I could and started kicking towards shore - really wishing that I was wearing fins!" Correiar wrote.
A sailboat came to Correiar's rescue after about five minutes, according to his account. Those on board called the Coast Guard for help, who responded and took Correiar back to shore.
Police cuts could come with Austin homestead exemption Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved FILE - Home under construction. (KXAN File Photo) [ + - ] Video
Kevin Schwaller - AUSTIN (KXAN) -- As the Austin City Council considers giving homeowners a tax break through a homestead exemption, members of the council are also examining possible cuts.
The idea, which was a prominent idea in some campaigns, would allow homeowners to exempt 20 percent of the value of their property from Austin property taxes. However, council is also considering a phased approach, in which the exemption starts at a lower rate and grows over a number of years. One option is to start with a lower exemption of six percent. According to a city presentation, an exemption at that rate would save the median Austin homeowner $49 a year.
As council considers its options, the city manager prepared a report based on department responses with potential cuts totaling more than $23 million. It also includes getting rid of more than 150 jobs, with more than 90 coming from the police department.
"It's been very upsetting and depressing to officers," said President of the Austin Police Association Ken Casaday.
He said the potential cuts could hit the DWI unit and the suggestions put the police district representative program in jeopardy.
"[That program] is loved by the community," said Casaday. "They love having someone to be able to call and talk to about their problems and the issues in their neighborhood. And that would totally be gone."
It also comes at a time when police are asking the city for more officers.
"We already have these homestead exemptions with school taxes. We have them with the county. I can't understand why these homestead exemptions weren't put in many, many years ago," said Austin City Council Member Don Zimmerman, who represents District 6.
Zimmerman wants the full 20 percent exemption to pass. As far as how to make up for any loss in revenue, he said he needs to continue studying his options. But Zimmerman points out that cutting jobs isn't the only option.
One thing he's exploring is giving city workers a smaller raise than is currently proposed. He said he wants the increase to be based on area wage changes rather than those for other government employees.
"I argue, we need to start repealing these taxes the same way they were added on," said Zimmerman.
He said taxes have added up over time to what they are today.
The city has until the end of June to make a decision about the homestead exemption this year.
To view the report on other possible cuts, click here.
Mumbai, officially named Bombay until 1995, is the financial capital of India and the home of India's Bollywood film industry. Also called India's "maximum city", Mumbai is known for its extreme standards of living, fast-paced lifestyle, and the making (or breaking) of dreams. It's a cosmopolitan and increasingly westernized city that's an important base for industry and foreign trade. This Mumbai information will help you plan your trip.
History
Mumbai's interesting history saw it ruled by the Portuguese for 125 years until, incredibly, it was given to the British as part of a wedding dowry. Catherine Braganza (the Princess of Portugal) married Charles II (the King of England) in 1662, and the city was included as a dowry gift. The British firstly developed Mumbai as a port, before embarking on extensive urban construction works in the early 1800s onwards. After India obtained Independence in 1947 and the British departed, a population boom followed, brought about by the lure of wealth and opportunities unavailable elsewhere in the country.
Location
Mumbai is located in the state of Maharashtra, on the west coast of India.
Timezone
UTC (Coordinated Universal Time) +5.5 hours. Mumbai does not have Daylight Saving Time.
Population
Mumbai has a population of about 21 million people, making it India's second largest city (rapidly expanding Delhi is now the largest).
A majority of the people are migrants from other states, who have come in search of employment.
Climate and Weather
Mumbai has a tropical climate. It experiences very hot, humid weather during April and May, with temperatures around 35 degrees Celsius (95 Fahrenheit). The onset of the southwest monsoon begins in early June and rain is experienced until October.
The weather remains humid, but the temperature drops to around 26-30 degrees Celsius (80-86 Fahrenheit) during the day. Following the monsoon, the weather gradually becomes cooler and drier until winter sets in, in late November. Winters in Mumbai are pleasant, with top temperatures of 25-28 degrees Celsius (77-82 Fahrenheit) during the day, although nights can be a little chilly.
Airport Information
Mumbai Chattrapathi Shivaji Airport is one of the main entry points into India, and is undergoing major renovation and upgrade. New domestic terminals have been added along with a new integrated Terminal 2, which opened in February 2014 for international flights. Domestic airlines are currently in the process of relocating to Terminal 2 in a phased manner. Terminal 2 is located in Andheri East while the domestic terminals are in Santa Cruz, 30 kilometers (19 miles) and kilometers 24 (15 miles) north of the city center respectively. A shuttle bus transfers passengers between the terminals. Travel time to the city center is around one and a half hours but is much less early in the morning or late at night when traffic is lighter.
Viator offers private airport transfers from $11. They can be conveniently booked online.
Transport Options
The best way to get around the city is to take a cab or auto rickshaw. You'll only find auto rickshaws in the suburbs, as these noisy little creations aren't allowed to travel any further south than Bandra. Mumbai also has a local rail network with three lines -- Western, Central, and Harbour -- which extend outwards from Churchgate in the city center. The newly opened air-conditioned Metro train operates from east to west, from Ghatkopar to Versova, in the suburbs. The local train offers a relatively fast way to travel, but it gets suffocatingly crowded during rush hours. Riding the Mumbai local train is a must-do experience in the city though. Bus services operate in Mumbai as well, but they can be slow and unreliable, not to mention hot and uncomfortable.
What to Do
Stunning examples of colonial British architecture can be found all over the city and make up many of Mumbai's top attractions.
There are some fascinating tours that you can go on. Try these 10 Mumbai Tours to Really Get to Know the City and 10 Mumbai Tours from Viator that You Can Book Online. Alternatively, you may prefer a walking tour of the city. Mumbai also has many unforgettable bars, live music venues, and traveler hangouts with cheap beer. Shopaholics will love Mumbai's biggest and best malls, top markets, and places to buy Indian handicrafts. Afterward, relax at a luxury spa.
Where to Stay
Most tourists stay in south Mumbai's Colaba or Fort districts. Unfortunately, Mumbai is an expensive city and the price of accommodations can be shocking for what you get (or, rather, don't get). If you're on a tight budget, there are still some great options for you. Also recommended are the top Mumbai budget hotels below $150 and best 5-star hotels in Mumbai.
Health and Safety Information
Despite its overcrowding and other problems, Mumbai remains one of the safest cities in India, especially for women. Normal standards of care should, however, be taken, especially after dark.
Mumbai traffic, on the other hand, is horrendous. Roads are extremely congested, horns are continually honked, and people overtake from both sides at whim. You should be particularly careful when crossing the road, and don't attempt to drive yourself. Avoid traveling on the local trains during rush hours as the crowd turns into a heaving mass, and there have been instances of people getting crushed or falling out of trains.
Be careful of pickpockets in tourist areas, such as the Colaba Causeway market. Begging is also a problem in tourist areas and at traffic lights.
As always in India, it's important not to drink the water in Mumbai. Instead, buy readily available and inexpensive bottled water to stay healthy. In addition, it's a good idea to visit your doctor or travel clinic well in advance of your departure date to ensure that you receive all the necessary immunizations and medications, especially in relation to illnesses such as malaria and hepatitis.
When you think about the growth of human population over the last century or so, it is all too easy to imagine it merely as an increase in the number of humans. But as we multiply, so do all the things associated with us, including our livestock. At present, there are about 1.5 billion cattle and domestic buffalo and about 1.7 billion sheep and goats. With pigs and poultry, they form a critical part of our enormous biological footprint upon this planet.
Just how enormous was not really apparent until the publication of a new report, called “Livestock's Long Shadow,” by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.
Consider these numbers. Global livestock grazing and feed production use “30 percent of the land surface of the planet.” Livestock — which consume more food than they yield — also compete directly with humans for water. And the drive to expand grazing land destroys more biologically sensitive terrain, rain forests especially, than anything else.
But what is even more striking, and alarming, is that livestock are responsible for about 18 percent of the global warming effect, more than transportation's contribution. The culprits are methane — the natural result of bovine digestion — and the nitrogen emitted by manure. Deforestation of grazing land adds to the effect.
There are no easy trade-offs when it comes to global warming — such as cutting back on cattle to make room for cars. The human passion for meat is certainly not about to end anytime soon. As “Livestock's Long Shadow” makes clear, our health and the health of the planet depend on pushing livestock production in more sustainable directions.
Abstract
Using existing programming tools, writing high-performance image processing code requires sacrificing readability, portability, and modularity. We argue that this is a consequence of conflating what computations define the algorithm, with decisions about storage and the order of computation. We refer to these latter two concerns as the schedule, including choices of tiling, fusion, recomputation vs. storage, vectorization, and parallelism.
We propose a representation for feed-forward imaging pipelines that separates the algorithm from its schedule, enabling high-performance without sacrificing code clarity. This decoupling simplifies the algorithm specification: images and intermediate buffers become functions over an infinite integer domain, with no explicit storage or boundary conditions. Imaging pipelines are compositions of functions. Programmers separately specify scheduling strategies for the various functions composing the algorithm, which allows them to efficiently explore different optimizations without changing the algorithmic code.
We demonstrate the power of this representation by expressing a range of recent image processing applications in an embedded domain specific language called Halide, and compiling them for ARM, x86, and GPUs. Our compiler targets SIMD units, multiple cores, and complex memory hierarchies. We demonstrate that it can handle algorithms such as a camera raw pipeline, the bilateral grid, fast local Laplacian filtering, and image segmentation. The algorithms expressed in our language are both shorter and faster than state-of-the-art implementations.
What makes Kant's short essay remarkable is the light it sheds on Rousseau's “general will.”
For Kant, reason is the general will – hence, Rousseau's talk of a legislator begins to make more sense. There can be one person who understands what is best for the many; the trick is to bring the many to that state of Enlightenment, where they can be truly free, and avoid demagoguery.
To this end, classical and Machiavellian notions of how statecraft should proceed are rejected. The classical is rejected as it does not sufficiently take in to account how self-centered man is, and posits happiness as something to do with contemplation of ends. The problem with having “ends” in this life, for Kant, is that such sorts of goals must of necessity be material. Freedom lies in the purely formal principle, which is not unlike the categorical – you want to act in such a way that one's action can be reproduced publicly.
The Machiavellian notions are rejected based on an appeal to “publicity” (nations should have open-ended dealings and declarations of policy so that the world, the cosmopolis, can judge), and an appeal to “trade” as something that can soften the harsher in man.
The criticism I placed against Kantian thought in the last post is that it does not take politics seriously – for Kant, politics is about persuasion, which I agree with, but a persuasion that is so complete it can only happen on a personal level. He wants sentiments to change, and when he talks about incentives and how they will affect a people's reasoning, I wonder if he realizes that sentiments are harder to change than reasons.
Where “reason” as the general will gets a peculiar strength is in its treatment of Revelation. A footnote in the appendices implies that if one believes in a particular religion, one really believes in a universal religion. Your God, after all, has to be able to account for all the false gods around; they must have been part of His providential plan. Reason as the general will, can actually, then, gain strength via belief. Kant uses the issue of Providence very skillfully – he does not argue for progress as much as use progress as a lead-in to what is objective. What is objective is not love or virtue, but literal respect for another's right. That respect for right, when fully realized, unites the Kantian concept of politics with morality completely.
And if you buy into this stuff, I think what you can see is Kant saying to me that I'm a pessimist, and that I discount the possibility of a truly moral politics for no “reason,” and thus discount the possibility of a truly workable democracy.
Ms. Whitman was counseled in the matter, the former eBay employees said, by the company's human resources lawyers and by Henry Gomez, then president of the Skype unit at eBay and now a senior adviser to Ms. Whitman's campaign.
Ms. Kim still works at eBay and is now a senior manager for corporate and executive communications. At the time of the incident, she had recently joined eBay from the Gap. She left the company for about four months, returning to work in October 2007 after the matter was resolved.
When reached by telephone on Monday, Ms. Kim said the issue was a “private matter” and declined to comment. Later, in an e-mail message, Ms. Kim said she and Ms. Whitman had overcome their differences.
“Yes, we had an unfortunate incident, but we resolved it in a way that speaks well for her and for eBay,” Ms. Kim said. “And ultimately, I came back to the company, which is not something I had to do.”
The Whitman campaign issued a statement signed by Ms. Whitman that described Ms. Kim as a “respected colleague and valuable asset to the company.”
“In any high-pressure working environment, tensions can surface,” the statement said. “Young Mi and I had a professional disagreement, which we put behind us. She and I continued to work together at eBay, where I valued her skilled counsel and thorough professionalism.”
Ms. Whitman won the California Republican primary for governor last week by boasting of her management experience and an unwillingness to “let California fail.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Central to her résumé, which does not include any political experience, is her tenure running eBay, during which she took a small auction site with 30 employees and expanded it into a Fortune 500 company with 15,500 employees.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Interviews with many former eBay executives who worked with Ms. Whitman suggest that the episode with Ms. Kim, and the behavior alleged, was an anomaly.
They say Ms. Whitman was demanding and would often express sharp bursts of anger toward employees whose work or preparation she found lacking. But they knew of no other similar accusations.
According to several current and former eBay employees, the incident with Ms. Kim took place on the morning of June 1, 2007, when Ms. Whitman was preparing for an interview with the newswire Reuters on an online virtual world called Second Life, where people appear as cartoonlike avatars.
Ms. Kim was briefing Ms. Whitman for the interview that morning by writing talking points on the whiteboard in Ms. Whitman's personal conference room at eBay's headquarters in San Jose, Calif.
Details of the dispute are somewhat vague, since no one else appears to have witnessed it. But according to employees familiar with the incident, Ms. Whitman became angry with Ms. Kim before the interview, partly because Ms. Whitman felt unprepared for the conversation with Reuters.
Ms. Kim later told at least one colleague that Ms. Whitman used an expletive and shoved her. According to one of the eBay employees knowledgeable about Ms. Whitman's version of the incident, Ms. Whitman said that she had physically guided Ms. Kim out of the conference room.
Ms. Kim left eBay's offices later that day, and in the ensuing weeks, Ms. Whitman tried to reach out to Ms. Kim several times to apologize, according to one former eBay employee close to Ms. Kim. Later, eBay suggested supervised mediation to resolve the matter, and Ms. Kim agreed.
The mediation took place in the San Francisco office of Jams, a private dispute resolution service that employs many former judges, the former employee said. Jams did not respond to requests for comment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Whitman announced she was leaving eBay a few months after the mediation, in January 2008. She had said early in her time at eBay that she anticipated staying at the company for a decade. The company was under a variety of pressures at the time, as its stock sharply declined because of a stagnant auctions business and competitive advances from the likes of Amazon.com and Google.
On the campaign trail and in debates against her primary opponents, Ms. Whitman has been a steady presence, although she has been criticized as being awkward with the news media.
In March, she drew fire when she declined to take questions from assembled reporters at a campaign event in Oakland that the campaign had called an “open press stop."
The fact that she is held in high regard by some former colleagues has been a point of pride for the Whitman campaign. In the campaign's second statewide television advertisement, four former eBay executives and one former eBay board member praised Ms. Whitman's leadership style.
Over the next few weeks, the Democrats and Republicans will hold conventions and adopt platforms to tell voters where they stand on key issues. Platforms help define legislative priorities for the parties and the lawmakers who belong to them: Adopting strong Internet freedom language will help ensure that we'll never have to deal with another SOPA or CISPA.
This political ritual only happens once every four years, so we have just days to demand that the two dominant parties make Internet Freedom a priority.
Sign our petition to the Democratic and Republican officials responsible for drafting their party platforms. Tell them to adopt the following language:
"The Democratic/Republican Party stands for a free and open Internet, unfettered by censorship and undue violations of privacy."
It's about time for the Democratic and Republican parties to stand up for Internet Freedom -- and to do it in writing. 2012 has been a landmark year for those who believe in the right of Americans to share information and communicate with each other free from censorship and surveillance.
At the start of the year, we joined together to defeat the Internet Blacklist Bills (SOPA & PIPA), and just days ago we defended online privacy by stopping heavy-handed cybersnooping legislation. Along the way, members of both parties lined up against us. Join us as we tell the Democrats and Republicans to make Internet Freedom a priority.
It is necessary for the perfection of human society that there should be men who devote their lives to contemplation.
–St. Thomas Aquinas
The trouble with mere pragmatism is that it doesn't work.
–G. K. Chesterton
I would like to put liberal education in its place, by unmasking its essential uselessness to students and to society at large. And I would like to apologize for all the time wasted by my students and all liberal-arts professors in trying to make liberal education useful. However, the place I would like to put the liberal arts is at the forefront and foundation of education, as the raison d'etre of every college and university in this country and the world. And my apology is to those who have suffered under any educational program not ultimately founded on and integrally oriented towards the study of the liberal arts, that is, to what is ultimately useless. For, such is inherently dysfunctional. Purely non-liberal education doesn't work.
Now, of course, there is an essential role for useful, non-liberal, vocational, career, and professional education in the typical university and college curriculum. I am not arguing for the exclusivity of liberal education, that every college and university should be wholly devoted to liberal arts education and nothing else. What I'd like to propose instead is that the success, which is to say, the usefulness, of non-liberal education for individuals and society is inextricably bound up with and necessarily dependent upon 1) The uselessness of liberal education; 2) A widespread awareness of the preeminent value of this uselessness; 3) The place of liberal education at the very core of every college and university curriculum. Robert Hutchins, founder of St. John's College's integrated Great Books curriculum, sums all this up nicely:
.. The liberal arts are not merely indispensable; they are unavoidable. Nobody can decide for himself whether he is going to be a human being. The only question open to him is whether he will be an ignorant, undeveloped one, or one who has sought to reach the highest point he is capable of attaining. The question, in short, is whether he will be a poor liberal artist or a good one.
The tension between useful and useless knowledge has been around for millennia. Consider Plato's Protagoras. Here Socrates asks the sophist Protagoras what he teaches young men. His answer: “I teach them good planning, both in their own affairs, such as how one should best manage his own household, and in public affairs, how one can best speak and act in the city-state.” Contrast Protagoras' notion of the education to these:
Aristotle: “Of possessions . . . those rather are useful, which bear fruit; those liberal, which tend to enjoyment. By fruitful, I mean, which yield revenue; by enjoyable, where nothing accrues of consequence beyond the using.” Cicero: “In music, numbers, sounds, and measures; in geometry, lines, figures, spaces, magnitudes; in astronomy, the revolution of the heavens, the rising, setting, and other motions of the stars; in grammar, the peculiar tone of pronunciation, and, finally, in this very art of oratory, invention, arrangement, memory, delivery.” St. Augustine: “Such studies are the way to the highest things, the way of reason which chooses for itself ordered steps lest it fall from the height. The steps are the various liberal arts.” Cardinal Newman: “The principle of real dignity in Knowledge, its worth, its desirableness, considered irrespectively of its results, is this germ within it of a scientific or a philosophical process. This is how it comes to be an end in itself; this is why it admits of being called Liberal. Not to know the relative disposition of things is the state of slaves or children; to have mapped out the Universe is the boast, or at least the ambition, of Philosophy.”
What all these educational thinkers have in common is an idea of education itself as its own end. In other words, the end, goal, or use of liberal education is not found in anything outside of the study itself. So is the mere studying of the liberal arts the purpose of the liberal arts? That does seem self-referential and circular. The liberal arts, as all arts, are tools, in a sense, but they are tools for making humans. They perfect the intellect, the highest part of man, and thus enable man to know the world, oneself, and God as these really are. Is this useful? Consider an analogy. What do all humans desire for its own sake and never for something else? Nothing else but happiness. And in what activity or activities do we find our happiness? This is a difficult question, of course, for although we must agree that happiness is our ultimate goal, we disagree quite a bit as to the best means to get there, or else we say that the way to happiness is personal and not able to be judged objectively and universally. However that might be, we can all agree where happiness does not lie—not in that which is only instrumental, a means, good for another thing. For whatever happiness is, we find it in those objects, persons, and activities that we consider good in themselves.
One way of putting this is that happiness is the most useless thing, since it is never a means, but always an end. No one wants happiness in order to be healthy or to be rich or even to have pleasure, for one wants all these in order to be happy. Similarly, the reason we study engineering or marketing is because it provides us with something else that we desire. Engineering provides a skill that we can employ to make airplanes, but the making of airplanes is not the end, for that is to permit travel, which is itself a means to the societal good of mobility, which is itself a means towards the common good of political order and ultimately friendship. No one reads an engineering book to appreciate the aesthetic beauty of engineering, although this may be part of its attraction.
Again, unlike money or political order or freedom, liberal knowledge is a good in itself, for it is perfective of the human qua human, and not simply human qua worker or pleasure-enjoyer or freedom-employer. Just as happiness is the point and purpose of all our desires, the formation and perfection of ourselves as humans is the point of all our knowledge. Part of this formation and perfection is in the realm of the practical since we are not intellects trapped in a body, but integrated body-soul composites. In other words, we are meant to live in the work-a-day world, to use the phrase of Josef Pieper, the world of instrumental goods, means-to-end knowledge, economic production, and materiality. But to constrain knowledge only to this sphere, to say that all education must be ordered to use in the work-a-day world, is to imply that there is nothing that transcends, that we are trapped in the realm of the temporal, material, and instrumental. And this is to make human happiness not an end but a means, bound to whatever we can use from this world, bodily pleasure, emotional satisfaction, wealth, honor, power, and the like. These are legitimate goods, of course, and education can help us obtain these goods. But unless there is a transcendent reason for pursuing these goods, unless this work-a-day world is seen for what it is, a means and never an end, then we end up making a means our of an end, and an end out of a means, and we thus make human happiness, and concomitantly, true education, impossible.
In any means-end relationship, the existence of the means only makes sense if there is also something to which this means is ordered. If everything is a means, nothing is a means. For example, one goes for a walk. Why is one walking? It might be for purpose of diet and health. It might also be because walking itself is enjoyable, but even in this case, it is the enjoyment that one is after, the happiness ensuing upon the activity of walking. No one would want to be happy so he may walk! Similarly, if we see utility as all there is, if all we do and know are merely useful activities with nothing serving as what these are useful for, then the whole notion of use collapses in on itself. If there is the useful, there must be the useless. What ends up happening if we accept only the useful and deny the useless? What if the world-of-work encompasses us, so that any notion of leisure, philosophical speculation, contemplation of the whole, festivity, and enjoyment of God is construed as a means to an end, as merely useful? We rest and we philosophize and we celebrate—so that we can be more productive workers and successful consumers?
What is underlying the argument so far is a claim that I cannot prove, but for which I wish to show that there is no good reason to deny: There is more to life than the work-a-day world. The declining role of the liberal arts; the constant refrain of “what are you going to do with a liberal education”; the transfer of university funding away from the liberal arts to science, engineering, research, technology, and the practical professions; and the perversion of the liberal arts into purely subjective, emotional, and private concerns, on the one hand, and into the politicized categories of gender, class, race, and sex, on the other—all of these indicate that we, as a culture, believe that there is nothing other than the work-a-day world, the world of instrumental reason and goods, and that we think human happiness is to be obtained within this world alone.
But, and this is the claim of Josef Pieper in his book Leisure the Basis of Culture, the whole work-a-day world is itself only intelligible and livable as a means. To what? To the world of what he calls leisure, the world of goods that are good for their own sake, the world of knowledge that is worth having for itself, and the human encounter and celebration of this world. Education, then, is for leisure, to make leisure possible, and this means that all knowledge is preparatory for the contemplation of truth, the “philosophical act” by which man transcends the world of work and enters into the world of true freedom. The liberal arts are precursors and constituent parts of that one discipline that is the implicit goal of every other study, philosophy, in the broad sense of theoria, the contemplation of truth for its own sake. Philosophy as wisdom is the culminating discipline of the liberal arts and thus of all education whatsoever. The liberal arts are the arts of freedom, for they are pursued for their own sake, and thus are perverted when they become slaves to another master. Ryan Topping writes:
But this freedom means that philosophical knowing does not acquire its legitimacy from its utilitarian applications, not from its social function, not from its relationship with the “common utility.” Freedom in exactly this sense is the freedom of the “liberal arts,” as opposed to the “servile arts,” which, according to Thomas, “are ordered to a use, to be attained through activity.”[Commentary on the Metaphysics I, 3.] And philosophy has long been understood as the most free among the free arts (the medieval “Arts Faculty” is the forerunner of the “Philosophical Faculty” of today's university).
What does it mean to transcend the world? Is this a “peak experience” only obtainable by a small elite of privileged and wealthy liberal artists? Not remotely! As Pieper writes, anyone who loves and truly yearns for true happiness has already experienced this transcendence:
The lover, too, stands outside the tight chain of efficiency of this working world, and whoever else approaches the margin of existence through some deep, existential disturbance (which always brings a “shattering” of one's environment as well), or through, say, the proximity of death. In such a disturbance (for the philosophical act, genuine poetry, musical experience in general, and prayer as well — all these depend on some kind of disturbance) in such an experience, man senses the non-ultimate nature of this daily, worrisome world: he transcends it; he takes a step outside it.
If we want to live in a world where there are only means to other means with no end in sight, where only the kitsch consumerist monuments of selfish human will and desire exist, where all knowledge is ordered to use, then we must say goodbye to liberal education. And to a large extent, this is precisely what we have done. But, have we really eliminated the transcendent, true leisure, the philosophical act, and the liberal arts, or have we just transformed them into mere tools to contemplate the idols of our own making—the idols of consumerism, pleasure, power, and self-worship? If we no longer have a place for the truly useless, for the good-in-itself, for speculation on the meaning of reality, then we ultimately have no place for the useful either. Those goods and truths that are so above our worldly needs as to remain transcendently useless are, per impossible, violently brought down into the work-a-day world, with the most useful goods and truths shoved into a transcendental world where they do not belong and must die. The end result is human degradation and unhappiness.
I conclude with the words of Simone Weil, a one of the philosophers of our time most dedicated to the useless. She takes our argument to the next step:
Every successful startup at one point or another faces a turning point in its history. This turning point, whether a challenge, conflict, or opportunity, oftentimes becomes the defining moment for the startup's leadership team. How will they respond? What steps need to be taken? What is the game plan to get from point A to point B? These questions are vital, and investors and board members demand answers.
Blockchain technology, though not a startup in the traditional sense, is at its turning point. Prices are at or near all-time highs, trading volumes are soaring, and the number of cryptocurrency users is growing at a tremendous rate. But these statistics don't tell the full story.
With cryptocurrency prices rising and transaction volumes hitting peaks, the Achilles' heel of Blockchains, scalability, is back with a vengeance. The problem essentially boils down to block size--blocks that are too big are automatically rejected by the network. As a result, transactions per second are limited to single digit numbers, or double digit numbers if the Blockchain is really fast.
The problem is that this pales in comparison with traditional payment methods like Visa cards. If cryptocurrencies want to compete in the transaction world in a substantive way, something needs to be done.
Sensing this need, some companies are working on customizable operating systems that will establish commercial-scale platforms. The goal is to meet growing business demand through Blockchain technology, as well as provide a central hub for all Blockchains. The hope is that platform operating systems will lay groundwork for the development of new, scalable applications, and organizations like EOS, Grid, DASH, and Waves are aiming to do just that.
How Blockchain operating systems can address the scalability problem
By creating a multi-chain parallel processing infrastructure that fulfills certain requirements, companies could pave the way for greater Blockchain commercialization. The operating systems they are working on are comprised of a main chain and an indefinite number of side chains, allowing a platform to fulfil multiple goals while reducing data redundancy.
The architecture of the operating systems establishes a well organized “Central Business District.” In this business district each industry has its own dedicated side chain--a one-to-one scenario where specific issues and problems receive direct attention via the corresponding chain.
The highly customizable platforms consist of one main chain, or kernel, that forms the minimum viable Blockchain. As the backbone of the operating system this main chain is used as the core from which custom operating systems can be developed. Developers can use the operating system to create specific configurations, providing adaptability that has so far eluded certain Blockchain projects.
So how does this all impact scalability? In essence, a Blockchain-based operating system creates different streams (side chains) which handle very specific tasks. As a result, the main chain isn't bogged down by having to process transactions it isn't built to handle. The abundance of chains means that the platform can process independent transactions at one time.
The operating system creates a scenario similar to adding four additional lanes on a one way highway. Drivers can accomplish the same end goal, arriving at their destination, but take a variety of lanes to get there. Traffic bottlenecks are less likely on a five lane highway than a one line highway In the same way, a Blockchain can accomplish its goal but take a variety of chains to do so. Side chains enable the main chain to operate as intended while also getting specialized tasks done.
Blockchain solutions for everyday life
The end goal for Blockchain-powered operating systems is to provide real world commercial solutions. In order to cope with increased transaction volumes, Blockchain companies are building infrastructures that allow companies to create scalable platforms. By allowing a Blockchain to have connected yet independent side chains, companies will find that they can create customizable solutions to meet their business demands.
Studying Sustainable Energy Solutions: Gaelan Brown's Compost-Powered Heat
January 21st, 2015 by Glenn Meyers
Add all composting champions wanting to know more about useable energy which can be captured via the basic composting process.
Gaelan Brown has previously been a guest writer on Green Building Elements about compost-powered heat. He wrote me, asking readers to “Imagine being able to heat water, buildings, and greenhouses using energy captured from compost without buying or burning any fuel while creating a byproduct that is worth more per ton than coal.”
He also is author of The Compost-Powered Water Heater.
Of the book, he says it gives a “broad and deep introduction to compost heat recovery at all scales.”
Readers will not only learn about composting basics and energy recovery, they can discover modern engineered approaches for extracting heat from compost systems using animal manure and food scraps as the main input.
You could think of compost power as hot shit, but there need to be no obnoxious odors or manure involved. In fact, compost-heat-recovery systems often have the added benefit or reducing or eliminating odors that might otherwise be part of the compost production process.
In short, rot makes hot. And at present there are people all over the world who seem to have collectively scratched their heads at the same time and said, “Let's use that compost heat. Why not?”
In recent years the resurgence of organic farming in Western economies has driven investments in expanded production of high-value compost. Cost increases for conventional fertilizers and shortages of supplies like potash have driven up the demand and prices for organic compost. Certified-organic products cannot use the chemically derived fertilizers of conventional agriculture that have been common during the past half-century.
His hands-on techniques have a lot of appeal, especially when considering how much waste goes unused.
Mr. Brown reports there are plenty of working examples of homes, greenhouses, and farms that have used compost-heat recovery systems alongside existing heating/hot-water systems, reducing or eliminating the need for fuel combustion. “These systems range from simple low-tech designs made mostly of wood chips and sawdust, to large-scale engineered systems at farms and compost-production facilities,” he says.
Concerning his background, Brown has been involved with compost-powered heating systems in dozens of states across the United States as well as Quebec, Ontario, Siberia, Norway, Chile, Argentina, and many other locales.
He cites an engineered approach to compost-heat recovery that has been developed by Agrilab Technologies and Joe Oullette of Acrolab Ltd. Called the Isobar system, it draws hot steamy air through the compost into the floor and runs that air and vapor through a specialized heat exchanger.
Brown says the Isobar system in general pays for itself in less than five years and is ideal for commercial compost producers and farms with more than 100 cows or the equivalent amount of manure or other compost feed stocks such as food scraps and forest residues.
There are several Isobar systems in successful operation in VT, NH and NY that are each capturing an average of 1000 BTUs/hr per ton of compost continuously during an 8-week batch cycle. This amounts to more than 1.4 million BTUs of thermal energy captured per ton of compostable materials processed, which is worth about $45 in terms of hot water fuel savings. Forty-five dollars in energy value per ton of compost produced is a very large value. A ton of high quality coal currently costs $40 by comparison.
For those wanting to know more, Brown added:
Jasper Hill Farm in Greensboro, Vermont heats a large winter greenhouse and large volumes of wash water with their Isobar system. The University of New Hampshire's organic dairy farm and Sunset View Farms in New York, use their Isobar systems primarily for making combustion-free hot water. More information about the Isobar system including “How it works” videos can be found at these websites: CompostPower and AgrilabTech.
Photos via Gaelan Brown and Agrilab Tech.
Secessionists push for South to break away from US again
This July 8, 2017 photo shows members of the KKK escorted by police past a large group of protesters during a KKK rally in Charlottesville, Va. Some white Southerners are again advocating for what the Confederacy tried and failed to do in the 1860s: secession from the Union. So-called Southern nationalists are within the group of demonstrators who are fighting the removal of Confederate monuments around the South. They say it's time for Southern states to secede again and become independent of the United States.(AP Photo/Steve Helber)
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — As 21st century activists seek to topple monuments to the 19th century Confederate rebellion, some white Southerners are again advocating for what the Confederates tried and failed to do: secede from the Union.
It's not an easy argument to win, and it's not clear how much support the idea has: The leading Southern nationalist group, the Alabama-based League of the South, has been making the same claim for more than two decades and still has an address in the U.S.A., not the C.S.A.
But the idea of a break-away Southern nation persists.
The League of the South's longtime president, retired university professor Michael Hill of Killen, Alabama, posted a message in July that began, “Fight or die white man” and went on to say Southern nationalists seek “nothing less than the complete reconquest and restoration of our patrimony — the whole, entire South.”
“And that means the South will once again be in name and in actuality White Man's Land. A place where we and our progeny can enjoy Christian liberty and the fruits of our own labor, unhindered by parasitical ‘out groups,'” said Hill's message, posted on the group's Facebook page a day after a rally in support of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The group's website says it is “waging a war to win the minds and hearts of the Southern people,”
While white-controlled government is its goal, the group says in a statement of beliefs that it offers “good will and cooperation to Southern blacks in areas where we can work together as Christians to make life better for all people in the South.”
According to the U.S. Census, 55 percent of the nation's black population lived in the South in 2010, and 105 Southern counties had a black population of 50 percent or higher.
Hill said they're not advocating for a repeat of a Civil War that claimed 620,000 lives or a return to slavery, the lynchpin of the South's antebellum economy.
“We have no interest in going back and recreating an un-recreatable past,” Hill said in a telephone interview. “We are future oriented.”
The group has erected billboards that said “SECEDE” in several states, and it even has its own banner — a black and white version of the familiar Confederate battle flag, minus the stars.
Secession also finds support on some websites that support white nationalism, including Occidental Dissent, run by a Hill associate, and the openly racist, anti-Semitic Daily Stormer. Extremist watchdog Heidi Beirich said strict Southern nationalism seems to have been swept up into the larger white-power agenda in recent years.
“I think it's mostly subsumed into the white nationalist movement,” said Beirich, director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center. “There might be a little Southern softness to it. But I can't tell a whole lot of difference between the League and white nationalism.”
Meanwhile, critics are howling over the mere idea that HBO is considering a dramatic series based on the idea that the South really did secede again and slavery still existed.
But secession isn't the sole property of Southern white nationalists.
A group that wants California to secede from the United States is based mainly on liberals wanting to exit the United States because of President Donald Trump's election. They are collecting signatures to place a secession ballot initiative on the 2018 ballot.
The initiative would form a commission to recommend avenues for California to pursue its independence and delete part of the state constitution that says it's an inseparable part of the United States. The “Calexit” initiative also would instruct the governor and congressional delegation to negotiate more autonomy for California.
Secession also has been discussed on and off for years by the far right in states including Texas, particularly when Barack Obama was president.
Online, many Southern nationalists seem animated by drives to remove Confederate memorials, as happened in New Orleans and is planned in Charlottesville, Virginia. Not everyone who supports Confederate monuments wants to remove the South from the United States once again. Some supporters of the Old South say they simply want to honor ancestors who wore the gray during the Civil War.
But some want to make a break.
Perhaps the United States should just let the South leave, said author Chuck Thompson.
Thompson's 2012 book “Better Off Without 'Em: A Northern Manifesto for Southern Secession” argued that both the United States and the South might both be best served if Southern nationalists won the argument and succeeded in forming a new nation.
The South has been at odds with the rest of the nation for generations over issues including education, race, politics, shared history and religion, Thompson said in a telephone interview, and some things just don't change.
“It's not that just the rest of the country would be better off without them,” he said. “It's that everyone would be better off without them, both sides.”
Recently we spoke with Naughty Dog's Arne Meyer about all things Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. When asked about the variety of drivable vehicles in Uncharted 4, Arne was tight-lipped, but he did give us a big clue towards what we can expect.
When we spoke to Naughty Dog's Community Strategist Arne Meyer, he was pretty mum on what vehicles will be included in Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Meyer likened it to revealing an unannounced character or location, which is fair enough. However, with the wide-open environments and no run button to be found, it's safe to say we'll be spending a large portion of the game in one vehicle or another. While Meyer wasn't prepared to go on the record and announce the variety of drivable vehicles in next Uncharted instalment, he did give us a very intriguing hint towards what we can expect when the game launches next month.
If you take a closer look at some of the trailers we've released I think you'll get the answer to some of those questions.
So in the spirit of Nathan Drake's sleuthing, we went through every existing trailer with a fine comb to get a better idea of what vehicles the player will take control of. We've placed the vehicles we found intro three categories: Likely, not likely and vehicles we want to drive.
We spoke to Arne Meyer about a wide variety of topics including Jak and Daxter 4 concept art, AI and Robyn Atkin Downes role in Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. You can read the rest of the interview here.
Vehicles Nate will likely drive in Uncharted 4
Going off some of the sequences we've already seen from Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, these are the vehicles the player will most likely pilot. Note: We've omitted the 4X4 as it's already confirmed.
Motorcycle
The Evidence: The motorcycle has featured heavily in multiple Uncharted 4 trailers. While we've only seen Sam Drake at the wheel so far (it's somewhat part of his character) there's no doubt Drake will get the chance to don the leather jacket and bad attitude. Here are some moments where the motorcycle has popped up through the Uncharted trailers.
Boat
The Evidence: Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is influenced heavily by the escapades of 18th-century pirate Henry Every and you can't have a good pirate story without some water nautical action. Boats have popped up a few times throughout the Uncharted 4 trailers, but the screencap below (which looks a lot like gameplay) clearly depicts Nate as captain of the ship. During the trailer, Sam is seen steering the ship wearing his blue button-up shirt. That and the skeezy slicked-back hair make it obvious that Sam is the passenger in the image below.
Plane
The Evidence: Flying through the Uncharted universe might be a little more farfetched than the suggestions above. However, it makes total sense for Naughty Dog to allow players to pilot our globe-trotting hero across to his next destination. Around 1:04 into the recently released Uncharted 4 story trailer. We get a glimpse of Nate jumping into a plane and taking flight.
Interesting, no? Further proof of flying in Uncharted 4 was revealed in a promo video released less than a week ago. The video, titled "Around the World Sweepstakes" spruiks an Uncharted competition for those who pre-order Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. About 00:20 into the video, another never-seen-before seaplane can be spotted. This one isn't too dissimilar to the plane from the original game - with a green paint job replacing the red and white (see below).
Vehicles Nate probably won't drive
A few more vehicles popped up throughout the trailers we perused, but it's a bit of a stretch to imagine Nate, say, hot tailing it on a moped. We've included these anyway, because it's fun to entertain the thought.
Tourist Drake: Moped
Sure, it's hard to imagine the thrillseeking Nathan Drake getting around town on a scooter. Then again, maybe the motorbike truly is reserved for the edgier brother Sam and Nate gets stuck with the moped. That is the kind of humor we've come to expect from Uncharted, so we're not ruling it out completely.
Construction worker Drake: Excavator
We know from the trailers that Drake seems earning an honest living these days and his office setup screams construction-site demountable. However, to assume that he's donned a hardhat is a bit absurd. Though, come to think of it, he could do with an excavator from time to time.
Fruit vendor Drake: Fruit Cart
Get your deblooms, fresh out of the 18th century! Okay, so Drake definitely won't be peddling fruit and beg in between adventures. These have surely been added to fulfil the trope of dramatically crashing through some poor sod's livelihood without a second thought.
Vehicles we want to drive in Uncharted 4
Whatever this thing is: Combat vehicle
In one of the most thrilling trailers yet, Nate and Sam are being pursued by this beastly hummer/tank hybrid. This one in particular meets an untimely demise thanks to Drake's sharpshooting by the end of the trailer, but fingers-crossed Nadine's private military company has a spare one on hold for us to hijack later.
Check it out in action in the full-length trailer below.
Let us know in the comments below what vehicle you would like to see in Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. One thing's for sure, going through these trailers has us more excited than ever for May 10.
The lion's share of Minnesota's new tax revenue was sunk into human capital. While the state's Constitution required that half of the new revenue balance the budget in 2013, Mr. Dayton invested 71 percent of the remaining funds in K-12 schools and higher education as well as a pair of firsts: all-day kindergarten and wider access to early childhood education. Minnesota was one of the few states that raised education spending under the cloud of the Great Recession.
By contrast, Mr. Walker's strategy limited Wisconsin's ability to invest in infrastructure that would have catalyzed private-sector expansion, and he cut state funding of K-12 schools by more than 15 percent. Per student, this was the seventh sharpest decline in the country.
Health care presents another difference. When Mr. Walker refused to establish a state health insurance exchange or to expand Medicaid, even though the federal government covered all costs for three years and most costs after that, ideology trumped pragmatism. The uninsured and the ill bear the burden. Many of the 10 percent of uninsured Wisconsinites were denied new Medicaid benefits and were shunted off to the federal exchange's stumbling website.
Mr. Dayton is on course to improve Minnesota's already low uninsured rate. He expanded Medicaid to cover an additional 35,000 people and accepted Washington's offer to pick up the cost — as half the states, including a growing number with Republican governors, have. Mr. Dayton also created a state insurance exchange, which enrolled more than 90 percent of its first month's target. Meanwhile, Minnesota's tradition of innovative medical care and nonprofit insurers produced premiums in its insurance exchange that are, on average, the lowest in the country, well below premiums in Wisconsin.
Mr. Dayton's embrace of progressive fiscal policy is matched by a fierce crackdown on lenient payments to insiders. Cuts in payments to managed care organizations serving Medicaid saved $175 million and produced lower rates in 2013 than in 2010, despite higher costs over all.
Of course, liberal aspirations contend with stubborn realities. Minnesota is a health reform pioneer, but it is dogged by entrenched problems in rural areas, where medical costs and premiums remain relatively high and the capacity of medical care providers may be overstretched by new demand. As for fiscal policy, Mr. Dayton would have applied sales taxes more broadly, while lowering their rates, but faced intense protests from a broad section of businesses and Democratic legislators who blocked him.
Even after tempering their initial plans, Democrats face a backlash. According to a recent Minnesota Chamber of Commerce survey, a quarter of Minnesota companies — a 10-year high — describe the state's business climate as worse than elsewhere. Mr. Dayton and his colleagues got the message and are likely to roll back new sales taxes on farm equipment and warehousing facilities that had threatened to leave.
Evidence and common sense should matter more in our overheated political debates. The lesson from the upper Midwest is that rigid anti-tax dogma fails to deliver a convincing optimistic vision that widens economic opportunity and security. The excesses of liberalism may lurk, but Minnesota is building a modern progressivism that plows a hopeful path.
In this edition of the Red Wings prospect series I will be taking a closer look at Teemu Pulkkinen.
Forward (RW) – Finland – Age 22
5-foot-11, ~185 pounds – Shoots Right-handed
Drafted 111st Overall in 2010 NHL Entry Draft
Career Stats (Regular Season Only)
Strengths / Weaknesses
+ Powerful Accurate Sniper, Excels on Power Plays
– Speed, Creating Space, Staying Healthy
Teemu Pulkkinen possesses a wicked shot but beyond that the rest of his skills fall below average. While he isn't the best skater Pulkkinen does get by in the AHL with his ability to hold onto the puck. The question moving forward for Teemu is can he find the open scoring areas in a much faster paced NHL game?
Since he isn't the fastest or most skilled skater he needs to use his small frame to shrug off hard hitters to locate areas on the ice where he can help contribute. Something that is very hard to make a living off of in the NHL.
NHL Comparisons
Patric Hornqvist (Nashville Predators)
Kris Versteeg (Chicago Blackhawks)
Daniel Alfredsson (Detroit Red Wings)
There are only a few noteworthy players to compare Pulkkinen to because, like I said above, it's extremely hard for players to survive in the NHL with this type of skillset. Long gone are the days that all you needed was a hard slap shot to make it in the NHL.
Hornqvist, Versteeg, and Alfredsson have survived because they have slightly adapted their games to find these scoring areas to be successful. For Pulkkinen to follow in their footsteps he needs to do the same. In the AHL he is getting a majority of his goals from two areas: the top of the left and right faceoff circle. Goalies in the NHL are too good to allow goals from that length and angle.
If Pulkkinen can migrate more towards the middle of the ice and have his teammates help him out more by getting traffic in the front of net then he is well on his way to becoming one of the few pure sharp shooters remaining in the league.
Evaluations
RedWingsCentral.com: #7 rated Red Wings' prospect
Hockey'sFuture.com: Potential second-line forward
Being so one-dimensional hurts Pulkkinen at RedWingsCentral.com and I think it's pretty lenient by Hockey'sFuture.com to rate him as a future second-line forward. I see Pulkkinen challenging as a forth possible third-line forward with a key sniper role on the Red Wings' power play when Alfredsson retires.
Unless he develops the other areas of his game drastically, that's really the biggest role I can see Teemu fulfilling with all the other prospects Detroit has waiting in the wings.
Next Season
Pulkkinen is most likely to start the season in the AHL with the Grand Rapids Griffins unless he shocks everybody at the Wings' preseason training camp (and even then he is still likely to be a Griffin). There is just no room on the roster for him this season, at least to start.
Like we saw last year, injuries change everything and that's the only way I see Pulkkinen cracking into the Wings' line-up this upcoming season which is a shame because it's kind of hard to adapt your game to the NHL level if you aren't actually playing in the NHL.
This is the last year Pulkkinen is exempt from waivers and his rookie contract also expires at the end of the season. In other words, time is starting to run out for the Finnish Sniper.
Other Red Wings' Prospect Profiles
Let me know in the comments below which prospect you would like to see profiled next.
If you would like to receive an email notification each time a Detroit Red Wings story is posted you can fill out the Email Notification Form.
You can follow me on Twitter @AEisen13 and while you're at it, follow @isportsweb.
Read more Red Wings rumors, news and opinion on our Detroit Red Wings page.
IN a major political blunder, One Nation has failed to register for the next South Australian election and will not contest any seats.
According to a report in The Australian, One Nation had confirmed it had missed its chance to contest the election, due on March 17, 2018. Leader Pauline Hanson had predicted they would be a major player.
media_camera Pauline Hanson's One Nation missed the deadline to register for the SA election. AAP image John Gass)
Under South Australia's Electoral Act, parties must register six months before a state election to be eligible for consideration and that crucial cut-off was on Friday.
One Nation, which will be a key participant in the Queensland poll, had expected to field “dozens of candidates” and hoped its strong performance in the last year's federal election would give it a bold showing in SA.
But with no One Party candidates, it leaves the door open for Nick Xenophon's new SA Best Party and Cory Bernardi's Australian Conservatives.
A statement on the One Nation website stated: “We are currently not registered to contest territory elections in South Australia, however we would love to.”
The limited event series may have had a soft start when it debuted on very competitive May 14 of NBA playoff games and network finales, but Wayward Pines has made the jump to light speed in Live+3 ratings.With the highest percentage gain of any Fox debut every in time-shifted numbers, the M. Night Shyamalan-directed premiere rose 90% from its Live + Same Day result among adults 18-49 to a 1.9/6 rating. Viewershipwise, the series starring Matt Dillon, Melissa Leo,Carla Gugino, Terrence Howard and Juliette Lewis and based on Blake Crouch's novels went up 65% to 6.2 million.
Wayward Pines' lift among the key demo also left the previous debut Live+3 record this season almost 30% in the dust: The March 17 premiere of The CW's iZombie saw a 63% leap among adults 18-49 once its DVR-fueled Live+3 numbers were tallied. Among other shows on the night Wayward Pines debuted, the closest result to its Live+3 percentage rise was snagged by The Blacklist. Also on at 9 PM like the Fox series, the Season 2 finale of the NBC show saw a 69% lift in the demo from its L+SD numbers.
Oh, and as for those Fox Live+3 records, the previous debut high for the network was the 86% the October 1, 2014 premiere of Enlisted grew. This season, the biggest digital afterlife jumps for Fox were the 55% the Gotham and the Gracepoint, another limited series, debuts went up.
Along with predicting our future behaviors, brain scans can guess when we're about to make a cognitive error, mis-processing a math problem because we're thinking too hard. Like a dashboard widget watching your computer's RAM, brain wave patterns can be used to detect when the brain is approaching its limits of processing power, according to new research.
Federico Cirett at the University of Arizona was studying learning differences among non-native English speakers versus fluent English speakers, and noticed the non-fluent people had more difficulty answering various types of questions. He attached an EEG to volunteers' heads to monitor their brain activity as they solved math problems on the SAT exam, and tried to figure out why they were distracted.
The measurements were correlated with questions about how engaged the students were, their perceived levels of difficulty, and their feelings of frustration, according to the U of A, where Cirett is completing a Ph.D. The subjects were all university students, according to a university news release.
An EEG monitors waves of activity in the brain, and Cirett wrote an algorithm that classifies different types of waves. He examined the students' responses about frustration levels, and came up with a system that can predict how well they'll do on a given problem. Ultimately, within about 20 seconds of starting a problem, Cirett could deduce via students' brain activity whether or not they would get it right, he says. The system works with 80 percent accuracy, much better than chance.
Surely everyone knows how it feels when your brain is overworked — that sense of fuzziness, distraction and slowness that can be the hallmark of an extremely busy Monday. So it makes sense that brain scans could pick up this feeling, noting when your brain is about to be overloaded.
Cirett and his collaborators wrote a paper about their work and will present it at a User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization conference in Montreal in July.
[via IT World]
Where's Bernanke's Inner Volcker?
On the day after an unusually important Fed policy meeting both gold and stocks severely rebuked the central bank's decision to take no action in support of the weak dollar or to curb rapidly growing inflation. Gold spiked $30, a clear message that Bernanke & Co. won't stop inflation. Stocks plunged over 200 points, an equally clear message that the Fed's cheap-dollar inflation is damaging economic growth.
These market warnings are two sides of the same coin. Inflation, which is caused by excess dollar creation, is the cruelest tax of all. It is a tax on consumer and family purchasing power. It is a tax on corporate profits. It is a tax on the value of stocks, homes, and other assets. Crucially, the capital-gains tax -- the most important levy on all wealth-creating assets -- is un-indexed for inflation. Hence, long before Barack Obama or Congress can legislatively raise the capital-gains tax rate, rising inflation is increasing the effective tax rate on real capital gains. That's an economy-wide problem.
By doing nothing at the June 25 meeting the Fed turned its back on the very inflation-tax problem it helped create. The spanking it received from the markets was well deserved.
Former Fed chairman Paul Volcker, who is advising Sen. Obama's presidential campaign, issued a stern warning at the New York Economics Club a few months back. He said inflation is real and the dollar is in crisis. Soon after, Fed head Ben Bernanke changed his tune in public speeches, pledging greater vigilance on inflation and hinting at a defense of the dollar. Treasury man Henry Paulson and President Bush also stepped up their rhetoric regarding a stronger greenback.
But words were no substitute for actions this week.
It is an interesting historical footnote that Paul Volcker is still highly regarded as the greatest inflation fighter of our time. Working with Ronald Reagan, it was Volcker who slew the inflation dragon in the 1980s. Indeed, the combination of tighter monetary control from the Fed and abundant new tax incentives from Reagan launched an unprecedented twenty-five-year prosperity boom characterized by strong growth and rock-bottom inflation. At the center of the boom was a remarkable 12-fold rise in stock market values, a symbol of the renaissance of American capitalism. But that was then and this is now.
Talk of major new tax hikes is in the air today, while the inflationary decline of the American dollar is plain fact. It's as though our economic memory is being erased, both in tax and monetary terms. Staunchly optimistic supply-siders Arthur Laffer and Steve Moore are even finishing a book on the subject. Called The Gathering Economic Storm, its concluding chapter is titled: "The Death of Economic Sanity."
The Volcker anti-inflation model presumably handed down to Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke always argued that price stability is the cornerstone of economic growth. Yet it appears that today's Fed has reverted to a 1970s-style Phillips-curve mentality that argues for a trade-off between unemployment and inflation, rather than the primacy of price stability.
History teaches us otherwise. It states that since rising inflation corrodes economic growth, inflation and unemployment move together -- not inversely. Even in the last 18 months this is proving true. Inflation bottomed around 1 percent in late 2006. Unemployment bottomed at 4.4 percent about 6 months later. Today, the CPI inflation rate has climbed to over 4 percent, wholesale prices have jumped to 7 percent, and import prices have spiked to 18 percent. Unemployment, meanwhile, has moved up to 5.5 percent.
Over the past five years the greenback has lost 40 percent of its value. Oil is close to $140 a barrel. And gold, now trading above $900 an ounce, is warning that if the Fed fails to stop creating excess dollars, inflation could rise to 6 or 7 percent.
I had hoped Ben Bernanke would reveal his inner Volcker at Wednesday's meeting. He didn't. While the Fed acknowledged that "the upside risks to inflation and inflation expectations have increased," it took no action taken to raise the fed funds target rate, which now stands at 2 percent and is actually minus-2 percent adjusted for inflation. Even a quarter-point rate hike -- merely taking back the last easing move in April -- would have been a shot heard 'round the world in defense of the beleaguered dollar. It didn't happen.
Only Richard Fisher, president of the regional Dallas Fed, dissented in favor of a higher target rate. That leaves the hard-money Fisher as the lone remaining protégé of Paul Volcker.
Of course, if Fed policymakers reconvene immediately to right their wrongheaded mistake, the value of our money could be quickly restored. The next scheduled Open Market meeting is August 5, but they needn't wait that long.
Let's hope they come to their senses.
LOS ANGELES – The Los Angeles Kings, the 2012 Stanley Cup Champions, in a joint effort with McDonald's will donate $1 Million to local charities as a special “Thank You” to the city of Los Angeles for its support this past year, the hockey club – including its players – announced this afternoon as part of a news conference at STAPLES Center.
As part of the pledge – which was announced by Kings executives Tim Leiweke and Luc Robitaille along with Kings forward Jarret Stoll, defenseman Matt Greene and goaltender Jonathan Quick -- the Kings Care Foundation will work with the following four local charities to maximize this commitment:
Children's Hospital Los Angeles
Ronald McDonald House Charities of Southern California
Boys and Girls Club of America
City Year Los Angeles
“We feel that it is important to not only make a significant commitment back to our community but to help facilitate a sizeable charitable effort that everybody can get behind -- including our players, our fans and our partners in particular,” said Robitaille.
“Luc Robitaille and the Kings have been strong supporters of our children and families, and we are thrilled with their decision to invest in our partnership in such a significant way,” said Rob Parker, CEO, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Southern California.
To support this commitment, the Kings Care Foundation will spearhead fundraising initiatives in several categories, including special auctions and fan-friendly events.
Among the highlights will be a unique Kings Stanley Cup Championship ring auction. One ring will be auctioned or raffled off for each of the four aforementioned charities, so that our fans can support the cause of their choice, and a fifth ring will be handled and supported by the Kings Care Foundation.
In addition to Stoll and Greene who were at STAPLES Center today along with Quick, Kings players on the whole have stepped up to support the initiative and will be very active in the program. Anze Kopitar and Drew Doughty will donate tickets as part of a special ticket program; captain Dustin Brown will donate money for each on-ice hit as part of a special Hit Tracker; and Quick, the Conn Smythe Trophy winning goalie, will donate $500 per win from his 326 Foundation.
The $1 Million “Thank You” pledge will also provide additional support to key military charities and youth hockey organizations. FOX Sports West and Clear Channel will serve as special media partners.
Russian Strategic Bombers On West Coast: Did They Take Down Los Angeles Air Traffic Control Systems?
May 6th, 2014
SHTFplan.com
Views: Read by 195,627 people
Date: May 6th, 2014
Website: www.SHTFplan.com Copyright Information: Copyright SHTFplan and Mac Slavo. This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.shtfplan.com. Please contact us for permission to reproduce this content in other media formats.
When did American soccer Twitter break?
Was it when Taylor Twellman dropped the bomb that Michael Bradley may be on his way to Toronto FC?
Ready for a blockbuster? I'm hearing @torontofc on the verge of signing Michael Bradley. Would be a huge coup for @MLS and @torontofc #USMNT — Taylor Twellman (@TaylorTwellman) January 8, 2014
Or was it when Alexi Lalas confirmed it?
Just confirmed with a source, M. Bradley move to @torontofc that @TaylorTwellman reported is for real. — Alexi Lalas (@AlexiLalas) January 8, 2014
Whichever it was, American soccer went into a tizzy when the possibility of America's best player (and seriously, don't argue this point because it's not that close) returning to MLS, not for the final few years of his career, but at the age of 26 and five months ahead of the World Cup to boot.
Making matters stranger is that he is being linked to Toronto FC. If he was to return to MLS, most would peg the New York Red Bulls as his destination, the club that signed him at 16 years old. If not there, the Chicago Fire, where he roamed the training fields as a child while his father managed. But Toronto? They're not even in his home country.
Tim Leiweke makes Toronto viable, though. Such is the nature of the man who lured David Beckham and Robbie Keane to Los Angeles before leaving to take over MLSE, which owns TFC. If there is one man capable of making seemingly impossible moves happen, it is him.
Of course, there is no confirmation that Bradley is going to TFC or, if he does, for how long. It could be a six-month loan to keep him fit ahead of the World Cup before he seeks a move elsewhere in the summer or it could be a deal with a reasonable release clause, allowing Bradley to stay as long as he wants, but move back to Europe at a price many teams can afford should he choose to.
Jurgen Klinsmann has shown a lot of faith in MLS players, changing the narrative that MLS's best have to play in Europe. Not only are players like Landon Donovan, Omar Gonzalez, Graham Zusi and Matt Besler rebuffing advances from European clubs, but Clint Dempsey left Europe to play in MLS. Now Bradley could do the same, and it wouldn't hurt his standing with the U.S. one bit.
Nobody would argue that it's better for a player, soccer-wise, to play in Serie A than MLS, especially at AS Roma, but Bradley hasn't been playing there and playing time only figure to get scarcer with the purchase of Radja Nainggolan. Serie A may be better than MLS, but playing in MLS beats riding the bench in Serie A. That's not to say that Bradley's only options are Serie A and MLS because clubs in other leagues would surely show interest in the midfielder, but a move away from Roma has to happen and MLS has proven itself to be a viable option for American national internationals.
At this point, Toronto FC is a better setup for Bradley than Roma. It's better for the national team too and whether the move happens or not, that MLS is a legitimate option for even the best of American players in their prime is pretty fantastic.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Jamal died in hospital hours after the explosion, as Rob Cameron reports
The Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic is killed by an explosion at his home in Prague, in what police say appears to have been an accident.
Jamal al-Jamal died of his injuries in hospital four hours after the blast.
It happened when Mr Jamal tried to open a safe that had been sealed for more than 20 years, officials say.
Czech police have said that the explosion might have been triggered by a safety device fitted to the safe.
"The safe was sitting neglected in one of the areas of the old embassy. No-one had touched it for 20 to 25 years," Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad Malki told the Associated Press news agency.
A 52-year-old woman - believed to be Mr Jamal's wife - was also taken to hospital after the explosion at the diplomat's two-storey property in the city's Suchdol district.
Mr Jamal had only recently moved into the property and Palestinian officials have been quoted as saying that he had been moving the safe from an old embassy building to the new one.
There are no visible signs of damage to the house from the street, according to a Reuters reporter at the scene.
The Palestinian foreign ministry said it would send a delegation to Prague to assist with the investigation.
The Palestinian Liberation Organisation (PLO), which is recognised by the UN and Israel as representing the Palestinian people, has diplomats based in European and other capitals, and has a mission in Prague.
Responsible to proactively support the company's strategic Capital acquisition process and provide ad-hoc Business Unit support. Provide comprehensive financial guidance/oversight from project proposal phase through the benefit realization phase. Performs a wide range of tasks, responds to changes in direction and priorities and accepts new challenges, responsibilities, and assignments.
Cambia Health Solutions Health, Wellness and Fitness
5001-10000 employees
Nonprofit
About us
Cambia Health Solutions is a family of companies headquartered in Portland, Oregon, working to create a person-focused and economically sustainable health care system. Through our health plans, innovative technology and strategic investments, we are delivering consumer-centric solutions that: • help people achieve better health and well-being • make health care more available, affordable and accessible • are easily understood by everyone We put people at the heart of everything we do. Our company reaches more than 70 million Americans nationwide, including more than two million people in the Pacific Northwest who are enrolled in our regional health plans.
See more
Managing user content inside of SharePoint Online is the least favorite work of every administrator I know. While moving one file from Document Library A to Document Library B is not exactly hard, using a mouse to move hundreds of files based on a metadata value is just plain terrible. When that type of job comes up, the only good solution is to use a third-party tool. Not anymore. Thanks to the might of PowerShell and the Patterns and Practices (PNP) PowerShell, you can now write your own script to do the work for you. You can be the office hero.
What You Need
To do this magic without a third-party tool, you need to install the PNP PowerShell. If you are not familiar with these awesome and free tools, then check out my previous article. It will give you some context and walk you through installing PNP. Watching this should only take you 5 minutes. After that, you just need access to the content.
With the official SharePoint Online Management Shell, you have to be a global administrator in Office 365 to make things work. You connect to the tenant and then work down from there. With the PNP PowerShell, you connect at the site collection level and all of the cmdlets are just making web API calls. If you have permissions to copy a file in the browser, you have access with the PNP PowerShell. Pretty cool.
The Magical PowerShell You Came For
In this example, we will look at ways to move, copy, and remove files from SharePoint Online document libraries. If you are more of the watch Shane do it type instead of the reading about it type, you can watch Move SharePoint Online Files with PowerShell.
Get Connected
Open PowerShell by right-clicking on the icon and select Run as Administrator. At the prompt type $me = Get-Credentials . A Windows Security box will pop up. Type the username and password of the SharePoint Online user who has access. Click OK. This step does not validate your password. If you mess up here, you will not find out until the next step. If you do mess up, you can start over at step 2 without issue. (I may be telling you this because I just screwed up.) At the prompt type Connect-PNPOnline -url https : / / MOD746156 . sharepoint . com -credential $me . Remember to use your site collection, not mine for the -URL option.
This will get you connected but it is a pain in the backside. For better password management options, check out Managing Usernames and Passwords with PowerShell for SharePoint Online. This is how the cool kids are doing it.
Create Some Content with Your Browser
No, I am not going to write you instructions for creating two document libraries using your browser. But, I need you to go to the site collection you connected to with your browser and create two document libraries. OldHome and NewHome should be the names. Upload three files to OldHome. Once you are done, we will move the files from OldHome to NewHome. I named my three files Document 1.docx, Document 2.docx, and Document 3.docx because I am very creative. It is important to remember that the files have to have words in them. SharePoint does not like blank files.
Things You Need to Know About Files
There are countless file properties you now have access to with PowerShell but we do not have countless time together. Let's look at a few key things you need to know for this exercise. After we are done, you can go exploring on your own. Tweet me the fun things you find.
Time to run some PowerShell:
1 Get-PnPListItem OldHome
This will show you the files you uploaded. It is normal for the Title to be blank. You can manually add one. You will need to know a valid ID for the next step. If you are following along, 1 will be valid. If you are using existing document libraries, then you may not have a 1. When you upload your first document, it is id 1. If you delete that file, then upload it again, it will be assigned id 2. SharePoint does not reuse IDs. It is possible that you will not have an id 1.
Now assign one of the documents to a variable and look at the properties:
1 2 $cow = get -pnplistitem -id 1 -List OldHome $cow . FieldValues
So much fun there. You can see that they hide the actual filename in FileLeafRef. FileRef contains the full path to the file. This is all information you will need to automate a solution.
Move a Single File
This is not very useful. It is worth noting that the Move cmdlet is available. We do not use this in the script because we are going to introduce some fun with metadata in the next article. It is easier to copy the file, then the metadata, and then delete the original. But that is for another day.
1 2 3 4 $Source = $cow . FieldValues . FileRef $TargetLib = "/NewHome/" $Target = $TargetLib + $cow . FieldValues . FileLeafRef Move -PnPFile -ServerRelativeUrl $Source -TargetUrl $Target -Force
Breaking that down should be pretty easy but here are the details:
$Source is the file we want to move. We are using the FileRef property because it contains the full path to the file that Move-PNPFile needs.
$TargetLib is the path of the document library we want to move the file to. You need both of the / in quotes. I made this a separate variable to make the script easier to update later.
$Target is now the full path and filename you want to move the file to. It is derived by building out the string. If you wanted to change the filename to something like ShaneIsAwesome.docx, you could easily modify the string. Just an idea.
Move-PnPFile is pretty straightforward. We can give thanks to the variables. -Force just keeps you from having to confirm the move.
Copy and Delete All of the Files
This is the same as a move but uses different cmdlets. We covered the reason for this method earlier, which is that we can do even cooler things later. If you want to replace the Copy and Remove cmdlets with Move, have at it. It will not hurt my feelings.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 $Items = Get-PNPListItem -List "OldHome" $TargetLib = "/NewHome/" foreach ( $Item in $Items ) { $source = $item . FieldValues . FileRef $target = $TargetLib + $item . FieldValues . FileLeafRef Copy -PnPFile -SourceUrl $source -TargetUrl $target -Force -ErrorAction Stop Remove-PNPFile -ServerRelativeUrl $source -Force }
Here are a couple of notes from the above PowerShell. Most of it has been covered already:
Everything there is standalone. Running this block without the previous blocks will work.
On the Copy-PnPFile line, the last option is -ErrorAction Stop. If there is an error, this will cause the script to terminate. If the copy fails, the file will not get deleted.
Remove-PnPFile does not put items in the recycle bin. Deleting with PowerShell is forever. Be careful.
Awesome! All of your files have been moved from one document library to the other.
Putting a Bow on It
While this example is not exactly exciting, it does provide a great foundation. From here, you could build out the script to only move files based on a specific metadata value or copy the files and the metadata. This would allow you to retain to modify date and user. The sky is the limit and that is the beauty of PowerShell.
The idea for this script actually came from a customer request. Michael, from New York, worked with Bold Zebras to sort a very large document library into many smaller document libraries based on some of the metadata. With his script, we ended up with Try Catch blocks, some CAML, and a bunch of other chaos. I decided not to overrun this article with all of that. If you ever need help with scripts like this, we are always happy to help.
Shane
Microsoft Cloud YouTube Channel
Newsworthy? Determining the Importance of Protests on Wall Street
Enlarge this image toggle caption Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images
Updated 9/26 4:20 p.m.
NPR hasn't aired a story on the "Occupy Wall Street" protest — now entering its second week — but several of you aired your concerns about the lack of coverage, and Ralph Nader called to say NPR is ignoring the left.
"You'll cover the Tea Party, but god forbid you actually cover sane Americans demanding civilized economic policy," wrote Brad Nolen from Mobile, AL.
NPR.org included a stream of Associated Press stories on the subject such as Dozens Arrested At 'Occupy Wall Street' Protest, 80 People Arrested At 'Occupy Wall Street' Protest, and Protesters Vow To Camp Near Wall St. Indefinitely.
But the online posts were not enough for Daniel Clay from Atlanta, GA, who wrote, "Does NPR think this is unimportant? Are you going to wait for someone to die or commit serious violence before you give it the attention it deserves?"
We asked the newsroom to explain their editorial decision. Executive editor for news Dick Meyer came back: "The recent protests on Wall Street did not involve large numbers of people, prominent people, a great disruption or an especially clear objective."
As ombudsman, I don't weigh in on daily news judgment unless its totally egregious or part of a long term trend, and this one is neither. But the complaints have validity, too.
Nader's complaint is a broader one about how much he and other progressive war horses of his generation are interviewed on NPR in comparison to Tea Party leaders and the like. Nader is no longer the political player he once was and the left is not as organized as in the past. See this New York Times article that ran yesterday. Still, I do want to follow whether the left is being shortchanged in coverage.
Feel free to share your thoughts, and we'll make sure that they get to the newsroom.
PM Malcolm Turnbull says young Indigenous Australians who are part of the 'ideas boom' will help close the gap.
THIS is Australia in 2017. Possibly the most multicultural and egalitarian nation on earth.
Yet more than two centuries after colonisation and 50 years since Aboriginal people won full citizenship there is still one profession that no indigenous person has ever gotten into, one job that no indigenous Australian has ever had.
That is, until now.
Meet Anthony Murray. He is about to make history. And until last year he didn't even know he was doing it.
Almost 230 years since the landing of the First Fleet, Anthony is set to break into what is widely regarded as the toughest branch of the most exclusive profession. He will become Australia's first indigenous orthopedic surgeon.
Orthopedic surgeons are the marines of the medical world, the surgeon's surgeon. Some even title themselves “Mr” instead of “Dr” — a quaint reverse snobbery dating back to the time when physicians looked down on surgeons as “bone crunchers”. These days, after 16 years of intensive training, many deliberately keep the “Mr” to remind other doctors just how the tables have turned. It is perhaps the ultimate humblebrag.
Dr Murray, however, needs no such faux modesty. There has literally never been anybody else like him. No other indigenous man or woman has ever made it into this elite set.
Only two fellows of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons currently identify as being of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Island descent. This is out of 4800 surgeons currently practising in Australia.
Last week Dr Murray and another trainee, who is working in New Zealand to become an otologist, won the RACS Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander SET Trainee One Year Scholarship — an event that went almost entirely unreported, despite its catchy title.
Once Dr Murray completes his training to become an orthopedic surgeon he will have smashed through what is arguably the highest — not to mention palest — glass ceiling in the land.
He estimates thousands of people each year apply for the general surgical exam, which most fail, and after that there is another barrier exam for orthopedics which “multiple hundreds” sit for and only around 50 pass.
“I'm 11 years into a 16 year trek,” he tells news.com.au. “And that's the fastest you can do it!”
And yet it was only last year that his colleagues at the Australian Indigenous Doctors Association figured out he would be the first Aboriginal person to ever achieve it.
“To hear I would be the first, I was gobsmacked,” he says. “It just boggles the mind.”
Gobsmacked not because he thought he was remarkable, but because he couldn't believe that after more than two centuries there was still a profession that no indigenous person had ever entered.
“I wear it as a badge of honour but also as a sad realisation of how long it's taken for this to become a reality at all.”
Even in the field of surgery as a whole Dr Murray can count on the fingers of one hand the number of other indigenous doctors. Again, literally on one hand.
Yet Dr Murray himself almost fell into it by accident. At 18, he dropped out of medical school and ended up playing club AFL footy, but as fate would have it, he smashed his knee. As he went through the treatment to fix it, he realised he liked the orthopedic surgeons he was meeting and admired their ability to so quickly transform people's lives.
With eye-watering discipline, he returned to medical school and banned himself from a mobile phone or even a laptop in an effort to focus entirely on his study.
“I'm not a natural student,” he says. God help the rest of us then.
At seven foot tall and 130 kilograms Dr Murray says he hasn't personally encountered any racism in the medical profession — “I don't think too many people would say too much to me!” In fact he has been overwhelmed by the level of support.
However he has sometimes heard hospital staff use disparaging stereotypes about Aboriginal patients, whereupon he gently informs them that he is indigenous himself. Again, being seven foot and 130kg, this is “a good shut up” he laughs.
True, even two centuries later Australia still has a fractured relationship with its first peoples. But, as every good surgeon knows, even the worst breaks can be mended.
For burger lovers in The Heights, the waiting for one of the neighborhood's most eagerly anticipated new restaurants is almost over. Bernie's Burger Bus will open its location at 2200 Yale Street on July 31.Almost two years in the making, the Heights location of the food truck-turned-restaurant applies the lessons learned at the Bellaire and Katy locations to make it the most fully-realized version of chef-owner Justin Turner's concept. Of course, all of the classic Bernie's burgers and fries are present and accounted for. The Study Hall, a pork belly-topped burger inspired by the McRib that's an off-menu favorite, has returned. Bernie's recently-launched breakfast menu and an all-new lineup of chicken sandwiches will also be available from day one.The Heights location sets itself apart from its siblings in a number of ways, starting with a full bar (dubbed "The Teacher's Lounge"), which will feature boozy milkshakes, frozen cocktails, and bourbon cocktails developed by local bartender Linda Salinas (Anvil, Upstairs at Hungry's, La Grange). Beer and wine will also be available.
In a major decision on child support, the Alaska Supreme Court stopped a Parnell administration effort against tribal rights that lingered during Gov. Bill Walker's reign.
The court ruled unanimously Friday in a case going back to the beginning of the decade that tribes have authority over child support. The court directed the state to enforce tribal support orders like it does those issued by other states, even if one of the parents isn't a tribal member.
The decision written by Chief Justice Dana Fabe backs the authority of the Central Council of the Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska in hundreds of child support cases. It recognizes tribal jurisdiction over child support as a fundamental area of control, one that matters to the lives of children.
The case was the latest in a series of court battles from the Parnell years and earlier concerning tribal authority over the children of tribal members.
Every other state already recognizes and enforces tribal child support orders, according to the National Association of Tribal Child Support Directors, which filed a brief in support of the Tlingit and Haida Tribes.
"Child support orders are a pillar of domestic relations and are directly related to the well-being of the next generation," the Alaska Supreme Court order said.
In 2010, the Central Council successfully sued the state to force it to help with enforcement. The Supreme Court opinion upholds the 2011 ruling against the state by Juneau Superior Court Judge Philip Pallenberg, in which he said that ensuring child support "may be the same thing as ensuring that those children are fed, clothed and sheltered."
"I look at this case as a vestige of the Parnell administration," said Erin Dougherty Lynch, an Anchorage-based lawyer with the Native American Rights Fund who represented the national tribal child support group in the case. "But I also have high hopes that it ends here and it is not appealed to the United States Supreme Court."
By the time Walker took office in December 2014, legal briefs had already been filed and lawyers had already presented oral arguments before the Supreme Court. On Monday the state was still reviewing the 48-page ruling, but indicated the matter was now settled.
"Tribal child support authority has been in various stages of litigation since 2001. This decision will provide some much-needed certainty in this area," the Walker administration said in a written response to questions.
The state has wrestled with tribal jurisdiction over child custody and child support for decades, sometimes taking a tribe's side and sometimes fighting it.
"The State's position on the nature and extent of tribal sovereignty has waxed and waned depending upon the politics of the day," Justice Daniel Winfree wrote in a separate concurring opinion in the child support case.
Since the 2011 Juneau Superior Court ruling, the state and the Central Council of Tlingit and Haida have worked together, and that will continue, the state said.
Creative orders
State cooperation is especially important in tribal cases because state governments have powers that tribes do not. Only a state can go after a parent's income tax refund, for instance. Tlingit and Haida negotiated an agreement with the state of Washington to do that. But other mechanisms require help from the state of Alaska, such as going after a reluctant parent's driver's license, Permanent Fund dividend or unemployment payment.
While states have additional enforcement tools, tribes can be more creative in their support orders than state courts and administrative agencies such as the Alaska Child Support Services Division.
Tribes can order a non-custodial parent to cut wood, help a child make tribal regalia or teach a Native language, said Lynch of the Native American Rights Fund.
Tribes try to make their orders achievable, but they also put a dollar value on the work that states can then use as a basis for getting money from parents who don't follow through, she said.
"They are very much for the benefit of the child. The court is really looking at keeping parents involved and active in the child's life," she said.
Central Council of Tlingit and Haida in 2007 began running the state's first federally funded tribal child support program after years of preliminary work.
The U.S. Justice Department jumped into the court case, as did the national tribal child support group. The federal child support program needs states, tribes and the federal government to work together and recognize each other's court orders.
"Alaska's blanket refusal to address the Tribe's child support orders reduces the impact and undermines the effectiveness of the federal support for the Tribe," the Justice Department said.
Around the country, about 60 federally funded tribal programs are in place. So far only two are in Alaska, the Central Council's and one run by the Aleutian Pribilof Islands Association, which says its goal is to help parents support "their children emotionally, socially, and economically using a holistic and flexible approach."
"It's been a while coming," Jessie Archibald, manager of the Central Councils tribal child support unit, said Monday of the decision from the state's high court.
State resistance
To ensure smooth handling of child support orders from other states -- or from tribes -- every state has passed similar legislation, the Uniform Interstate Family Support Act, a necessary step to get federal administrative aid.
But Alaska's version for years didn't include tribes within its definition of a state, according to the Supreme Court decision. Twice in 2008, the state of Alaska petitioned the federal government to let it exclude tribes, saying that tribal court orders from states with reservations or other forms of Indian country were covered under a different law. Only when the state was warned that its failure could cost it $60 million in federal money for child support and welfare was Alaska's law changed, according to the Justice Department. And even then, the state refused to enforce Central Council's tribal court orders until the 2011 ruling.
The state had argued it would be challenging to work with different tribes, which might have different approaches to child support, and hard to modify tribal support orders.
That doesn't matter, the Supreme Court ruled.
"Our decisions exploring the retained inherent self-governance powers of Alaska tribes contain no suggestion that the burden on state agencies associated with recognizing tribal authority is part of the analysis," the opinion said.
The Supreme Court is weighing a thorny issue that often bedevils lawmakers on Capitol Hill: how to define corruption.
In reviewing the conviction of former Va. Gov. Bob McDonnell (R), the justices are delving into the broader question of where the ethical lines should be drawn for public officials.
ADVERTISEMENT
After oral arguments on Wednesday, it appeared the justices might toss out McDonnell's conviction and set new limits on bribery laws to differentiate a routine duty done on behalf of a business benefactor from government actions persuaded by money and/or gifts.
The justices expressed concern about how far federal prosecutors could go if McDonnell's conviction were upheld. There's ambiguity in the law, they suggested. Is sharing a bottle of wine corrupt? How about fishing with a businessman?
“If a senator writes to a federal agency and says, this union or this company is, you know, critical to the economy of my state, and, by the way — he doesn't say this, but, by the way, they are the biggest contributors to his campaign — would you please meet with them? What would not make that a crime?” Justice Samuel Alito asked.
Many lawmakers, while not addressing the accusations against McDonnell, agree that the ethical lines for public officials can be fuzzy.
Unless he's on a trip, Rep. Trent Franks Harold (Trent) Trent FranksArizona New Members 2019 Cook shifts 8 House races toward Dems Freedom Caucus members see openings in leadership MORE (R-Ariz.) told The Hill he's reluctant to even reimburse himself for gas.
“I take my own truck and just pay for it and in that alone there are questions,” he said. “They say, well, are you contributing to your own campaign? So you're kind of danged if you do, danged if you don't, but many times I don't reimburse myself if there's any way I can say well, this was partly for personal, too.”
Franks said lawmakers are keenly aware that one wrong move can make them the target of ethics investigations.
“That's one of the greatest injustices to be accused of something or successfully prosecuted for something when you honestly did not know where the line was,” Franks said. “That's something all of us are concerned about.”
Solomon Wisenberg, a defense attorney who specialized in white-collar crimes, said interactions between donors and politicians are part of the political system.
“It's very common and literally happens every single day, dozens of times,” he said. “What donors want is access and an ear. Under the facts of this case there is not much evidence that McDonnell gave anything more than that.”
The former Republican governor and his wife, Maureen, were convicted on 11 counts of fraud for having accepted more than $175,000 in gifts and loans from Jonnie Williams Sr., an executive at the dietary supplement company Star Scientific. The gifts included $15,000 for their daughter's wedding reception, the use of William's Ferrari and a Rolex watch.
“What this comes down to is you have to make laws unequivocal and understandable, especially a law that you can put someone in jail over,” said Stephen Klein, an attorney at the Pillar of Law Institute, a nonprofit interest firm that's focused on protecting citizens' free speech from regulatory overreach.
“I certainly understand in a general sense why people think what Bob McDonnell did is corrupt, but that doesn't excuse vague law.”
Sen. Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in his honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation his version of power grab MORE (R-Utah) said the Supreme Court should overturn McDonnell's conviction.
“Frankly I hope the court establishes once and for all that politics are politics and you better stay out of them and quit trying to make them what they shouldn't be.” he said.
Hatch disagreed with the notion that corruption laws are too vague, and saidsenators are told very clearly what they can and can't do.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), a former federal U.S. attorney, said bribery cases are difficult to prove even when the prosecutor knows the defendant is guilty. Still, that's going to be true no matter what the language in the statute is, he said.
“There's always room for improvement in laws, but I think they are pretty clear in forbidding certain lines of payments for benefits to a public official,” he said. “I would say they perhaps should be clarified, but not on the basis of one case.”
Today brother Isaac and Ismail Degani, the incredible founders of SnapJet join Art of the Kickstart and unveils exactly what it takes to create a success startup in the competitive space of technology. We talk family dynamics, founder cooperation and dig deep into why doers also outperform talkers. Hope you enjoy this bad ass brother duo and their Kickstarter success story!
Key Crowdfunding Takeaways
What it's like building a business with your brother
How entrepreneurs need to ask for help
The difference between doers and talker
How to know when to fully commit to a business idea
Why you should prototype and test before quitting
How founders come to agreements that lead towards success
Why there is no better market validator than crowdfunding
The best way to build and manufacture a complex tech product
How to overcome the challenges of hardware creation
The reason you should shop around for manufacturing
Why entrepreneurs need to dive right in to discover how to build a business
When to partner and hire freelancers
Why working around other entrepreneurs is incredibly important
Why access to prototyping is critical for efficiency
Success Quotes
Do as much as you can. Learn as much as you can.”
Links
Influential Books
[one-half-first][/one-half-first][one-half] [/one-half] [clear-line]
Connect with Isaac and Ismail
Another Awesome Kickstarter Creator
BrushLogger with Art of the Kickstart entrepreneur David Espinoza
Blue Eagle Labs 3D Printer
Love the Show? Leave us a Review
[clear-line]
Our Sponsor
Sep 20th 2011, 11:39 by B.R.
WILFRIED VANHONACKER explains that it was one of the more difficult admissions decisions he has had to make. The dean of Skolkovo Moscow School of Management, perhaps Russia's only internationally recognised business school, was considering two candidates for his executive MBA programme. Background checks had shown that they were both members of large crime families.
He initially recoiled. “My natural reaction was to think about the headlines in the New York Times or Economist,” he says. “But it rather made the point: if you want to prepare executives to function in Russia, this is the reality.” And so both were accepted. The dean says that they will bring an interesting perspective to the class, although, at least half jokingly, he worries about the first time he has to give either a bad grade.
Skolkovo celebrated its fifth anniversary over the weekend with a flying visit from Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's president and chairman of the school's advisory board. In that time it has moved three times, only settling this year into its permanent home in an enterprise zone just outside the capital.
The school unabashedly takes a different perspective from its Western counterparts. The ambition is to prepare entrepreneurs to function in what Mr Vanhonacker describes as “difficult economies”—particularly Russia, but also India, China and Brazil. Getting by in these countries, he says, sometimes means coming to terms with institutional gaps, limited availability of talent and graft.
There is no ethical proselytising. Unlike many Western schools, Skolkovo does not harbour “rather arrogant ambitions” to change Russia's business environment. When one of Mr Vanhonacker's American students, who had been sent to complete a project in a “difficult” region, phoned him to express horror at the business environment she had encountered, he told her she was simply learning a practical lesson that would stand her in good stead in her career. “Western schools focus on knowledge,” he says. “We focus on how to get things done.”
Around half of the students on the full-time MBA programme are foreigners, many from other “difficult economies”. The debates between the outsiders and local students on Russian business values can be lively. But it is perhaps enlightening that some foreign alumni have gone on to start successful firms in Russia. Indeed, around half of all of the students on the MBA programme set up their own companies. The dean says that when they do, nothing scares them. They have already seen it all.
The school was set up with the backing of Vladimir Putin and with donations from a handful of Russia's oligarchs, including Roman Abramovich. By not openly challenging the country's business environment, it leaves itself open to the accusation that it is helping to prop up a system that has served its masters well. But the dean insists that Skolkovo is not a cornerstone of the status quo. Although it enjoys strong political support from Russia's rulers, he says it has refused to accept cash from Mr Putin. Furthermore, much of the funding, he says, comes from straightforward entrepreneurs, not just the wealthy elite.
With only a handful of exceptions, business schools from outside Europe and North America have failed to make an impact on the world stage. When the best students from developing countries decide where to take an MBA, heading west remains the ambition of many—even when they intend to return home to work. Yet, for those keen on a career in one of Mr Vanhonacker's difficult economies, it might be that those well versed in the dark arts of business will hold an advantage. Whether you approve of Skolkovo's approach perhaps comes down to whether you believe that it is a business school's purpose to preach ethics, or to furnish students with the skills to become effective managers.
Poll: Should business schools be prepared to teach MBAs shady business practices in order to work effectively in difficult economies? Vote here
DETROIT (WWJ) – Police and officials with Detroit Public Schools are looking for a man who they say has exposed himself a number of times to female students.
According to police, the man — described as being in his mid 40's, bald, with a dark complexion and a mustache and a full salt-and-pepper beard — parks his truck at a corner on school routes. When a student crosses the street, police say that's when he exposes himself.
The man has been seen with and without a salt and pepper beard, and in some incidents is completely nude. Other times he was wearing a white “wife-beater” tank top without pants, police said. He's also said to have “darker lips” and a grayish tint to the white part of his eyes.
The suspect has approached young girls who were walking to school in the following areas: Lyndon and Sussex, Puritan and Cloverlawn, Pinehurst and W. McNichols, Glendale and Grandmont, and Chicago and Wyoming.
The subject's vehicle is a 2000's green Dodge Ram pick-up truck. It has been seen both with and without a green cap on the bed and may have “4×4″written on the rear of the bed.
Police said he's wanted on charges of indecent exposure. None of the girls were physically harmed.
Anyone who recolonizes the suspects or who has information about any of these incidents is asked to call police.
Gabriel Barbosa has made four appearances for Brazil.
Reported Chelsea, Barcelona and Juventus target Gabriel Barbosa has hinted he could be set to leave Santos by saying "soon you will know something."
Barbosa, 19, scored on Saturday as Santos beat Ponte Preta to take his tally in the current Brazilian season to five goals in 10 appearances.
He told a postmatch news conference: "I played as if it was my last game here. Soon you will know something."
To add to speculation about his future the Brazil international posted an Instagram picture of himself kissing the Santos badge, alongside the message: "My heart is Alvinegro and it will always beat for you. Santos are my life. I will love you until death."
" Meu coração é alvinegro , e bate forte por você .. Santos você é minha vida , eu te amarei até morrer " A photo posted by Gabriel Barbosa (@gabigol) on Jul 16, 2016 at 4:55pm PDT
Santos recently announced Barbosa had agreed a contract extension till 2021, a move that teenager refuted.
"No, there is still no agreement. The president ended up talking, but there is nothing confirmed," Barbosa told Globe Esporte.
"We are just talking. My parents and my representatives are talking. They have some things to discuss. I have proposals, too, but there's nothing confirmed yet.
"I need to talk with my parents and my representatives. We are talking and we are going to resolve it slowly."
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
Twitter suspended Azealia Banks' account after she tweeted accusations and racially-charged remarks to Zayn Malik and 14-year-old Disney star Skai Jackson on Wednesday.
The incident started when she called out former One Direction member Malik in an Instagram post, insinuating he drew heavily from her music video for one of his own. She then tweeted at Zayn during an exchange, calling him a “curry scented b—-” (Malik is of Pakistani descent), and directed a stream of inappropriate tweets at Jackson, who got involved by telling her to “simmer down.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Attempting to visit Banks' Twitter profile on Thursday morning brought users to this page, which says the account has been suspended. A Twitter spokesperson declined to comment to TIME about the individual account, citing privacy reasons. In addition to spam or account security at risk, Twitter explains here how it will suspend a user for “Abusive Tweets or behavior.”
Following Banks' posts, the Rinse FM's Born & Bred Festival in London announced it had cancelled her upcoming headline performance. Meanwhile, an internet campaign was brewing to get Banks' Twitter account suspended.
Write to Julia Zorthian at julia.zorthian@time.com.
Serious businesses use Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and its near-twin brother CentOS for their servers. The question today for CIOs using or RHEL and CentOS is: When should they upgrade to RHEL 7.1 and/or CentOS 7.1?
RHEL 7.1 is the first minor release of RHEL 7, which launched in June 2014. This new version adds improved development and deployment tools, enhanced interoperability and manageability, and additional security and performance features. This release, like all RHEL versions, will be supported for a 10-year life-cycle.
The most important new feature for shops running Linux and Windows is that RHEL 7.1 has improved its Active Directory (AD) interoperability. RHEL's System Security Services Daemon (SSSD) can recognize AD access control group policy objects. Administrators will now also be able to define log-in policies on the Active Directory domain controller. These policies are honored by its RHEL clients and Windows clients alike. The new SSSD also removes the need to use Samba Winbind when integrating directly with AD. This will, Red Hat states, makes it even easier to share files and print services in heterogeneous environments.
RHEL 7.1 also comes with new Linux container developer tools. Red Hat, which has recently partnered with Docker, includes the latest Docker packages. It's not just Docker, it also includes Google Kubernetes orchestration tools. It also includes RHEL 6 and 7 base images to provide certified, stable foundations upon which to build enterprise-grade containerized applications.
RHEL 7.1 includes three new specialized editions:
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Atomic Host uses Project Atomic's tools and frameworks for a Docker container specific Linux server. This offers a minimal-footprint, streamlined platform for running Linux containers in an enterprise environment.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux for Real Time is Red Hat's real-time computing platform for deadline-oriented and time-sensitive applications. This version of RHEL 7.1 uses that has been tuned to deliver consistent low-latency response times.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux for Power is RHEL for IBM's little-endian architecture. IBM and Red Hat claims that RHEL running on POWER8 offers higher performance especially for big data applications through multi-threading, more cache and greater data bandwidth, while little-endian mode removes an application portability barrier and allows data-centers running Power Systems to leverage Red Hat's ecosystem of certified applications originally developed for x86 architecture. This also means that these certified applications can be more easily migrated between x86-based and POWER processor-based systems, giving customers the advantages of both architectures.
For those of you who don't need Red Hat support to run RHEL and its programs, CentOS is on the verge of releasing CentOS 7.1. If all goes well, CentOS 7.1 will be out by March 20.
So when should you switch your company to RHEL or CentOS 7.1? As always, it depends on your needs. If your company workload is already being pulled by the two horses of RHEL and Windows, the improved AD integration makes RHEL 7.1 attractive. Is your business planning on moving to containers for its data-center apps sooner than later? Then, you should start working with the 7.1 releases sooner rather than later.
Related Stories:
We're in the dead of summer, even before the back-to-school sales, and the B.C. teachers' strike has been going on quietly, behind the scenes. So it seemed odd when Finance Minister Mike de Jong announced his subsidy of $40 a day per child to parents of children 13 or younger, if the strike actually carries on into September.
The Fraser Institute's Plan to Undercut Public Schools read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Reportedly the offer could offset the costs of child care, or tutoring, or finding online courses. Or maybe beer and popcorn for the parents as a consolation for spending unpaid quality time with their kids.
Whatever the impromptu baby bonus might be for, it's scant compensation for missed days or weeks of school. It also offers an insight into the way the BC Liberals think about government in general and education in particular.
On the face of it, de Jong's announcement seemed like one of those performance-art stunts that right-wing governments are so fond of, like ending the long-form census. They're not responding to a popular demand, just expressing amused contempt for their adversaries.
It's certainly not a serious proposal. Good luck finding child care on short notice when everyone else is too, and what parent can judge a tutor's qualifications? For that matter, what parent would allow a stranger to be alone at home with their kids while Mom and Dad are working?
The money, an estimated $12 million a day, would come from what the government would save while the teachers are on strike. Much of it would likely go unspent and return silently to the government's general revenues, when it could have been stashed in a bank and earning interest for the education budget.
Return of a zombie idea
So why do it?
One reason, I suspect, is partly to give the teachers a poke in the eye for old times' sake, an opportunity the BC Liberals have never missed since Premier Christy Clark was appointed the party's first education minister in 2001.
But another reason may be to resurrect a zombie idea that should have died in the 1980s and '90s: the school voucher.
Public schools were under attack in those days too, by conservatives who said we couldn't compete with the Japanese (in the 1950s they said we couldn't compete with the Soviets).
The conservatives shut up when the Japanese economy tanked, but never gave up their argument: for real excellence in education, give parents money to spend on their children's education wherever they see fit.
The premise was that in a free market, good schools will drive out bad. Armed with real spending power, parents will pull their kids out of bad or mediocre schools and put them into excellent schools -- ideally, charter schools running without tedious unionized teachers and staff, and offering a more business-oriented curriculum.
The idea caught on to some extent. You could argue that B.C.'s current subsidy to independent schools is a kind of voucher, payable directly to the school when the child enrols. But those schools still have to meet B.C. curriculum standards.
Overall, however, everywhere from Sweden to Louisiana to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, vouchers have flopped and the public system, warts and all, continues to dominate.
Immunity to experience
Still, conservatives are, like Scott Fitzgerald's middle-aged matron, "preserved into another generation by good digestion and immunity to experience." They continue to endorse vouchers despite their manifest failure; that's the definition of a zombie idea.
Vouchers, like collectivizing the peasants or running backyard blast furnaces, are an ideologically driven concept. Without a shred of evidence, ideologies make assertions about human nature and the ideal human society, and then plunge ahead to make that society real.
In the case of North American conservative ideology, the assertion is that the human being is primarily a consumer, perfectly informed and making rational choices about which goods and services to consume. A corollary is that this consumer has no relationship to other consumers except as a competitor. If I must beggar my neighbour to acquire more and better stuff, too bad for my neighbour.
While conservatives have to put up with the forms of democratic process, they can expedite their ideal society by limiting the process -- setting out only a narrowly defined set of alternatives for the voters to choose. They have achieved remarkable success since the 1970s in doing so, using think-tanks, media relations and cooperative politicians to create right-wing agendas that even left-wing parties have to pay lip service to. We are even reduced to defending education as an "investment," as if it were a business venture instead of a simple social good.
The 40-buck precedent
In the present situation, Clark's and de Jong's 40-buck solution looks like a possible precedent for bringing back vouchers: giving parents their kids' per capita operating costs and letting them spend it anywhere. Never mind the capital expenditures or fixed costs -- no one thinks about them, and once the kids are committed to a school those extra costs can come out of the parents' pockets.
If they regard government as a barely necessary evil, conservatives who gain power can reduce the evil by reducing expectations of government services. So they save "hard-working taxpayers' dollars" by cutting taxes and thereby cutting services.
The taxpayers may have a few extra bucks in their pocket, but they'll have to spend far more to buy the privatized equivalent of services they once enjoyed. Pretty soon no one will even remember when government used to run a good postal service, or enforce environmental protection, or provide a solid, universal public school system.
In the case of public education, at least, this really amounts to a "category error" in the conservatives' ideology. They think job training is the whole and only purpose of education, and anything else is a "frill."
They're also unclear on the beneficiaries. They think education is a subsidy paid to parents who want their children to gain a competitive edge for the cut-throat world of the free market. (The media endorse this view by harping on inconvenienced parents during a teachers' strike.) Getting the parents' votes by paying them a $40 subsidy is a cost of doing business as a self-dismantling government.
In reality, public education is a cost of doing business as a sustainable democratic society. It has nothing to do with parents except that they too want to bequeath such a society to their children. The purpose is not simply to teach the skills demanded by the current market, plus an obedient frame of mind; that's actually the responsibility of employers, who are the welfare-queen beneficiaries of the present system.
Trying to divide parents and teachers
The real purpose of public education is to equip young people with the skills, knowledge, and mindset needed to assume control of the country itself. They are the citizen-proprietors of Canada, not cheaply trained employees. If they are currently alienated from the democratic political process, they are like shareholders bamboozled into letting management run wild while ignoring their best interests.
In immediate political terms, the BC Liberals' bamboozling seems to be based on isolating B.C. teachers. As those with the greatest interest in smoothly running public schools, parents have tended to support the BCTF, and most are aware that the B.C. Supreme Court has twice upheld the teachers' position on their breached contracts of 2002 and 12 years of deliberate underfunding.
But Christy Clark and her finance minister seem to think that 40 bucks a day for babysitting (or popcorn and beer) will pry parents away from the teachers. Hey, when it's ideology, it doesn't have to make sense.
Down below video documentary" The New World Order - Secret Societies and The Matrix Of Control" presenting a detailed and complete 6000-year history of the New World Order and the Illuminati.
Documentary covers the steps that have been taken over thousands of years to consolidate power and control of the world. We see various aspects of this, but many do not understand just how far reaching and complete these connections between groups are and therefor cannot see the true evil that is surrounding us.
World leaders are chosen. The elites have protected their money in ways the common man never can, and what we are experiencing not just in America, but around the world is a well laid out plan to create ultimate chaos to cause mankind to want a solution to the world problems.
Includes the history of the Secret Societies, Ancient Beliefs and the Matrix of Control that has shaped human history for thousands of years. Also includes for the first time, a documented history of the true birth of the Illuminati and finally, its affect on the world today.
Engineer, ex-NASA scientist and inventor Lonnie Johnson has come up with something that could truly be revolutionary–a device capable of doubling the efficiency of today's solar panels, by harnessing heat gain to produce electricity. It is called the Johnson Thermoelectric Energy Converter (JTEC).
The machine contains no moving parts, and works by splitting hydrogen atoms into protons and electrons, thereby producing electricity. The JTEC system utilizes the electro-chemical potential of hydrogen pressure as applied to a proton conductive membrane, which, along with a pair of electrodes, form a Membrane Electrode Assembly (MEA) similar to those used in fuel cells. One MEA stack is coupled to a high-temperature heat source and the other to a low temperature heat sink. Hydrogen circulates within the engine between the two MEA stacks via a counter-flow regenerative heat exchanger, allowing it to approximate the Ericsson cycle.
Johnson sees widespread applications for the technology, as it could utilize heat from fuel combustion, solar, low grade industrial waste heat or waste heat from other power generation systems including fuel cells, internal combustion engines and combustion turbines. It could even be used as a heat pump, generating electricity for homes while moderating indoor air temperatures.
It sounds good, of course, but is it for real? According to Red Ferret, several other Palo Alto Research Center scientists set up three-dimensional computer models to analyze fluid and heat-flow behavior in the JTEC under different conditions, and came away from those experiments impressed. Johnson needs now the funding to develop this cleantech wonder. If you're interested in donating to the cause, you're invited to make use of the PayPal button on Johnson's website.
Like what you are reading? Follow us on RSS, Twitter and Facebook to learn more and join the green technology discussion. Have a story idea or correction for this story you are reading? Drop us a line through our contact form.
In a report, published in journal PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases, the authors claimed that the illness, called Chagas Disease, has similarities to the early spread of HIV.
Like HIV, it is also difficult to detect and can take years for symptoms to emerge, the authors said.
Chagas is also known as American trypanosomiasis, because the bugs carry single-celled parasites called trypanosomes. Their best-known relative, spread by tsetse flies in Africa, causes sleeping sickness, they said.
Chagas is estimated to be infecting up to eight million people in the hemisphere, mostly in Bolivia, Mexico, Colombia and Central America.
But more than 300,000 of the infected live in the US, many of them immigrants, The New York Times reported.
The disease, according to authors many of whom are from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, can be transmitted from mother to child or by blood transfusion. About a quarter of its victims eventually will develop enlarged hearts or intestines, which can fail or burst, causing sudden death, the researchers warned.
Treatment for the potentially life-threatening disease involves harsh drugs taken for up to three months and works only if the disease is caught early, they noted.
The drugs are not as expensive as AIDS drugs, but there are shortages in poor countries, and as it's a disease of the poor, little money is spent on finding new treatments, they pointed out.
"Both diseases are highly stigmatising," the authors said and expressed fear that immigrants may not get medical treatment making Chagas more likely to spread.
Mega Man Battle Network: Mod Card Kit v1.0
Supported versions
Game Japanese North American European [/td] Mega Man Battle Network 4 Yes Yes Yes Mega Man Battle Network 5 Yes Yes Yes Mega Man Battle Network 6 Yes No No
Features
All card interface text has been fully translated into English.
Multi-region support: each card works on both the English and Japanese versions of the game.
Cards can be saved to the e-Reader's memory so you can scan them in an emulator, transfer your save back to your e-Reader and use the cards on your physical games.
And of course, the cards are open source, so you can tinker with all the text and graphics if you want to.
How to use
.raw
Gather a Nintendo DS or Nintendo DS Lite, a North American e-Reader and a SLOT-1 flash card that is capable of running homebrew. Download the GBA Backup Tool v0.21 homebrew and extract it to the microSD card of your flash card. Start up your Nintendo DS and run GBA Backup Tool. Insert the e-Reader into SLOT-2, and press the A button. The e-Reader should be detected with the game title CARDE_READER PSAE 00 . Press R twice to switch to ROM Backup mode. Press B, then A to dump the e-Reader ROM to the flash card's microSD card. Repeat steps 4 - 7 for any Mega Man Battle Network games that you want to transfer e-Cards to.
Download and run the No$gba emulator (gaming version).
Go to Options , then Emulation Setup , and set the Number of Emulated Game Boys to 2 . Make sure Link Cable Type is set to Automatic , then click OK . Go to File , then Cartridge menu (FileName) . Make sure that Autostart Cartridge is checked, and set the dropdown menu beside it to All machines . Navigate to your Mega Man Battle Network ROM and open it. Go to File , then Cartridge menu (FileName) . Set the dropdown beside Autostart Cartridge to 2nd machine . Navigate to the e-Reader ROM and open it. Go to File , then Load e-Reader Dotcode . Navigate to the e-Card that you want to scan and open it. In the e-Reader menu, choose Scan Card . The e-Card will be scanned and loaded. In Mega Man Battle Network, go to the MegaMan Screen. You should receive a message that a card has been received. Accept the transmission to receive the card data.
Credits
caitsith2 , for the superb Nintendo e-Reader Dev Tools.
, for the superb Nintendo e-Reader Dev Tools. Capcom Product Dev 2 , for the amazing Mega Man Battle Network series.
, for the amazing Mega Man Battle Network series. exeguy11 , for the Rockman EXE 6 translation patch.
, for the Rockman EXE 6 translation patch. Greiga Master , for his work on ARMIPS that made this project far easier.
, for his work on ARMIPS that made this project far easier. Kingcom , for the brilliant ARMIPS assembler.
, for the brilliant ARMIPS assembler. Martin Korth , for the indispensible No$gba debugger.
, for the indispensible No$gba debugger. MidniteW , for help with translation/editing and beta testing.
, for help with translation/editing and beta testing. Nigoli , the prime Rockman EXE e-Reader guru.
, the prime Rockman EXE e-Reader guru. Nikslg , for help with beta testing.
, for help with beta testing. No-Intro , for the e-Reader Encyclopedia.
, for the e-Reader Encyclopedia. Prof. 9 , for this Mod Card Kit.
, for this Mod Card Kit. Qwiscot , for the extremely useful Rockman EXE card-e+ Cards guide.
, for the extremely useful Rockman EXE card-e+ Cards guide. Tim Schuerewegen, for his awesome e-Reader API documentation.
Changelog
Initial release.
Download
If the worst comes to pass and you lose your back-up save, you can repair the card reader by loading someone else's e-Reader save too, or by loading a save created in No$gba. However, it's better if you use your own back-up save file since the calibration data may differ for your particular e-Reader.This is a project I worked on in early 2014, but never got around to finishing. There has been some interest in it recently so I went and finished it. Introducing the Mega Man Battle Network Mod Card Kit!The Japanese versions of Rockman EXE 4 through 6 supported the Nintendo e-Reader in the form of "Kaizou Cards". Most of them were sold in booster packs or given away at events. You could scan these cards with the e-Reader and then transmit them to the game via Link Cable in order to receive rare items or boost MegaMan's power.Like most other bonus features of the series, these cards were never distributed outside of Japan and did not work on the English versions of the games. In addition, over time, some of the cards have become quite rare and hard to find. Most of the cards have been ripped, but naturally, they are illegal to distribute. And some cards were never ripped, leaving their contents unobtainable.This Mod Card Kit features custom cards that have been written from scratch and implement the Rockman EXE e-Card transmission protocol. They can be used to send over recreations of the original Kaizou Card data to Rockman EXE 4, Rockman EXE 5 and Rockman EXE 6. In addition, for the first time ever, you can also send Mod Cards to the English versions of Mega Man Battle Network 4 and Mega Man Battle Network 5!To reiterate: the cards in this kit work on the English e-Reader. They do NOT work on the Japanese Card e-Reader or Card e-Reader+. However, they CAN transfer data to the Japanese versions of Rockman EXE 4 through 6.The cards in this Mod Card Kit support the following versions:Of course, just implementing the transmission protocol wouldn't be any fun, so the e-Cards in this kit have some features and differences that set them apart from the original files.This Mod Card Kit contains two types of Mod Cards: Saveable and Non-Saveable. The difference between the two is just that: the Saveable Mod Cards can be saved to the e-Reader's memory. The Non-Saveable cards cannot, and act just like the official Kaizou Cards produced by Capcom. These are more suited to being printed out on actual cards.If you use the Saveable Mod Cards, note that some of them have the same name. In order to overwrite a Mod Card with the same name, you need to delete it from the e-Reader memory first. To do this, hold L+R when you boot up the e-Reader.In this Mod Card Kit, you will find many files ending with in. These are raw e-Card dump files, and you can scan these in emulators. Below you will find instructions on scanning cards and sending them to your game using No$gba.Note: this is not the only way to do it; there also exist versions of VisualBoy Advance that allow you to scan e-Cards. This may be more convenient if you are planning to transfer your Mod Cards to a pre-existing save file, as No$gba uses an encrypted save file format by default.- 15 May 2015Mod Card Kit: Download v1.0 Source code: GitHub For more info, check out the README.txt file included in the download.
Each week, Big Issues focuses on a newly released comic book of significance. This week, it's She-Hulk #9. Written by Charles Soule (Inhuman, Swamp Thing) with art by Javier Pulido (Hawkeye, The Amazing Spider-Man) and colorist Muntsa Vicente (The Private Eye, The Amazing Spider-Man), this issue spotlights the intelligence, humor, and energy that have made She-Hulk one of Marvel's best series, but it unfortunately arrives hot on the heels of the announcement that the book is getting canceled next year. (Note: This review reveals major plot points.)
For the first time in Marvel Comics' history, Jen “She-Hulk” Walters and Matt “Daredevil” Murdock have a courtroom face-off in this week's She-Hulk #9, a momentous occasion that is overshadowed by some deeply disheartening news: January's She-Hulk #12 will be the series' final issue. The announcement came out of the blue on Tuesday morning, and was greeted by considerable outrage from the book's fans. “She-Hulk” was even trending on Twitter for a while, and not because of stupid comments from David Goyer.
Advertisement
The cancellation doesn't come as that much of a surprise after looking at the book's mediocre sales numbers, but considering She-Hulk's status as a critical darling and writer Charles Soule's steadily rising profile, it's still a shocking move on the publisher's part. Very few new titles arrive on the scene with the confidence and enthusiasm of Soule's series, which established an exciting new status quo for Jen that allowed the writer to use his extensive legal knowledge (he's also a practicing attorney) to put his own distinct spin on the Marvel universe.
Soule still finds plenty of ways to incorporate the requisite superhero action into his stories, but at its core, She-Hulk is a series about the legal system, detailing compelling court cases that may take place in a fantastic setting, but are governed by real-world laws. The bold, kinetic artwork of Javier Pulido and colorist Muntsa Vicente (along with fill-in art by Ronald Wimberly and Rico Renzi) brings no shortage of thrills in the action department, but the victories achieved by She-Hulk's fists are never as satisfying as those won by her brain.
Advertisement
She-Hulk is the perfect comic for fans of TV shows like The Good Wife, offering sophisticated legal drama focused around a multi-dimensional female lead, but also incorporating humor and a classic sense of superhero fun to keep the tone light and breezy. Soule has given himself a difficult juggling act on this title, but he's performing remarkably well. He's constantly impressing with the breadth of his knowledge regarding Marvel superheroes and U.S. law, and he's particularly skilled at using She-Hulk's cases as springboards for character development.
The eclectic mix of characters that Soule chooses to spotlight on this series is a big part of its appeal, combining familiar Marvel faces like Iron Man, Daredevil, Steve Rogers, and Hank Pym with lesser-known figures like Hellcat, Dr. Doom's son Kristoff Vernard, and Nightwatch, a forgotten hero from the '90s. This has made She-Hulk an excellent entry point into the larger Marvel universe; it brings in the popular, easily recognizable characters to make superhero comic novices comfortable in this setting, but also shines a light on the more esoteric corners of the Marvel landscape to expose those new readers to the full scope of this world.
Advertisement
She-Hulk is a great gateway comic, and much of that wide-ranging appeal comes from Pulido and Vicente's eye-popping artwork. The two creators have an excellent eye for graphic design—as evidenced in this week's striking chase sequence that sees She-Hulk and Daredevil making their way across a beautifully lit Los Angeles skyline—and the book's visuals are overflowing with style. Kevin Wada's stunning covers have more in common with fashion illustration than traditional superhero comic art, and Pulido has taken a similar interest in making Jen look chic yet powerful in the interior art. Most importantly, there's a Kirby-esque energy to Pulido's artwork that provides that quintessential sense of fun, which is amplified by Muntsa's palette of bright, expressive colors.
A lot of Soule's She-Hulk involves courtroom dialogue, which could be very dry in the wrong hands. While this week's issue is very heavy on the talking heads as Jen and Matt cross-examine witnesses, Soule keeps the pace moving at a brisk speed. When one witness details the death bed confession that has put former Captain America Steve Rogers at the center of a wrongful death suit, the issue flashes back to show those events in a sequence that successfully evokes the emotional turmoil felt by the characters in the moment. The rest of the case unfolds in densely packed pages of conversation between attorneys and witnesses, but because Soule took the time put the reader directly in the moment that has haunted Steve Rogers, all the following legal dialogue becomes much more intriguing.
Advertisement
There's a strong likelihood that She-Hulk will be relaunched soon considering the solicitation text for the final issue reads like it is setting up bigger things for Jen in the future: “But when one door closes, another one opens, and Jen finds herself face to face with her most important case yet.” Marvel has made a habit of canceling series and relaunching them with new #1 issues that continue the narratives of the previous volume with the same writer, providing new readers with a clear entry way into ongoing stories. It happened with Kelly Sue DeConnick's Captain Marvel, Mark Waid's Daredevil, and Jason Aaron's Thor, and is going to happen soon with Rick Remender's Captain America and Uncanny Avengers.
She-Hulk is already involved with one of these cancellation-relaunches thanks to her involvement in Al Ewing's Mighty Avengers, which is about to be retitled Captain America And The Mighty Avengers to capitalize on the buzz around Sam Wilson taking on the Captain America identity. With books like Daredevil, Thor, and Captain America, there's almost no wait time between the end of the previous volume and the start of the new one, and Marvel makes sure that readers know well in advance that those series aren't going anywhere. Those are cancellations in name, but they don't give any impression of true finality.
Advertisement
For lower-selling books like Captain Marvel and Mighty Avengers, there's a longer wait between the cancellation and the relaunch announcement in hopes that the title's fans will do the work of Marvel's hype machine by going on social media and decrying the publisher's decision to end the series. It leads to a bunch of free publicity that will hopefully get readers interested in the issues still waiting to see release, but it's also an emotionally manipulative tactic that depends on the anger of readers to succeed.
Captain Marvel has a fiercely devoted fan base in the Carol Corps, but a strong online presence hasn't been able to invigorate that book's sales, which were less than She-Hulk's in September. (Part of that may be due to the book's price-hike to $3.99 with the relaunch.) It's become clear that online buzz doesn't translate to print sales, and because digital sales numbers are kept a secret, there's no way of gauging whether or not social media fervor has any impact on digital sales.
Advertisement
This is frustrating because books like Captain Marvel and She-Hulk are heavily geared toward female readers, but brick-and-mortar comic shops aren't always the most welcoming to female fans. How do these books sell digitally? Are the numbers increasing or decreasing? Offering an endless inventory and the ability to own a comic at the click of a button, digital comics have the potential to far outnumber print sales, but there's no way of knowing at this point, and that's very worrisome for people trying to predict what the future of comics entails.
She-Hulk was part of a new wave of Marvel titles spotlighting solo female heroes, and it's the first to get canceled despite being one of the most acclaimed. In the current comic-book marketplace where many readers wait for collections, it's always a bit puzzling when a publisher cancels a title before seeing how the collected editions sell, and it will be interesting to see if the overwhelming praise following She-Hulk's cancellation announcement will have an impact on the sales of the recently released first volume. Sales of collections have saved Marvel titles in the past (Runaways would never have lasted without the publication of affordable digest editions), but at the moment, Soule's She-Hulk is ending in January and there's no concrete promise that it's coming back.
Advertisement
Would the book have fared better if Marvel publicized it more heavily? Would She-Hulk have a better chance of succeeding if it received the same amount of attention as the latest Avengers/Spider-Man/X-Men events? DC has been able to turn Harley Quinn into one of its top-selling titles by promoting it like crazy, is that what Marvel needs to be doing in order to guarantee the longevity of its female superhero titles?
Only one thing is for certain: If you want more fun, smart, dynamic titles like She-Hulk, you need to buy them, and you need to buy them in print because those are the numbers that matter most to publishers. And if you don't have a comic shop nearby, that's just too bad. A title like She-Hulk has the potential to reach a huge audience, but the focus isn't on reaching as many people as possible, it's on making sure the title sells to the direct market. That's extremely limiting, and as long as that's still the primary goal for the industry, unconventional titles like She-Hulk will be fighting an uphill battle to survive.
Hugh Jackman launches performing arts foundation at Perth university
Updated
Actors Hugh Jackman and Jack Thompson have launched the Jackman Furness Foundation for the Performing Arts in a packed out ceremony at Perth's Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts (WAAPA).
Jackman and his wife Deborra-Lee Furness, along with acting great Thompson have created the national fund in the hope it will draw $10 million in private finance to support the performing arts in Western Australia.
At the launch, Jackman announced mining magnate Andrew "Twiggy" Forrest and his wife Nicola have donated $1 million to the foundation.
He then told the crowd he and his wife would match that contribution.
Jackman was born and raised in Sydney, but moved to Perth to study acting at WAAPA.
He graduated from the Academy in 1994 and began an illustrious film and stage career, marked by his ability to play a wide range of characters from Wolverine in the X-Men franchise, to Peter Allen in The Boy From Oz.
Launching the foundation, which will be based at WAAPA at the Edith Cowan University campus, Jackman said he was proud to see so many Australians breaking into the industry.
"They're talented, professional, they're optimistic, and they're having a good time," he said.
In response to Federal Education Minister Christopher Pyne saying he wanted to have Australian education institutions appearing in the top 20 in the world, Jackman said: "Mr Pyne. You have one."
Jack Thompson's son Bill also graduated from WAAPA's acting course last year.
He says he sees the foundation as a way to give back to the industry.
"Without the performing arts there is no film industry and it's from this centre here at WAAPA that people like Hugh Jackman have come into the industry," he said.
"The arts are the dew that wets the nest of the imagination and there is where our future will flourish."
Following the launch, crowds were treated to a musical interlude by Jackman who performed I Still Call Australia Home, accompanied by musical theatre students.
Topics: arts-and-entertainment, perth-6000
First posted
William pulled into the vacant parking parking spot, and stopped his violet vehicle. He unlocked the door and stepped out into the night, greeted by the cold wind blowing against his face. William didn't mind it; he preferred the cold over the heat.
He gazed up at the building he'd arrived at. It was mostly an unordinary, large building, with pale blue and yellow walls, bar the large sign that was stuck on the top of the front of the structure, depicting a cartoony brown bear waving with one hand and holding a microphone up to his mouth with the other. Below him were the words "Freddy Fazbear's Pizza" in a large, red and yellow font, catching the eye of people passing by the street.
Standing at the double doors leading inside the restaurant was the figure of a man. As William began walking towards the man, his details became more apparent. He wore a pair of rectangular spectacles over his blue eyes. He had noticeably large bags under his eyes, though he looked alert, and his dirty blonde hair fell messily over his forehead. He looked like he hadn't had a good night's sleep in a long time. His attire was very formal, consisting of a plain white shirt and a dark tie, trousers and shoes. He held a small notebook in his right hand and smiled at William as he approached him, though it didn't seem completely genuine.
"You must be William, right? William Afton?" he glanced down at a small notepad he held in his hand.
"Yeah, that's me." William confirmed. "I signed up for the technician job-but you probably already knew that." William smiled at the man in return, looking more like a smirk.
"Oh, yeah, right. I'm Henry. Henry Cawthon." Henry offered his hand, and William shook it firmly. "I'll be, uh, introducing the pizzeria to you. You know, showing you the animatronics, how they work, what you'll be doing, all that..." Henry began tapping his fingers against the notepad he held. "So, uh, let's go inside and get started."
"Sounds good." William agreed. The two men stepped inside the pizzeria, out of the cold night's wind and into the warm temperature of the building. The inside of the building contrasted greatly with the calm blue and yellow paint on the outside of the building. The floor was checkered black and white, like a giant chessboard. The walls were painted blue and white, and red. Colourful stars hung from the ceiling, party hats were strewn about on the dining tables, and posters of the animatronic characters lined the walls. In one corner of the room was a carousel featuring four coloured figures.
Henry glanced down at the writing he had on his notebook again. "Okay, so, uh, first thing, I'll show you the animatronics. They're the most important part of your job, after all. They're just over this way," He said, as he began guiding William over to a large, purple curtain, ordained with silver star shapes. Henry pulled back the curtain, revealing the animatronic band to William. "So, here's the band!" Henry said, admiring the trio of robots. "There's Freddy Fazbear, Bonnie the Bunny and Chica the Chicken." William took a moment to inspect their designs.
The animatronic in the center of the stage was instantly recognizable as Freddy Fazbear; his face was on the sign outside, after all. Although in reality, he looked very different than the cheery and cartoony bear that greeted passerbys outside. His head was chunky and bumpy. His features were rough and undefined. The top portion of his head was rectangular, with his cheeks curving outwards a bit. His blue eyes stared straight ahead, and his eyelids hung down lazily. His mouth hung open slightly, revealing both the white, square plastic teeth on his costume, and the silver, metallic teeth of his inner endoskeleton. His angular lower jaw was mostly split from the top jaw, giving him a faux grin. He wore the same black tophat and bowtie that the image outside did, giving him at least some sense of approachableness, and carried a microphone, to give the illusion that his singing was being projected all around the pizzeria.
On his left stood a large blue rabbit; Bonnie the Bunny. William noticed that Bonnie was almost identical to Freddy, the only differences being Bonnie's red bowtie and eyes, his long ears, his two buck teeth and the red electric guitar he clutched. While Freddy sang songs, Bonnie played guitar and cracked jokes.
On Freddy's right was Chica the Chicken, a large yellow bird that encouraged the children to eat lots of pizza while in the pizzeria, and was the only female member in the Fazbear band. She had a large orange beak, and her head was split into two halves, presumably to allow the lower portion of the beak to move up and down while she talked. She wore a white bib sporting the words "Let's Eat!" in yellow, and in her left hand she held a plate with a pink cupcake with two eyes on it. The cupcake itself was also an animatronic, and sometimes discussed with Chica about what the best foods to eat were.
"Uh, these guys are the main stars of the show. They sing, they play music, they talk to the kids, put on funny acts...and they're allowed to, uh, walk around the Dining Area, to interact with kids. That's something those other pizzerias' animatronics don't do." Henry smiled smugly. "Uh, they need to be in perfect condition for their performances. The kids don't want to see their favorite characters not working or looking dirty, you know? And uh, make sure their servos don't lock up or whatever so they can move freely." Henry informed William.
William was sceptical that anyone, especially children, would not be terrified of those hideous bulky robots, but he played along to appease the other man. "No need to worry. I've had experience with these kinds of robots before, they're fairly easy to repair when they do happen to break down."
"Oh, well that's great. There'll be time to check up on them later, we haven't even gotten to the most important part yet," Henry insisted, tapping his fingers against the notebook again.
Henry walked across the room, past the dining tables to another pair of purple curtains. These were much smaller than the ones that covered the main stage. "This is Pirate's Cove, uh, where Foxy stays." Henry said, pulling back the curtains. It was small room with paintings of pirate boats, parrots, treasure chests and eyepatches on the blue walls. Near the far corner of the room was a circular stage, where Foxy the Pirate Fox, a fox with bright red fur, a long snout, a hook and an eye patch stood, his head slightly drooping to the right. William inspected the sailor some more, and spotted a few holes and tears in his suit, revealing his endoskeleton. His legs suffered the most, and the majority of his right foot's endoskeleton was revealed.
"This is, uh, Foxy." Henry gestured to the red fox with his hand. "He entertains some of the older kids, who might get bored by the band's songs, you know. He's got a hook, an eyepatch, and some gold teeth...pretty cool, huh?" Henry smiled fondly at the pirate for a moment. William raised an eyebrow but said nothing. "Anyway, he's kind of um...twitchy. H-he breaks down quite a lot, actually, so uh, that could get a little annoying...for you..." Henry trailed off.
William caught on to Henry's appreciation for this character in particular. It wouldn't hurt to have Henry on his side in the future.
William rubbed his chin, feeling scratchy stubble, and faked thoughtfulness for a moment. "I could probably get him fixed up, with the right tools and a bit of time. I'd probably need to do some work on his processor, if that's the problem with him. It shouldn't be too difficult, in any case."
"W-well that'd be great. Uh, the last guy-the one who you're replacing-he never really tried fixing Foxy. Just kind of...gave up on him. So he hasn't been working the best for a while. A lot of the kids seem to love him, so it'd be terrific if he was running smoothly again. Anyway," Henry's thoughts flicked back to the job at hand, realising he'd gotten off topic, "that's the main four done. But, uh, these next two are really important, you'll see."
Henry strode out of Pirate's Cove, signalling William to follow. Henry sharply turned right and walked down a narrow hallway, until he reached another room, this one smaller than the main Dining Area, but larger than Pirate's Cove. It had a few tables, on each on were a few balloons tied together, held down by a weight of some kind to keep them from floating to the ceiling. On a large stage that took up most of the top part of the room were two yellow animatronics; a bear and a rabbit. They were easily the first thing anyone would see when they entered the room. Their vibrant golden fur stuck out like a sore thumb against the dull blue and white walls of the room they inhabited.
The bear was a simple recolour of Freddy's model, but with golden replacing Freddy's signature brown.
The rabbit, however, did not look like any of the other animatronics. The other animatronics, including Fredbear, were all large and bulky. The yellow bunny was slimmer, smoother, more akin to an actual person's body shape. Its head was shaped similarly to that of a human's, with the snout extending slightly outwards. It had a large, toothy grin, reaching from one end of its face to the other. Unlike the other rabbit, this one had no red guitar in its hands.
"This is Fredbear," Henry said, pointing to the yellow bear, "and Spring Bonnie," he pointed to the bunny beside him.
He smiled at William excitedly, obviously waiting to tell him something he thought would impress him.
"These two are specially designed. They work as animatronics, but they can be worn as suits as well! Neat, huh?" Henry explained, a hint of pride in his voice.
"Impressive." William replied simply, raising his eyebrows slightly, not mirroring the reaction Henry had expected at all.
"Ye-uh, yeah..." Henry's smile faded. "Uh, anyway, they're called "spring lock suits". Their endoskeleton can be compressed using a hand crank. That means there's a space inside the suit that an employee can fit into, and wear the animatronic as a suit..."
William listened to Henry drone on and on about the mechanics of the spring lock suits. He was merely pretending to listen to keep him content. He already knew exactly how and what the spring lock suits were used for. It was the whole reason he'd wanted to take the job at Freddy's in the first place.
"Did you, uh, get all that?" Henry questioned, snapping William out of his thoughts.
"Oh, yes, yes. They're very dangerous, so I must make sure they are in perfect condition to be worn."
"Oh, great. So, uh, let me just show you the Safe Room, and then we'll be done!" Henry started walking down the narrow hallway again, his pace seeming to have increased. William was growing tired of rushing everywhere.
They walked through the Dining Area once more, and into a doorway on the far right side of the building, which led to the two restrooms. Walking past them led to a door, blending in with the rest of the wall, and covered in the dim lighting of the hallway.
"Here it is. No one would go looking for stuff near the toilets, right? It's the best place to hide stuff," Henry laughed somewhat nervously and pulled a key ring out of his shirt pocket and fumbled around, looking for the one to open the door in front of them. William simply watched, uninterested.
"Ah, here we go." Henry grabbed a small, silver key and stuck it into the keyhole, turning it and unlocking the door.
Inside was a small room, full of shelves. On the shelves were spare heads, arms, torsos and other parts for the two golden spring lock suits William had just been introduced to.
"Uh, this is where employees should go if the suits do happen to, uh...well, you know..." Henry's muttered quickly, avoiding looking at William.
"I see..." William said thoughtfully. "So, does that kind of thing happen often?" He asked, a look of interest on his face.
Henry's expression turned into one of panic. "Oh no, no, no, no, no! Not at all! We-it hasn't even happened once yet! I-it's just a precaution, you know? In case any thing were to actually happen."
"Alright, alright, it was just a question." William was taken aback by Henry's urgency.
"S-sorry...anyway, uh, that's pretty much it, I think." Henry quickly regained his composure, running his hand through his already untidy hair. "Um, just check up on the animatronics for tonight, see if they're working properly, especially the spring lock suits. Uh, there are some spare parts for the other four characters if you need them in the Parts and Service Room, right next to the Show Stage. The key's in the office if you need it." Henry flipped through his notebook again.
"Oh, right. Um, this might sound a bit...strange, but there's a music box in the room further down from the one where the spring suits were. You should keep it wound up to stop the music from stopping. Just, uh, pay it a visit every half hour or so and wind it up. The gears in it stop working after a while of not being used, so it's better to just always keep them moving..."
William knew very well that wasn't how gears worked, and he didn't know how Henry thought he could fool a technician about these things, but he didn't bother poking for answers. There was obviously something Henry wanted to hide from him, but it wasn't the most of his concerns. Not right now. "Right." he replied.
"Well, uh, guess we're done then." Henry smiled weakly. "Nice meeting you, William," he offered his hand.
"You too, Henry," William took Henry's hand and shook, forcing a smile on his lips to seem genuine.
"Well, I'll be heading now. Have a good night!" Henry bid William goodbye and exited the pizzeria, leaving William alone to his devices.
As soon as his instructor was safely out of sight, William rushed out to his car outside the restaurant, opening the trunk. Inside was a wrench and a pair of pliers. Those were the only tools he'd be needing for the job he'd be doing that night.
Returning to the building, William ignored the other animatronics Henry had told him to take care of and wasted no time in heading to the room that contained the two spring lock suits, dragged both of them to the safe room, one after another, and removed their costume to their inner workings. starting with Fredbear.
Pulling the pair of pliers from his pocket and having the wrench at his side, he was ready to begin his work.
Greece will need debt relief far beyond what eurozone partners have been prepared to consider due to the devastation of its economy and banks in the last two weeks, a confidential study by the International Monetary Fund seen by Reuters shows.
The updated debt sustainability analysis was sent to eurozone governments late on Monday, hours after Athens and its 18 partners agreed in principle to open negotiations on a third bailout program of up to 86 billion euros in return for tougher austerity measures and structural reforms.
"The dramatic deterioration in debt sustainability points to the need for debt relief on a scale that would need to go well beyond what has been under consideration to date -- and what has been proposed by the ESM," the IMF said, referring to the European Stability Mechanism bailout fund.
European countries would have to give Greece a 30-year grace period on servicing all its European debt, including new loans, and a very dramatic maturity extension, or else make explicit annual fiscal transfers to the Greek budget or accept "deep upfront haircuts" on their loans to Athens, the report said.
[Reuters]
First daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner were spotted at a party over the weekend rubbing elbows with billionaire Democratic financier George Soros and Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), Politico reported Sunday.
The couple were among the guests at Lally Weymouth's Southampton home Saturday, where the former Washington Post editor — whose family owned the newspaper for decades — was holding a star-studded annual party.
Kushner and Trump are both advisers to President Trump. Soros, a major donor to Democratic causes and an ardent opponent of Trump, has been accused by a number of Republicans of funding anti-Trump protesters.
ADVERTISEMENT
Other guests at the party included White House senior counselor Kellyanne Conway, Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-N.Y.), former New York City police commissioner Bill Bratton and business mogul and longtime Trump friend Carl Icahn, according to Politico.
GOP donor David Koch also attended the party.
Weymouth's brother, former Washington Post publisher Don Graham, reportedly made a speech about Weymouth's birthday Monday and touted the upcoming Steven Spielberg film on the Post's publication of the Pentagon Papers. The director also attended the party.
CORRECTION: David Koch attended the Weymouth party. An earlier version of this story misidentified him.
Untitled Film Still #13. 1978.
Collection The Museum of Modern Art, New York.
In December 1995, The Museum of Modern Art acquired all sixty-nine black-and-white photographs in Cindy Sherman's Untitled Film Stills series. This insured that this landmark body of work was preserved in its entirety in a single public collection. The series has been exhibited as a whole only once before.
Sherman began making these pictures in 1977, when she was twenty-three. The first six were an experiment: fan-magazine glimpses into the life (or roles) of an imaginary blonde actress, played by Sherman herself. The photographs look like movie stillsor perhaps like publicity pixpurporting to catch the blond bombshell in unguarded moments at home. The protagonist is shown preening in the kitchen ( #3 ) and lounging in the bedroom ( #6 ). On to something, Sherman tried other characters in other roles: the chic starlet at her seaside hideaway ( #7 ), the luscious librarian ( #13 , at left), the domesticated sex kitten ( #14 ), the hot-blooded woman of the people ( #35 ), the ice-cold sophisticate ( #50 ), and others. She eventually completed the series in 1980. She stopped, she has explained, when she ran out of clichés.
Other artists had drawn upon popular culture, but Sherman's strategy was new. For her the pop-culture image was not a subject (as it had been for Walker Evans) or raw material (as it had been for Andy Warhol) but a whole artistic vocabulary, ready-made. Her film stills look and function just like the real onesthose 8-by-10-inch glossies designed to lure us into a drama we find all the more compelling because we know it is not real.
In the Untitled Film Stills there are no Cleopatras, no ladies on trains, no women of a certain age. There are, of course, no men. The sixty-nine solitary heroines map a particular constellation of fictional femininity that took hold in postwar Americathe period of Sherman's youth, and the ground-zero of our contemporary mythology. In finding a form for her own sensibility, Sherman touched a sensitive nerve in the culture at large.
Although most of the characters are invented, we sense right away that we already know them. That twinge of instant recognition is what makes the series tick, and it arises from Cindy Sherman's uncanny poise. There is no wink at the viewer, no open irony, no camp. As Warhol said, "She's good enough to be a real actress."
This exhibition is sponsored by Madonna.
Cindy Sherman: The Complete Untitled Film Stills was organized by Peter Galassi, Chief Curator, Department of Photography. The preceding text was excerpted from his commentary in The Museum of Modern Art's 1995-96 Annual Report.
It's interesting and concerning at the same time that Real Madrid's current injury list features several players with soft-tissue injuries despite the emphasis this season on Zinedine Zidane's rotation system and an approach to training that is described as high-intensity.
Fans will remember that when Zidane took over from Rafa Benítez, one of the first things he did was change the whole approach to training and the level was immediately ‘upped'.
He swiftly brought in his own fitness team and the changes were evident at the beginning. As time went by, Zidane then signed fitness coach Antonio Pintus from Olympique Lyon to up the levels further; citing that from his own time as a player, he felt that this was the approach to training that suited him best.
It's becoming evident though that the high intensity approach brings it's own risks. Dr José González briefly discussed this on AS Sports recently and made some valid points.
In order for training to be effective it needs to be realistic; and in order to be realistic it needs to at the very least match the intensity of a game situation. It's okay doing one or two light sessions in the days after a particularly hard game but this shouldn't happen too often.
Low-level training on a regular basis will ultimately mean that match conditions aren't being simulated and the effectiveness of the overall programme will cease.
Coaches and managers tend to go with the approach that they personally feel gets the most out of the players. In Zidane's case, he is obviously in favour of keeping the work-rate at a high level and has spoken in the past about how he favours this method based on his own experiences as a player.
In the modern game, high-intensity training doesn't mean running people into the ground anymore. It means ensuring that the intensity of training delivered encourages the body to respond to exercise in such a way that the muscles, heart and lungs increase their function and adapt to the higher work-rate accordingly.
Physiological adaptations will only be gained as a result of stressing the body's systems and that's basically fitness-talk for saying that you need to work at a higher intensity if you want to achieve results. Zidane's thinking will be that he needs to keep the training levels appropriate to the demands of match-play if they are going to be anything like effective.
Training needs to be realistic. Football requires players to be competent in several components of fitness including strength, speed, endurance, aerobic and anaerobic power together with agility and flexibility (Bangsbo et al, 1991, Mohr et al, 2003). Additionally, the ability to perform repeated high-intensity sprints is essential for a footballer (Bangsbo, 1994, Rampinini et al, 2009) and this definitely takes it's toll on the muscles from an injury aspect.
If you are going to attempt to condition the players effectively, then it's just not possible to do this without working at such a level where the body systems are being challenged repeatedly.
This will likely be Zidane's way of thinking. It's been common knowledge how he's changed the training since Rafa left; although the latter's methods were also founded on scientific principles. Rafa's coaching and fitness team had their own ideas, as had Carlo Ancelotti's before them.
With the fitness aspect of the game being more of a long term project as opposed to bringing immediate results, Zidane has gone for experience in people whom he knows and trusts.
Zidane's appointment of Antonio Pintus as head of the strength and conditioning team was highly publicised at the time but has since been roundly criticised as the injuries have mounted in recent weeks. The ‘mini-pre-season' that took place on return from Japan sought to build on the fitness levels of the players by challenging them physically at a time when their bodies were open for adaptation.
Such a strategy, however, isn't without risk. In Real's case, this is showing at the moment as an unusually-high injury rate despite frequent squad rotations. Few players have escaped injury this term.
In recent times Pepe, Mateo Kovačić, Lucas Vázquez and Sergio Ramos all came back injured from Japan and were already missing from training when the squad reported after the CWC. Gareth Bale had few options other than to have surgery, while Danilo and James Rodriguez appear to have struggled with niggling injuries for weeks.
Of late, however, Luka Modrić, Dani Carvajal and Marcelo were unlucky enough to sustain muscular injuries and they've now been joined by Raphaël Varane as well. Isco took a hard challenge against Granada and had to come off but Zidane didn't rush him back.
It seems that the new fitness regime is testing the players' physical strengths to the maximum. Injuries are becoming prevalent, even in matches. But should we really expect anything else?
Without wanting to hammer the stats yet again we know that 92% of injuries in football are reported to affect the four major muscle groups of the lower limb (Ekstrand et al, 2011) so it's obvious that's where the injuries are going to be. Studies have shown the hamstrings to top the charts at 37% with the adductors at 23% and although various authors will quote different statistics for each muscle group, sadly that's a familiar but normal pattern.
The body takes time to adapt and perhaps it's simply a case of acknowledging that Real Madrid players are still adjusting to working at the intensity demanded by Zidane, Pintus et al as they strive to obtain these adaptations. Being away so often on international duty doesn't help either.
It might well be that Zidane is implementing the fitness policy with the idea of preventing injuries in the longer term. Clubs frequently ‘train down' to avoid injuries but Zidane is clearly taking the opposite stance. He could actually be working to reduce the number of injuries the players sustain via the high-intensity training methods he appears to favour.
By upping the training levels to such an extent that the sessions are played out at the same intensity as the games are will develop football-specific fitness over time; but as we said earlier it's a high risk strategy that Zidane is employing.
On the other hand we regularly criticise clubs, managers and coaches for taking a short-term approach and for not thinking beyond the next two or three games. It may be the case that Zidane is prepared to take on the immediate risk of pushing the players to their limits with the longer term in mind.
There's far more work being done nowadays with regards to injury prevention than ever before; and if he gets it right and Real do manage to reduce their overall number of injuries as result, it will be difficult to argue with this approach in a year's time.
References:
Bangsbo J, Norregaard L. Thorso F (1991). Activity profile of competition soccer. Canadian Journal of Sports Science. Vol. 16 (2); 110 - 116.
Bangsbo J, (1994). The physiology of soccer - with special reference to intense intermittent exercise. Acta Physiology Scandanavia. Vol. 619 (Supp) 1 – 156.
Ekstrand J, Hagglund M, Walde M (2011). Epidemiology of muscle injuries in professional football (soccer). American Journal of Sports Medicine. Vol 39; 1226 -1232.
Mohr M, Krustrup P, Bangsbo J (2003). Match performance of high-standard soccer players with special reference to development of fatigue. Journal of Sports Science. Vol. 21 (7); 519 – 528.
Rampinini E, Sassi A, Morelli A, Mazzoni S, Fanchini M, Coutts AJ (2009). Repeated sprint ability in professional and amateur soccer players. Applied Physiology, Nutrition, and Metabolism. Vol. 34 (6); 1048 – 1054.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Al Qaeda is planning attacks on high-speed trains in Europe and the authorities in Germany have stepped up security on the country's rail system, a German newspaper reported on Monday.
File photo of passengers entering an ICE high speed train at Frankfurt main station January 13, 2008. REUTERS/Alex Grimm/Files
The information about the planned attacks came from the United States' National Security Agency (NSA), which apparently intercepted a call between senior al Qaeda members several weeks ago, the mass-circulation daily said.
But the German Interior Ministry said it regularly received information about such threats and was not planning to increase overall security.
“It is known that Germany, along with other Western states, is a target for jihadist terrorists so we always assess warnings on a case-by-case basis but we already have a high level of protective measures and we do not plan to step these up at the moment,” spokesman Jens Teschke said at a routine government news conference.
The scandal surrounding the NSA's global electronic spying operation has become a major headache for Chancellor Angela Merkel ahead of the September 22 election. Government snooping is a sensitive subject in Germany due to the heavy surveillance of citizens in the former communist East and under Hitler's Nazis.
Bild said German authorities had tightened security on high-speed Intercity-Express (ICE) routes and at stations with “invisible measures”, including the deployment of plain clothes police officers.
A spokesman for the German federal police said efforts were already commensurate with the “highly dangerous situation both at home and abroad” but said it had alerted its forces.
The newspaper report cited unnamed security experts as saying the attacks could include acts of sabotage on rail infrastructure or bombings onboard trains.
A spokeswoman for German rail operator Deutsche Bahn would not comment on the Bild report, but said the company was always in regular contact with the security authorities over possible threats.
Earlier this month the United States shut around 20 embassies and consulates in the Middle East and Africa after saying it had picked up information through surveillance and other means about unspecified threats.
Germany narrowly avoided an attack in 2006 when two suitcase bombs left on commuter trains in Cologne failed to explode.
About
Designed to be both fast and accurate, the Wireless Digital Katana is intended for both serious Martial Arts training and hacking away at Zombies or Fruit in your games room.
Think you've got what it takes to land a critical blow with a Katana? You'll know in real-time with the Wireless Digital Katana. Within 140ms your computer can tell if you've got what it takes to survive the Zombie Apocalypse!
The Open Source Wireless Digital Katana is not a toy, it has been designed to provide you with both accurate and fast motion tracking.
I designed the Digital Katana to fill the void that exists between my Iaido training and the gimmicky sword-like input devices that I have experienced over the years.
Digital Katana Prototype 2 with receiver
The Digital Katana is built with a genuine bokken (wooden training katana) and as such retains the genuine weight, feeling, and handling of a live Katana.
Both the bokken and electronic components are capable of withstanding impact shock. However the bokken strength is reduced during milling for the electronic components, so I would not recommend the Digital Katana for contact training.
The current prototype takes 25x samples of each sensor per second, with a total of 50 samples/second.
Motion latency (lag) is currently averaging between 107ms - 140ms (measured between sword motion and screen response), giving an almost immediate on-screen replication of the movement of the blade.
For comparison the Xbox Kinect sensors run between 150ms up to a whopping 500ms for complex scenes (http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/imda/sites/www.nrl.navy.mil.itd.imda/files/pdfs/2012_VRposter_kinectSkelPerf.pdf)
Extended Live Tracking Demonstration Video
The prototype demonstrated has some quite unsightly electronics mounted on the exterior, however the version to be shipped will be streamlined using much smaller microcontrollers and rechargeable batteries.
I will be delivering the hardware to create a Digital Katana in various packages. Each of the packages contains all of the electronics required to turn a bokken into a digital input device.
What I have completed thus far:
Built a fully-functional prototype Bokken.
Written Proof of Concept 3D Rendering Application.
Measured device lag (time between action and display response).
Reviewed Tooling Samples of Bokkens. Below is a Red Oak Bokken sample that I just received from an interested supplier.
Red Oak Bokken Sample
Prototype Components and Microcontrollers
Components of Prototype Wireless Digital Katana
The production Digital Katana and kits will utilise a much, much smaller microcontroller.
Close up of Arduino Microcontrollers
Pictured is an Arduino compatible Pro Mini (33mm x 18.5mm / 0.73" x 1.3". ). I have since decided to move to a slightly larger Arduino Nano (43mm x 18.5mm / 0.73" x 1.70"). The extra length is minimal (10mm) and makes the Digital Katana firmware upgradeable with a simple USB cable, as opposed to the required FTDI programmer for Arduino Pro Mini microcontrollers.
Software Technical Specifications
Application Programming Interface (API)
The API is at the heart of the Digital Katana. It is a simple interface that programmers can use to create custom uses of the Digital Katana. Destined to be available for C#, Unity, C++, Java, and Python, the API will be accessible to everyone.
As an Open Source initiative once the API is completed and released to the public (June 2014) you can be sure that there will never be licencing fees, closed source code or any other nasty surprises in the future.
Above all you will be able to contribute to the API too, so if you find a way to do things faster, smarter, or cleaner, you will be able to submit your changes for acceptance into the API repository (online code storage).
Sample Code
Along with the API, I will be developing various sample pieces of software to make learning how to program and use the Digital Katana API as easy as possible. Below is a list of the samples that are guaranteed to be included in the API:
Basic 3D Tracking game as shown in the demo videos.
Calibration software to calibrate and test various Digital Katana settings.
Motion recording and playback example, showing how to use the SDK to record motion, save it, and even replay it.
Hardware Technical Specifications
Digital Bokken
1x Quality Wooden Bokken
2x MPU-9150 9-axis Sensors (Located in the Tsuba (Guard) and Kissaki (Tip))
NRF24L01+ Wireless transceiver
Arduino compatible microcontroller operating at 16Mhz
Li-Ion battery providing power to all of the on-board hardware.
Digital Receiver
NRF24L01+ Wireless transceiver
Arduino compatible microcontroller operating at 16Mhz
USB connection to host PC.
Charging Station
USB cable to fit standard USB Port
Li-Ion charging port
Li-Ion Battery
Components that will be used in the bokken development kits:
MPU-9150 9-Axis Sensors (http://www.invensense.com/mems/gyro/mpu9150.html)
These little guys can track motion to an incredible accuracy with inbuilt gyrometers, mangometers (digital compass) and accelerometers.
MPU-9150 9 Axis Motion sensors
NRF24L01+ 2.4Ghz Wireless transceivers (http://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/2.4GHz-RF/nRF24L01P)
NRF24L01+ Transceiver
Designed for ultra low power environments these chips are capable of operating on 128 frequencies with each unit having a unique 40-bit address. This means you can have as many digital katanas in your Dojo as you can fit!
Arduino Compatible Nano (http://arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoBoardNano)
An Arduino Nano is at the heart of the PC-based transceiver. It manages the Katana configuration and moves the motion data from the Wireless module to the Host machine as fast as possible. Running at 16Mhz the board doesn't even break a sweat processing 1 katana, I may even be able to get two running on the one receiver in the future (currently you will need 1x receiver per digital katana.
Arduino Nano
Li-Ion Batteries + Charging System
The exact size, capacity, and voltage of the Li-Ion battery solution is still being revised and will be updated as components are tested and selected.
USB Li-Ion Charging Circuit
This is the Li-Ion charging controller that I am currently testing for the Wireless Digital Katana
USB Li-Ion Charging Circuit
Components that are still being tested and revised:
Bokken microcontroller + Power Supply
Arduino Compatible Nano + Step-Up Voltage converter or dual Li-Ion batteries
3.7v 14.5mm x 50mm Lithium-Ion Battery
This will allow us to run an Arduino at full speed (16Mhz). To run a 5V Arduino I will need to use two Li-Ion batteries (7.4v) or use a Step-up Voltage Converter.
Step-Up Voltage Converter
The consequence of using a step-up converter is more power loss (around 8%) and another component to be placed in the Bokken.
The consequence of using two Li-Ion batteries is the difficulties of making room for these to fit into the bokken.
Stretch Goals
$40,000 At this milestone I will have a large enough order of Bokkens to research custom milling that will internalise all of the electronic components. Pending testing, all backers ordering a milled bokken will receive a bokken with a matching Saya (scabbard), prepared specifically for internal mounting.
Red Oak Bokken with Plastic Saya
Red Oak Bokken in Plastic Saya
Why I need your help!
I want to build a community of developers and enthusiasts to use and enjoy these bokkens.
From clans recording Iaido katas in their Dojos, to an Indie developer creating a lightsaber game, I want to see the world enjoy what I have created.
Where does my money go?
Be assured that your money is not going to be spent on beer or pizza, I've carfeully allocated resources, factored in exact costs, and worked with suppliers to make sure I can deliver what is promised to you all in the timespan allocated.
The funds will be used to:
Host a website for the Digital Katana community supporting a blog, a forum, and most importantly GIT repository where you will be able to see what is going on, download source code, and even help develop the SDK.
Source tooling samples of the Bokkens and Sayas.
Purchase the extra machinery and tools I will require to mill the large quantity of wooden bokkens required.
Purchase all of the hardware required (this is where the majority of the funds will go).
My Workshop
The hardware will be manufactured in my workshop, as pictured with an Arcade Machine that I have just finished building (pending some more airbrushing)
My Workshop with an Arcade Machine I have built
In addition to my workshop I also have access to an Industrial 3D Printer, Bench Saw, CNC Mill, and Drill Press as pictured below (photos are of the actual machines, not similar machines).
Images of the machines that I have access to
The 3D Printer will be used to create supports, spacers and other jigs. The jigs make it simple to perform reliable and repeatable cutting, drilling and milling.
In case you are worried about my woodworking, design, and soldering skills, here are some examples of objects I've designed and manufactured in the past.
Arduino + Raspberry Pi powered Cube
Inside each of these cubes is a combination of 3D Printing, Milled Wood and Electronics.
Cube Internals
I manufactured 8 of these cubes and 12 matching base plates for an educational interactive game that ran at Federation Square (Melbourne) during September this year.
Powering up cubes @ Federation Square (Melbourne)
The Production Plan
December 2013 - Kickstarter campaign finishes, final hardware testing is completed. I begin volume sourcing from suppliers.
January 2014 - It's hot in Australia and I code through the summer, making sure there will be an API when the hardware is delivered to our backers.
February 2014 - Components pile up in storage. I start packing and shipping the Hacker Kits + Bokken Hacker Kits. I start manufacturing the Bokkens for the Quick Assembly and Auzzie Apocalypse kits. I push out the Alpha build of the API along with sample code.
March 2014 - I ship the Quick Assembly and Auzzie Apocalypse kits. Use the feedback I am getting from supporters to refine the API and work towards the Beta build.
April 2014 - Winter is coming in Australia, I can continue coding without the Air conditioner.
May 2014 - Release the Beta build of the API.
June 2014 - Project completion - I release version 1.0 of the API and open up the source code to the public.
Post Project - Look into the viability of a production run of the Digital Katana as a consumer device (this would need to be in the 1000s to cover custom hardware and certifications).
Hardware Development Plan
The first step of the project is to finalise the design and set up the tooling that will be required to machine the bokkens.
Finalise hardware selection - This involves testing the low-power Arduino Compatible devices that I have already ordered and selecting the best model in terms of power requirements and processing power.
Order tooling samples of Bokkens and Sayas - I've already received a sample from an Australian supplier and am in negotiations as to supply capacity and bulk pricing.
Confirm manufacturer supply capacity for each component - As the components used are off-the-shelf there are many suppliers of each component making availability not an isssue.
Finalise bokken design (component placement, sensor testing) - This will require the creation of the final prototype, all going to plan it will have internalised hardware, and will be usable with a Saya (Sheath).
Tooling for custom bokken cutting. - Various Jigs (holders) will need to be created for reliable, repetitive milling of the bokkens. I will be designing the Jigs using OpenSCAD and manufacturing the Jigs with an industrial 3D printer.
Bulk-Ordering - With the design 100% complete I will be bulk-ordering all of the required components to assemble the kits and Digital Katanas.
Coffee!
Hardware Manufacturing Plan
With tooling all under control and parts ordered, the next step is to mill the bokkens, and to solder the complete Digital Katanas.
To complete the modifications to the bokkens I will need to:
Mill a groove down the Mune (back) to allow for the wires to run to each sensor and the battery.
Mill / route a slot for each 9-axis sensor in the bokken.
Mill / route a slot for the Arduino microcontroller and Wireless module.
Precision drill mounting holes.
Tap threads into boltholes.
Route cavities for batteries in the Tsuka (Hand grip).
To assemble to complete Digital Katanas I will need to:
Mount the electronic hardware into the bokkens.
Solder the wiring between each sensor, the microcontroller, Wireless module, and the batteries.
Configure and test the hardware.
Seal the wiring down the Mune (back) so that it is not able to get caught on anything.
Hardware Delivery Plan
With all of the hardware sourced, milled, and soldered it will be time to start packing and distributing the hardware to all of my backers.
Packing
Distribution
Sleep
Software Development Plan
Set up a GIT Repository for Development + Backers
Coffee
Firmware Revisions (Firmware is already written and functional)
SDK Development towards Alpha build
Release of Alpha Build (C# only)
Development towards Beta Build (Branching for platforms)
Release of Beta Build (C# / Unity / C++ / Java / Python)
Development of Revision 1.0 Build
Coffee
Release of Revision 1.0 Build
Sleep
Katana Dog on Alert
Credits
There could be no successful venture without the help of the people around me.
A special shout-out goes to David Feillafe, network engineer and long-time friend, and Daniel Tosello, a man with skill in Kendo along with many other martial arts that put me to shame.
Video music track is Logan's Run by ROBTON http://www.jamendo.com/en/artist/384306/roboton
Questions?
With an exciting project like this there are going to be many more questions than I have managed to answer in this short video and page.
Please do not hesitate to ask me any and all questions you have, as I am sure the answers to your questions will be desired by many.
WASHINGTON—Barren County (Kentucky) Sheriff Christopher Brian Eaton, 42, of Glasgow, Kentucky, was sentenced today by U.S. District Judge Joseph H. McKinley, Jr. to serve an 18-month prison term followed by two years of supervised release, after a jury convicted him on May 9, 2013 of two counts of obstructing justice during a federal criminal civil rights investigation conducted by the FBI. Eaton was convicted of corruptly persuading two of his deputies to write false reports regarding an alleged unreasonable use of force against a man arrested by Eaton and several of his deputies outside a church on February 24, 2010.
Eaton was convicted of directing the first deputy, who did not participate in the arrest, to write a report which falsely stated that Eaton and the deputy had walked back to the area where the individual had been arrested and located a knife lying on the ground. Eaton was convicted of directing the second deputy, who had participated in the arrest, to falsify reports and testify falsely in state court proceedings that that the victim had pulled a knife on Eaton during the victim's arrest, when Eaton and his deputy fully knew this not to be true.
“Obstruction of justice by law enforcement officers strikes at the heart of the fundamental right of every citizen accused of a crime to due process of the law,” said Acting Assistant Attorney General Jocelyn Samuels of the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice. “As the trial, verdict, and sentence in this case demonstrate, the Department of Justice and the Civil Rights Division will vigorously prosecute law enforcement officers who violate their sworn duty to respect and enforce the constitutional rights of every person.”
This case was investigated by the Louisville Division of the FBI and was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Roy Conn and Sanjay Patel of the Department of Justice Civil Right Division.
At least 81 reporters were killed doing their jobs this year, while violence and harassment against media staff has skyrocketed, the world's biggest journalists' organization says.
In its annual “Kill Report,” seen by The Associated Press, the International Federation of Journalists said the reporters lost their lives in targeted killings, car bomb attacks and crossfire incidents around the world.
More than 250 journalists were in prison in 2017.
The number of deaths as of December 29 was the lowest in a decade, down from 93 in 2016. The largest number were killed in Mexico, but many also died in conflict zones in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria.
The IFJ suspected but could not officially confirm that at least one other journalist was killed Thursday in an attack by an Islamic State suicide bomber on a Shiite cultural center in Kabul, in which at least 41 people died.
IFJ President Philippe Leruth said that while the drop in deaths “represents a downward trend, the levels of violence in journalism remain unacceptably high.”
He said the IFJ finds it “most disturbing that this decrease cannot be linked to any measure by governments to tackle the impunity for these crimes.”
Eight women journalists were killed, two in European democracies - Kim Wall in Denmark, who died on the submarine of an inventor she was writing about, and Maltese investigative journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia who was blown up by a bomb placed in her car.
Beyond the deaths, the IFJ warned that “unprecedented numbers of journalists were jailed, forced to flee, that self-censorship was widespread and that impunity for the killings, harassment, attacks and threats against independent journalism was running at epidemic levels.”
Turkey, where official pressure on the media has been ramped up since a failed coup attempt in July 2016, is becoming notorious for putting reporters behind bars. Some 160 journalists are jailed in Turkey - two-thirds of the global total - the report said.
The organization also expressed concern about India, the world's largest democracy, where it said that attacks on journalists are being motivated by violent populism.
Countries with the highest numbers of media killings:
Mexico: 13
Afghanistan: 11
Iraq: 11
Syria: 10
India: 6
Philippines: 4
Pakistan: 4
Nigeria: 3
Somalia: 3
Honduras: 3
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Legal and human rights groups in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) are pushing to change a law which requires transgender people to have surgery in order to change their legal gender.
Currently, trans people who want to be legally recognised in their true gender must have sex reassignment surgery, a requirement campaigners say is unnecessary and inhumane. It is also out of step with national laws which allow passport identity changes without surgery.
According to the Canberra Times, the ACT Law Reform Advisory Council has released a report with a range of recommendations to improve trans rights.
Along with the removal of the surgery requirement, the proposed changes will protect trans and intersex people from discrimination arising from mismatching identity documents – such as having passports and driving licences which show different names and genders.
Peter Hyndal, of support group A Gender Agenda, told the newspaper that the proposals to remove the surgery requirement were welcome but overdue.
“It's been a really, really long time since the issue was flagged and it would be nice to see the government move quickly,” he said.
“The surgical requirement as it stands is clearly a complete contravention of the human rights of sex and gender diverse people in the ACT.”
Attorney-General Simon Corbell called the report “a valuable insight” and said the ACT government would consider the recommendations as soon as possible.
Lyndon Johnson, shown in this August 1972 photo from the LBJ Presidential Library.
It is 4:46 p.m. on Jan. 2, 1973, and Lyndon Johnson speaks to Richard Nixon for the last time ever. Nixon calls LBJ at the Ranch to report that peace in Vietnam is near, urges him to use his house in Key Biscayne, Fla., where their mutual friend Bebe Rebozo lives, and ascertains that Johnson will not be attending a Washington memorial service for Harry Truman, who had died a week earlier. Johnson says that on the day before, New Year's day, he yelled too much at the University of Texas football game, and as a result, had to summon doctors because “I had heart pains all night.” Reproaching himself, Nixon says, “I called you at the wrong time!”
Listen to the conversation here:
Forty years ago this month, Lyndon Johnson was agonized to know that Americans thought of him as the architect not of equal rights and Medicare but the hated Vietnam War. Feeling like an unappreciated outcast, the ex-president, often depressed, repeatedly listened to Simon & Garfunkel's “Bridge Over Troubled Water.” It sounds incredible that LBJ should be attracted to that anthem by the passionately antiwar singers, until you remember the lyrics: “When you're weary, feeling small, when tears are in your eyes… And friends just can't be found…”
Johnson had suffered three major heart attacks and knew he did not have long to live. He incessantly recalled that Johnson men died before reaching 65 years old, and he was 64.
In December 1972, Johnson called civil rights leaders to his new Presidential library in Austin, Texas, to commemorate his landmark Civil Rights, Voting Rights and Fair Housing Acts. Suffering severe heart pains and startling the audience by popping a nitroglycerin capsule into his mouth, he lamented that he hadn't “done enough” to advance equal rights and closed by repeating the peroration of his famous 1965 speech to Congress, “We Shall Overcome!”
On Jan. 12, 1973, ten days before his death, Johnson summoned Walter Cronkite to the LBJ Ranch and, before CBS cameras, recalled his own transformation from a Senate candidate who had virtually endorsed white supremacy into the second greatest civil rights President of all time. Cronkite did not know that this would be LBJ's last interview — he should have paid more heed to Johnson's chatter about selling land and cattle (to minimize death taxes) and his obsessive smoking (LBJ claimed to Cronkite that it was better for his heart for him to smoke than for him to be nervous).
Lyndon Johnson spoke to Walter Cronkite, left, at his ranch near Stonewall, Texas, ten days before his death in January 1973. Photo by CBS
Johnson was napping in his ranch bedroom when he suffered his last massive coronary, called his beloved Secret Service agent Mike Howard and fell to the floor, almost instantly dead. It was exactly two days after the presidential term he would have served, had he run again in 1968, and almost the same moment that his successor, Richard Nixon, declared a peace in Vietnam that had eluded LBJ and would not last.
After Johnson's first heart attack in 1955, doctors had told him that if he ever started smoking again, he would kill himself. But almost as soon as he left the presidency, he resumed fierce chain smoking, overeating, and, sometimes, overdrinking. Some of his aides privately muttered that the boss was committing slow motion suicide. But when one of his horrified daughters begged him to stop the cigarettes, Johnson shook his head and exclaimed, “No, I've raised you girls, I've been president, and now it's my time!”
Michael Beschloss is a PBS NewsHour regular and can be reached on Twitter at @BeschlossDC.
Ms. Neon was almost positive she was going to be fired. After leaving Honey's room, she'd gone to adjust the chore schedule and take care of some of the more pressing paperwork. After ten minutes, she'd gone out to check on Nora, only to find the orange-haired girl was gone. She didn't panic, she just assumed Nora had gone to the backyard. Upon checking there, she began to feel a twinge of worry.
That twinge turned into full-blown panic after she'd finished checking Nora's room, the bathrooms, and the closets. She called the sheriff immediately, asking him and his men to help find Nora, which he said he'd do, although he didn't sound nearly as concerned as Ms. Neon, who was in a full blown terror, pacing up and down her office, glancing at her scroll every few seconds for a call.
She'd gone out to check the yard again, just in case Nora had come back, only to see Honey and her friends come walking up the walk, laughing in a horribly smug way, each with an ice cream. That was when Ms. Neon knew. She wasn't sure how she knew, she just knew that the three of them were responsible.
Ms. Neon ran up to them, Honey giving a little show of fake shock, saying, "Oh no, sorry Ms. Neon, sorry we snuck ou-OW!"
Honey was cut off as Ms. Neon closed the distance and tightly gripped the younger girl's arm, yanking her closer and asking in a forced voice, "Where's Nora, Honey!"
For the first time that Ms. Neon could remember, there was a look of genuine fear in the blonde girl's eyes. She was quiet for a moment before Ms. Neon squeezed a bit harder, drawing a sharp intake of breath and a pained wince. Ms. Neon could see her tearing up as she started saying, "I-I don't know, Ms. Neon, w-we were just getting-"
Ms. Neon cut her off, leaning down and looking even more furious, shouting, "Don't you dare lie to me, Honey! Where is she!" When Honey started to cry, stammering out what was clearly another denial, she let go of her, pointing to the front door, shouting, "You three, your rooms, NOW!" The three instantly ran past, Honey holding her arm where Ms. Neon gripped her, crying while Ms. Neon shouted after them, "And if anything happened to that girl, then you're going to be in far more trouble than you can even IMAGINE!"
Ms. Neon was breathing hard. She felt… she didn't feel good. She was worried sick about Nora, infuriated with Honey, and was starting to feel physically ill. How could she have let this happen? After all that girl had already gone through, now she was missing because of a petty brat! Ms. Neon practically ran back to her office, checking to see if the sheriff had called, only to find disappointment. Surely it shouldn't take this long, the town wasn't that big, was it?
After another hour of nothing, she really did become physically ill, almost not getting to the toilet in time. She had just left the bathroom, wiping at her mouth and looking for something to drink and get rid of the aftertaste when she heard a knock at the front door of the orphanage. Ms. Neon wasted no time, running to answer it.
She opened it, only to first find herself face to face with Mrs. Lie from across the street. Ms. Neon was confused at first, not having really spoken with her much. Mrs. Lie gave a smile, stepping to the side as she gestured behind her, asking, "I believe you lost someone?"
There, in the front yard was Nora, smiling and playing with Mrs. Lie's son. The little orange haired girl turned, beaming as she gave a little wave, saying, "Hi Ms. Neon!"
Nora was about to say more, explain why she was gone so long, only to be interrupted as Ms. Neon ran to her, practically sliding on her knees to pull the girl into a tight hug, crying, "Oh Nora, thank goodness you're alright!"
The older woman held her for a moment, squeezing her before pulling back. Nora saw tears in the woman's eyes as she asked, "You're alright, aren't you? You're not hurt?"
Nora blinked twice before she began to tear up, but she was smiling, hugging the woman as she responded. "I'm okay, Ms. Neon." She felt Ms. Neon's arms wrap around her in return, only making her cry harder as she apologized, "I'm sorry… I shouldn't have listened to Honey… I'm so sorry I worried you."
Ms. Neon let out a little chuckle, eyes shut tight. "It's okay, Nora, you don't have to be sorry." She did feel a hint of anger as Nora confirmed her suspicions about this being Honey's fault. Taking a breath before breaking the hug, she wiped her eyes, returning the smile to the tiny girl.
Nora wiped at her own tears, smiling in return before gasping happily, "Oh! Ms. Neon, I want you to meet someone!" She ran to Ren, the young boy having just been standing there in a kind of daze. He smiled a bit, opening his mouth to say something before the small girl grabbed his hand and tugged him over, causing him to stumble more than walk over. "This is Ren! He's my new best friend! And," pulling him along, Ms. Neon giggling a bit at the adorable display, she brought him to stand next to Ren's mother, who looked similarly amused, "And this is Ren's mom!"
Ms. Neon giggled softly before walking over, crouching down some while offering her hand, "Well, it's nice to see you again, Ren, and I'm very happy to hear you're Nora's friend." Ren smiled nervously, but took her hand and gave it a little shake. Looking to the other adult, she bowed her head some. "And thank you, Mrs. Lie, very much."
Mrs. Lie bowed her head just as deeply before saying, "Anything for a friend of Ren's. According to our young Ms. Valkyrie, the one to blame for this little situation is that Honey girl."
Ms. Neon frowned, sighing in annoyance as she replied, "Yeah, I worked that out… and believe me, I'll be dealing with that." Her smile returned as she looked down at Nora, giving her hair a little tousle as she continued, "First, I think Nora could use a nice bath and a warm dinner."
Nora gave a rather adorable pout as she asked, "Can I just have dinner, Ms. Neon?"
The two adults laughed softly, causing Nora to pout while Ren gave her a rather solemn pat on the shoulder for such a mundane situation. Mrs. Lie looked at her watch, realizing the time. "Alright Ren, say goodbye to your friend, it's getting late."
Ren nodded before looking to Nora, smiling some as he gave a little bow, saying, "It was really nice to meet you, Nora, and I hope we can play together more."
The young girl tilted her head in confusion at the bow before smiling and pulling him into a hug instead, saying, "I'm glad I met you too, Ren. Now Maggie and I have a new friend… I'm glad Honey left me there."
Ren blinked in confusion before smiling and returning the hug before they parted ways. Mrs. Lie led her son across the street to their home while Ms. Neon placed a hand on the young girl's shoulder, leading her back in the home, Nora almost skipping while hugging Maggie close.
After a warm bubble bath, a hot dinner, and even some ice cream for dessert, the young girl happy to finally get it after Honey's lies, and Ms. Neon was tucking the little girl into her bed, Nora yawning softly while snuggling Maggie close. Ms. Neon smiled, asking, "You remembered to use the bathroom and brush your teeth, right, sweetie?"
Nora smiled sleepily, nodding as she said, "Yes Ms. Neon, and thanks again for the ice cream."
Ms. Neon nodded, saying, "Then goodnight, Nora… and if you want, you can come by my room again, okay? I'm always here for all you guys."
The young girl nodded, smiling some before saying, "I think… I think I'll be okay tonight, but thank you… did you yell at Honey?"
Ms. Neon sighed, nodding as she said, "I… had a word with her, yes. Don't worry, I'll do my best to make sure she doesn't bully you again, okay?"
Nora nodded before closing her eyes, still smiling as she said, "Yeah, she stinks… but at least, because of her, Maggie and me got to make a new friend."
Ms. Neon chuckled, nodding as she gave the young girl a peck on the forehead before getting up and heading for the door, softly whispering, "That's right, sweetie… always look for the bright side." She didn't shut the door all the way, letting a small amount of light from the hallway come through before she made her way back to her office/bedroom.
She changed into her pajamas once there, but she couldn't sleep, not yet. Thanks to Honey's little 'prank', she'd been too busy working to find Nora to actually take care of the paperwork that still needed taking care of. She sighed softly, mumbling to herself, "Who needs a boyfriend when you have legal documents."
(First off, sorry it's been so long since I've put up an update, there's no excuse for that, and thank you all for all the support. This chapter isn't as long as the previous two, and I'm sorry about that as well, hope it's still enjoyable though.
Shout out to Challos on Reddit, where I'm known as Graxdon, for his mad editing skills on this chapter as well.)
Beginning of Story Content
Hey, Stephane Quintal, I'll make it easy for you: The rest of the playoffs and 41 games -- half a season -- for Matt Cooke as punishment for his hit on Tyson Barrie.
A history of violence
End of Story Content
Hey, Stephane Quintal, I'll make it easy for you: The rest of the playoffs and 41 games -- half a season -- for Matt Cooke It's been said a leopard can't change its spots. Can a skunk rid itself of that nasty smell? Apparently not.Cooke is that skunk. For a while, he seemed to have accomplished the near impossible by changing the reckless style of play that made him one of the most notorious players in NHL history. Early in his career he would target the knees of opponents and later he switched to delivering headshots, but for the past few seasons he toned down his game and was appropriately commended for his efforts.Cooke insisted he would continue to play an abrasive game, but those hits that were often ruled to be "intent to injure" would stop.He lied. And now, after six suspensions that resulted in him missing 25 regular-season and seven playoff games, Cooke must pay a huge price for Monday night's indiscretion.Cooke delivered a vicious knee-on-knee hit to Colorado's Tyson Barrie that resulted in the 22-year-old defenceman suffering a sprained medial collateral ligament that will sideline him for the next four to six weeks.Cooke has the option of a phone hearing or an in-person meeting with the NHL. The fact the league has given him the option of meeting in person suggests his impending suspension will be at least five games and probably more.But five games are not enough. Ten games are not enough. Cooke must be dealt with severely. His choir-boy behavior the past few seasons goes right out the window. It means nothing. He intentionally tries to injure opponents and he must be punished harshly.The problem facing the NHL is that, according to the collective bargaining agreement between the league and the NHL Players' Association, Cooke is not considered a repeat offender. However, the CBC's Elliotte Friedman reported the NHL believes that only applies to fines and not suspensions.That being the case, Cooke must go down.This is a guy who targeted Mats Sundin's knee, targeted Milan's Hejduk's knee, took out Eric Cole's knee, sliced Erik Karlsson's Achilles tendon, seriously injured Vinny Lecvalier's knee, nailed Matthew Lombardi in the head, smoked Ryan McDonagh in the head and, perhaps worst of all, drilled Marc Savard in the head on a blind-side hit that led to the Boston Bruins centre retiring prematurely.Not a repeat offender? Yeah, right!For as much as I admired Cooke's temporary compliance, his past should not -- must not -- be ignored. To heck with the CBA.Quite frankly, considering Cooke's numerous hits have been carried out on card-carrying NHLPA members, I do not know how that organization can justifiably come to his defence anymore. The NHLPA should insist the league throw the book at him.The hit on Barrie was downright ugly. Cooke lined him up, extended his knee and purposely targeted the Avalanche player's knee -- just like he has done so many times before.This is not entirely about history -- Cooke's or the league's. It's about the now and it's about the future. It's about the NHL continuing to raise its standard for fair and safe play. It's about hammering offenders -- head- and knee-hunters -- with the kind of suspensions that make them and others take notice.Enough with coming to the defence of the offender.While Quintal, who replaced Brendan Shanahan as the NHL's head disciplinarian, seems to be in a tough position for a guy just a few weeks on the job, he really isn't. In fact, the opposite is true.For starters, Quintal will not make this decision on his own. You can bet NHL executive vice president and director of hockey operations Colin Campbell will have a say in it, as will Bill Daly, the league's deputy commissioner. Heck, commissioner Gary Bettman may even weigh in on this one.This is an easy decision for all involved with deciding Cooke's punishment. It was Cooke that made it so easy for them. There is no defence for his actions.In 2012 Raffi Torres was suspended 25 games by the NHL for a headshot that knocked Chicago's Marian Hossa out of the playoffs. Torres missed 13 playoff games, and then, after his suspension was reduced to 21 games during the off-season, he missed the first eight games of the 2012-13 campaign.Cooke should be suspended for the remainder of the playoffs and for the first 41 games of next season.
Internet users are being asked to read random property numbers snapped by Google's Street View cameras, as part of new security checks.
The tests weed out "bots" by ensuring that users are human. But Google has been accused of exploiting the data submitted in by the public for commercial gain - by adding the information to its own mapping system.
Campaign groups said that the use of pictures of real house numbers presents “serious” security issues, and accused the internet company of being “underhand and crude”.
The pictures of house number, which are taken from doors and fences on its Street View mapping service, appear on Google's websites when internet users are asked security questions in order to access their accounts.
In order to gain access to the page, web users are asked to identify a blurry house number by typing it into a box.
The same image is presented to other Google users around the world at the same time. If enough people submit the same number, Google accepts they have accurately read the photo and are therefore not bots.
Traditionally these security checks – of which there are estimated 200 million a day - have involved typing blurred letters or words into a box.
Nick Pickles, director of privacy and civil liberties at Big Brother Watch, condemned the use of pictures of real house numbers as security questions.
“There is a serious privacy issue with identifying the individual number of people's homes,” he said.
Mr Pickles also accused Google of using the pictures to further its own interests.
This is because security questions that involve typing a word into a box actually form part of the technology company's Google Books project – which aims to digitize thousands of physical books that were written before the computer age.
When people type in garbled words they are helping the technology company to translate scanned images from old books where the ink used has bled or faded, meaning that the words can not be recognised by a computer programme.
Mr Pickles said that there is no such ‘public interest' use in retyping house numbers.
Rather, Google uses the affirmative identification of a house number to sharpen up the image on its Street View or Google Maps service.
"It is clear that Google sees the people who use its services as a commodity to be used up. To use the public as unwitting data loggers is both underhand and crude.
"The 'Don't be evil' mantra appears to have been replaced with a thirst for knowledge," he said.
A Google spokesman confirmed that it has launched a global trial using house numbers as security questions. He said that the pictures are only used in 10 per cent of all questions.
The spokesman said that there are no security risks as the pictures of the numbers are cropped very closely. All pictures are taken from public roads and highways, he added.
When someone types the number in correctly, Google will then sharpen up the online image, the spokesman said.
“We are currently running an experiment in which characters from Street View images are appearing in CAPTCHAs [the security system that Google owns].
“We often extract data such as street names and traffic signs from Street View imagery to improve Google Maps with useful information like business addresses and locations.
"Based on the data and results of these tests, we'll determine if using imagery might also be an effective way to further refine our tools for fighting machine and bot-related aduse online," the spokesman said.
Google said that it runs hundreds of trials such as this all the time. The aim is to make gaining access to websites safer, the spokesman said.
The company added: "We take privacy very seriously and the imagery used in this experiment does not contain full details of addresses. We only use images of numbers, street names and traffic signs taken on public property.
"There is no geographical, individual or contextual information attached to the images whatsoever."
The point of security systems such as CAPTCHA is to stop legitimate websites being flooded with unwanted internet spam.
iStockphoto
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
IT IS an oft-told story, but it does not get any less horrific on repetition. Fifteen years ago, a paedophile enticed seven-year-old Megan Kanka into his home in New Jersey by offering to show her a puppy. He then raped her, killed her and dumped her body in a nearby park. The murderer, who had recently moved into the house across the street from his victim, had twice before been convicted of sexually assaulting a child. Yet Megan's parents had no idea of this. Had they known he was a sex offender, they would have told their daughter to stay away from him.
In their grief, the parents started a petition, demanding that families should be told if a sexual predator moves nearby. Hundreds of thousands signed it. In no time at all, lawmakers in New Jersey granted their wish. And before long, “Megan's laws” had spread to every American state.
America's sex-offender laws are the strictest of any rich democracy. Convicted rapists and child-molesters are given long prison sentences. When released, they are put on sex-offender registries. In most states this means that their names, photographs and addresses are published online, so that fearful parents can check whether a child-molester lives nearby. Under the Adam Walsh Act of 2006, another law named after a murdered child, all states will soon be obliged to make their sex-offender registries public. Such rules are extremely popular. Most parents will support any law that promises to keep their children safe. Other countries are following America's example, either importing Megan's laws or increasing penalties: after two little girls were murdered by a school caretaker, Britain has imposed multiple conditions on who can visit schools.
Which makes it all the more important to ask whether America's approach is the right one. In fact its sex-offender laws have grown self-defeatingly harsh (see article). They have been driven by a ratchet effect. Individual American politicians have great latitude to propose new laws. Stricter curbs on paedophiles win votes. And to sound severe, such curbs must be stronger than the laws in place, which in turn were proposed by politicians who wished to appear tough themselves. Few politicians dare to vote against such laws, because if they do, the attack ads practically write themselves.
In all, 674,000 Americans are on sex-offender registries—more than the population of Vermont, North Dakota or Wyoming. The number keeps growing partly because in several states registration is for life and partly because registries are not confined to the sort of murderer who ensnared Megan Kanka. According to Human Rights Watch, at least five states require registration for people who visit prostitutes, 29 require it for consensual sex between young teenagers and 32 require it for indecent exposure. Some prosecutors are now stretching the definition of “distributing child pornography” to include teens who text half-naked photos of themselves to their friends.
How dangerous are the people on the registries? A state review of one sample in Georgia found that two-thirds of them posed little risk. For example, Janet Allison was found guilty of being “party to the crime of child molestation” because she let her 15-year-old daughter have sex with a boyfriend. The young couple later married. But Ms Allison will spend the rest of her life publicly branded as a sex offender.
Several other countries have sex-offender registries, but these are typically held by the police and are hard to view. In America it takes only seconds to find out about a sex offender: some states have a “click to print” icon on their websites so that concerned citizens can put up posters with the offender's mugshot on trees near his home. Small wonder most sex offenders report being harassed. A few have been murdered. Many are fired because someone at work has Googled them.
Registration is often just the start. Sometimes sex offenders are barred from living near places where children congregate. In Georgia no sex offender may live or work within 1,000 feet (300 metres) of a school, church, park, skating rink or swimming pool. In Miami an exclusion zone of 2,500 feet has helped create a camp of homeless offenders under a bridge.
There are three main arguments for reform. First, it is unfair to impose harsh penalties for small offences. Perhaps a third of American teenagers have sex before they are legally allowed to, and a staggering number have shared revealing photographs with each other. This is unwise, but hardly a reason for the law to ruin their lives. Second, America's sex laws often punish not only the offender, but also his family. If a man who once slept with his 15-year-old girlfriend is barred for ever from taking his own children to a playground, those children suffer.
Third, harsh laws often do little to protect the innocent. The police complain that having so many petty sex offenders on registries makes it hard to keep track of the truly dangerous ones. Cash that might be spent on treating sex offenders—which sometimes works—is spent on huge indiscriminate registries. Public registers drive serious offenders underground, which makes them harder to track and more likely to reoffend. And registers give parents a false sense of security: most sex offenders are never even reported, let alone convicted.
It would not be hard to redesign America's sex laws. Instead of lumping all sex offenders together on the same list for life, states should assess each person individually and include only real threats. Instead of posting everything on the internet, names could be held by the police, who would share them only with those, such as a school, who need to know. Laws that bar sex offenders from living in so many places should be repealed, because there is no evidence that they protect anyone: a predator can always travel. The money that a repeal saves could help pay for monitoring compulsive molesters more intrusively—through ankle bracelets and the like.
In America it may take years to unpick this. However practical and just the case for reform, it must overcome political cowardice, the tabloid media and parents' understandable fears. Other countries, though, have no excuse for committing the same error. Sensible sex laws are better than vengeful ones.
Usual caveats apply: it's still early, it's only an exit poll etc etc. But even on the early evidence, there are signs of a fascinating trend in these election results, a trend that suggests Ukip really has been the decisive force -- just not quite in the way most people expected.
It starts with the collapse in the Lib Dem vote. The destination of Lib Dem switchers has always been one of the most important aspects of this election. Labour had hoped and assumed that most of those former Lib Dems would go to Labour. But it may be that they're actually going to Ukip.
In three seats in Sunderland, and one in Swindon, the results show the Lib Dem vote collapsed but Labour didn't benefit much. The Ukip vote, meanwhile, jumped.
Key party policies Rapid referendum on Britain's membership for the European Union Control immigration with points-based system, cap of 50,000 skilled migrant workers per year and five year ban on unskilled immigration Meet Nato target of spending 2 per cent of GDP on defence Extra £3 billion for the NHS per year No tax on the minimum wage
At a glance, going from Lib Dem to Ukip looks like a big jump: from a broadly left-wing party to a right-wing one. But actually, it makes a certain sense: the Lib Dems were the anti-establishment party in 2010, Ukip are the anti-establishment party now.
Some Labour people believe it's happening. Alan Johnson, a former Labour Cabinet minister, says this: "The Lib Dem collapse hasn't come to us, some has gone to Ukip, some has gone to Tories."
• UKIP only live blog
If this is a national trend, it's a disaster for Ed Miliband. He was relying on Lib Dem switchers to put Labour on level pegging with the Tories. If they're going elsewhere, his entire strategy for the election is flawed.
It also turns on its head another accepted truism of modern politics, that Ukip is primarily a problem for the Conservatives. In fact, Ukip is looking like the force that killed Ed Miliband's hopes of power -- and kept David Cameron in power.
• What time are the election results announced?
Los Angeles City Council Wastes Major Tax Dollars In Their Efforts To Interfere With L.A. Medical Patients' Access To Their Medications
By Phyllis Pollack
The Los Angeles City Council's decision to ignore the fact that the majority of their constituents support the use of medical marijuana, and its availability through legitimately run medical marijuana dispensaries, is already costing the financially depleted city thousands of dollars.
The City Council's financial throwaway has already begun to take effect, even before their ban has shut down any dispensaries.
The Council's anti-patient political move irrefutably demonstrates gross fiscal negligence, and a vast waste of money and resources on their part.
While the City Council's members are happy to shut off the millions of dollars in tax revenues that have been coming into the city's financially strapped coffers from medical marijuana dispensaries, there are other fiscal ramifications, directly emanating from their senseless decision.
Spearheaded by Councilman Jose Huizar, their September 6 ban is nothing less than yet another financial drain on a depressed economy in a city that in May, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported with 10.2% unemployment. With California's 10.8% jobless rate, only two states have a higher unemployment rate than CA.
The City Council is hoping to increase the number of Los Angeles residents that are on unemployment by the thousands, as a direct result of shutting down these establishments.
Ironically, the city's tab will also increase, due to the exponential cost of the City Council enlisting the LAPD's involvement in helping to force medical patients to purchase their meds from gang members.
When the Los Angeles City Council voted for a ban on medical marijuana collectives and dispensaries on June 24, they certainly knew there would be a major legal battle ensuing immediately. They were keenly aware of the pricy legal expenses that the City of Los Angeles and its taxpayers would be paying as a result of their witless decision to coerce medical patients into buying marijuana from shady drug dealers on the streets, instead of purchasing them from reputable dispensaries.
While waging their war against medical patients, the City Council has also been conscious of the obvious fact that their ill conceived decision to ban medical marijuana dispensaries will end up in a referendum on the ballot.
In response to the City Council's ban, approximately 50 thousand signatures were turned in by advocates. The petition drive opposing the City Council's decision only lasted nine days. It was started on August 11.
Of the 50 thousand signatures generated, only 27,480 of the signatures need to be valid. Kimberly Briggs, who serves as the media specialist for the Los Angeles City Clerk's office, told The 420 Times that the L.A. City Council's ban on dispensaries will be suspended once the petitions are submitted to the City Clerk's office.
As a result of this, "The ban will not be enforced," she emphasized. It will disempower the September 6 ban.
Briggs commented, "Once we receive the petition with the signatures on it, we have to do an official count first."
As far as how long it will take to verify the signatures, Briggs says, "It depends on the workload at the office, what time the petition is submitted, and when we start. So there is no guarantee specifically, as to when we start counting."
"But we do have fifteen calendar days to start verifying the signatures," she confirms. She explains that it is fifteen days when the City Clerk verifies a random sampling. However, if their office decides to verify all the signatures, it will be on a thirty-day timeline.
According to the City Clerk's initial estimate, it will take twenty city employees to help count and verify a random sampling of signatures.
However, if the department decides to do a full review and verification of all the signatures, it will take thirty days, and it will require even more people that will have to be recruited for the process.
Briggs says of the expense of the verification process, "Be aware that these are preliminary cost estimates. The costs of reviewing the petition can vary, based on the quality of the petition, as well as factors."
"If enough signatures are submitted, we will use a random sample methodology that usually takes that 15 days," she states.
Briggs says in that case, using a random sample, "The estimated cost of review is approximately $60,000.00."
According to Briggs, "If on the other hand, we have to review every signature submitted to verify that there are enough valid signatures, the cost would be approximately $250,000.00."
All of these expenses come from L.A. resident's tax dollars.
Conversely, the referendum against the City Council's ban was paid for by The Greater Los Angeles Alliance Collective Alliance (GLACA), the UFCW Local 770, and the Los Angeles Chapter of Americans For Safe Access (ASA). "The Committee To Protect Patients and Neighborhoods is the alliance of those three organizations," says longtime activist and head of GLACA, Yami Bolanos of PureLife Alternative Wellness Center. "It was just the three of us that raised the money, that collected the signatures, and that will submit them" to the City Clerk.
Bolanos points to more money that the City Council is squandering money in yet another way with this issue.
"The city (Council) should deal with us now," emphasizes Bolanos, "Instead of putting this off until March, when they're going to have to spend a couple millions dollars on an election."
She is emphatic as she declares, "The city should deal with this now."
Bolanos maintains, "They need to keep the pre-ICO dispensaries open until they figure out a better way to bring access to (the city's patients)."
Don Duncan, California director of Americans For Safe Access, notes, "The next time that the City Council meets, they have two choices. They can either just repeal the ordinance when they know that we qualify, or they could say, 'We see that,' and do something else, or they could put it to a vote." He contends that such action would not likely take place until a minimum of 110 days after the signatures have been determined to be valid. That means the next likely time would be March. Duncan notes, "The City Council could call for an election earlier than March, but it doesn't make good economic sense to call for a special election when there's a vote coming up in March anyway. So we just expect to put it on the March ballot. '
Because of the signatures, Duncan says, "Everyone should be able to stay open until March."
"That is my understanding," he confirmed.
"Everyone should be able to stay open until the referendum," he said.
He then added that he is speaking of the City Council's ban, and it of course, would not include any unrelated, random raids by federal agents.
Regarding the chaotic mess the City Council has created, Bolanos, who runs a Pre-ICO dispensary, stresses her desire to see the City Council make a decision before March. "The city should allow the pre-ICO collectives, the ones that were open prior to September 14, 2007 to stay open, to serve the community, and to serve the patients, until the city (Council) can figure out what the hell they're doing."
Irrefutably, Los Angeles voters need to elect a new City Council that will stop interfering with medical patients, and that will stop trying to force them into dealing with dangerous drug dealers.
NSC's Ben Rhodes Busted for Lying about the Syrian Opposition and Al-Qaeda
al-Hamra Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 19, 2017
By Mohammed Alaa Ghanem, Director of Government Relations, Syrian American Council
Outgoing National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes' comments on Syria, published yesterday in Politico Magazine, are nothing short of an effort to rewrite history. Rhodes stated, “I met with the Syrian opposition, and often they would argue that we should work with al-Nusra, who we know is Al Qaeda.”
As Government Relations Director of the Syrian American Council, I frequently relayed messages from moderate Syrian opposition figures of all stripes to the White House. I also briefed the National Security Council on multiple occasions. At no point did I hear from my Syrian opposition contacts, who had more cause to speak frankly with me than with Mr. Rhodes, that they desired for the U.S. to work with Al-Qaeda. Furthermore, the National Security Council repeatedly waved off opportunities that I presented to them to weaken extremists and strengthen moderates in Syria.
In late 2014, I was involved in outreach to the Administration on behalf of Harakat Hazzm, a Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebel group that was then fighting pitched battles against both ISIS and Nusra. The White House repeatedly shrugged off their requests for increased assistance; when they were overtaken by Nusra, they were receiving under 20 bullets a month per fighter.
A second FSA coalition, the Authenticity and Development Front, asked for greater military assistance to fight ISIS after the fall of Mosul. Though I personally briefed the National Security Council and provided names of operations rooms, names of commanders, their battle strategy, and a list of desired weapons — mainly anti-tank — the White House again shrugged them off and allowed eastern Syria to fall to ISIS.
A few months later, I briefed the NSC on behalf of anti-ISIS rebels in Aleppo and requested airstrikes against ISIS — just like the airstrikes then being conducted in Kobani — on their behalf. The main objection I received from the National Security Council at this time was that helping moderate rebels against ISIS risked strengthening the rebels, which would weaken Assad, which would anger Iran and jeopardize U.S. troops in Iraq. Based on this convoluted logic, the rebels' request for airstrikes was denied.
Finally, the Syrian American Council participated in a National Security Council meeting, after the siege of Aleppo began, in which we requested increased support to Free Syrian Army rebels in the western suburbs who might have been able to break the siege. We were rebuffed out of hand and told that the White House was interested only in “creative” solutions that did not involve escalation against Assad regime. I wonder if Mr. Rhodes views last month's slaughter in Aleppo as sufficiently “creative.”
Mr. Rhodes stated yesterday that he regards the President's refusal to stop the slaughter in Syria as “one of his best decisions” because “in the Middle East…you aren't going to make people happy. We cannot resolve issues internal to these countries.” Such callous, if not racist, views are well within his rights to express as a private citizen. But Mr. Rhodes was appointed this week by President Obama to the board of the United States National Holocaust Memorial Museum, and the attitudes he has expressed time and again are in no way congruent with the values of that esteemed institution.
Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel publicly chastised President Obama for inaction in Syria and urged a stronger response to the 2013 Sarin massacre. It outrages the conscience to imagine Mr. Rhodes stating, in a Holocaust Museum meeting on responsibility to protect, “you aren't going to make people happy. We cannot resolve issues internal to these countries.”
Such callous attitudes are a major reason that the Holocaust was allowed to occur, and they must not be perpetuated. For this reason, I hope that the Holocaust Museum will take what measures it can to see that Mr. Rhodes is removed from his post.
Image caption Heavily armed police could be seen inside the Jacarezinho slum
Hundreds of Brazilian police officers backed by armoured cars and helicopters have moved to take control of two Rio de Janeiro slums notorious for drugs.
Some 1,500 police and commandos took part in the operation in the northern favelas of Jacarezinho and Manguinhos, which began at 05:00 (08:00 GMT).
The no-go areas are known as centres for the trafficking of crack cocaine.
Brazil has been trying to clean up its most dangerous regions ahead of the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympics.
The raids are part of a policy known as "pacification" which was adopted in recent years to help the state establish a more permanent presence in shanty towns.
The drug gangs' gunmen apparently retreated ahead of the operation and there appeared to be little resistance.
Brazil is the world's largest consumer of crack cocaine, and the second largest consumer of cocaine and derivative drugs after the US, according to a study released last month by the São Paulo Federal University.
House searches
Up to 2,000 police, including elite forces supported by soldiers from the Brazilian navy, took part in the operation backed by armoured vehicles and helicopters.
Moving in groups of eight, police made their way through the alleys of Jacarezinho, searching houses, while armoured cars took up position beside rubbish dumps, news agency AFP reported.
Some residents of the favela could be seen looking out of their windows at the advancing police, while others broke down in tears when their homes were searched.
BBC Brasil's Julia Carneiro says that police have "pacified" more than 20 shanty towns in recent years.
The policy represents a shift in strategy for authorities in the city, she says.
In the past police units would enter favelas and engage in gun battles with drug gangs before making arrests and then leaving the area, which could result in the deaths of civilians who had nothing to do with drug trafficking.
The policy of pacification has been praised for establishing state control in areas that were previously controlled by heavily armed drug traffickers, but in some areas people have complained of police violence and corruption.
This is a list of patron saints of occupations and activities or of groups of people with a common occupation or activity.
A [ edit ]
B [ edit ]
C [ edit ]
D [ edit ]
E [ edit ]
F [ edit ]
G [ edit ]
H [ edit ]
I [ edit ]
J [ edit ]
K [ edit ]
L [ edit ]
M [ edit ]
N [ edit ]
O [ edit ]
P [ edit ]
Q [ edit ]
Quentin – bombardiers, chaplains, locksmiths, porters, tailors, surgeons
R [ edit ]
S [ edit ]
T [ edit ]
U [ edit ]
V [ edit ]
W [ edit ]
X [ edit ]
Y [ edit ]
Yves – lawyers
Z [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Note 1: Check out my review of Ancient Stone Tablets, Chapter 2 and BS Legend of Zelda!
Note 2: This game was played on an original model SNES console with S-Video cables. The console was connected to a 32-inch HD tv.
Quick History: BS Legend of Zelda: Ancient Stone Tablets is known as BS Zelda no Densetsu: Inishie no Sekiban in Japan. It was released in 1997, only in Japan. It was a download available on the Broadcast Satellaview, an attachment that connected to the Super Famicom (Japanese SNES). Originally, the game was split into 4 parts (or chapters), and gamers would play a different chapter on Sunday when the download became available (every Sunday, for 4 consecutive weeks). Your progress was saved at the end of each chapter and carried over to the next week, and the 4 chapters were all a part of one continuous story. Neither the full game nor individual chapters were ever made available in cartridge form in Japan or the U.S. The game would have been lost forever had it not been for some ingenious Zelda enthusiasts. These gamers, from what I can gather, combined a rom of the original downloads with exact replica designs of the layouts of dungeons that had been viewed from old Japanese VCR tapes of gameplay. They created what is as close to the original game as possible. To those enthusiasts, I say, ‘Thank you.' They translated the game, and put in a lot of hard work to make it play properly. Today, you can play the 4 separate chapters on a computer emulator and save your progress as you go along between chapters. While some SNES reproduction-makers are now able to put all 4 roms onto a single cartridge, I have each of the games on individual cartridges. This review is for SNES Legend of Zelda: Ancient Stone Tablets, Chapter 1.
Story: You don't play as Link in Ancient Stone Tablets, Chapter 1. Instead, you play as a nameless Boy or Girl character – these were the ‘mascot' characters for the Broadcast Satellaview. The Boy wears a baseball cap turned backwards. The Girl has red hair pulled back in a ponytail. The story goes that your character walked into a Fortune Teller's tent and was transported via a beam of light to Hyrule, 6 years after the events of Zelda: A Link to the Past (if you're familiar with that game). You are discovered, unconscious, by the wise man Aginah (younger brother of Sahasrala from LTTP) and Princess Zelda. Around the time you arrive, monsters start attacking Hyrule, and because Link is away on an adventure, Zelda believes you are the new Hero of Light who will protect the realm and discover why the monsters are attacking.
Gameplay: In Ancient Stone Tablets, Chapter 1, you have 50 minutes to beat 2 dungeons, rescue Princess Zelda, and acquire certain weapons and items. In the top left hand corner of the screen is a clock – it begins at 1:06, and it (and the game) ends at 1:56. You cannot stop this clock, even by pausing the game when you pull up the item menu – keep this in mind when you start playing this game. You awaken in the ‘secret hideout' of Aginah, and that is where your adventure begins. The original Broadcast Satellaview download of Chapter 1 had live voice actors (playing the role of Aginah, Zelda, and a Fortune Teller) who would tell you (in Japanese) where to go at certain times in your 50 minute play session, and they gave you hints. Because that wasn't possible to re-create, the Zelda enthusiasts who worked on this game translated the script of these voice actors, and it appears as on-screen text at the bottom of the screen during gameplay. Certain events happen at certain times during gameplay. For example, faeries appear on screen at 1:10. It starts raining in the Overworld at 1:23.
Control: If you've ever played Zelda: A Link to the Past for the SNES, this game uses the same control scheme. B swings your sword. Y uses your alternate item (like your bow & arrow or lamp). A dash once you have the Pegasus Shoes. X opens up the Overworld map or Dungeon map. Start pulls up your menu in order for you to change your alternate items. Pressing R while in the menu pulls up the Week's (Chapter's) Goals, showing you everything you are expected to acquire or accomplish during your 50 minutes.
High Score: This game, in Japan, was originally intended as a type of high score game, in addition to just an adventure game. You get a certain number of points towards your ‘Score' (viewable by pressing Start on your menu screen) for opening treasure chests, defeating the 2 bosses in the 2 dungeons, collecting heart pieces, and rescuing Zelda and returning her to the castle, among a few other things. When the clock reaches 1:56, after the ending plays, you'll see a high score screen with your total for ‘Week 1' (Chapter 1).
XL Bag: At the beginning of the game, Aginah gives you the XL bag, which contains the Net, a Bottle, the Lamp, and the Ocarina. The Ocarina can be played on the Overworld to transport you between the 2 dungeons and the Magic Shop. Within the dungeons, the Ocarina will transport you back to the entrance.
Autosave: The cartridge ‘autosaves' your game. If you turn off the power or reset the game in the middle of gameplay, your progress will automatically be saved to the exact minute where you were.
Sound & Music: I'm not sure if it was part of the original Broadcast Satellaview game, but all of the music in this game comes from the popular and well-known SNES game, Zelda: A Link to the Past. The music is excellent, as are the sound effects.
Additional Notes:
Wait, so the entire game is only 50 minutes? I don't quite understand. Yes, BS Zelda: Ancient Stone Tablets, Chapter 1 is only 50 minutes, and represents only 25% of the original game. Originally, you would save your progress at the end of Chapter 1, and it would be carried over into Chapter 2, where a new section of the Overworld map would become open to you, 2 new dungeons would be available for you to explore, and the story would continue. The same would happen with Chapter 3 and Chapter 4. This game cartridge, however, is only for Chapter 1. You are only able to explore a certain portion of the Overworld map (rocks or other obstacles prevent you from going further). You are only able to explore the first 2 dungeons and collect the first 2 pieces (of 8) of the Ancient Stone Tablets. You only begin to unravel the mystery of why you're in Hyrule, what the Tablets mean, and why the monsters are attacking. In essence, unless you play the other 3 chapters (which are possible to play on SNES cartridges, even without having ‘saved' progress from Chapter 1 – more on this later), you have to view this game as a microcosm, and its ending is the proverbial cliff-hanger.
Goals: In Chapter 1, these are your objectives: Defeat the 2 dungeons and obtain the first 2 stone tablets. Gain 4 heart containers (2 from defeating the dungeon's bosses, 2 from gathering 8 separate heart pieces hidden throughout the game). Obtain the Sword, Shield, Flippers, Pegasus Shoes, Bow & Arrows, and Boomerang. Oh, and be sure to rescue Princess Zelda, find the Mole character, and play the Pot-Smashing game (all optional).
So, where can I find this game? Some SNES reproduction websites can create Legend of Zelda: Ancient Stone Tablets, Chapter 1 for you, and some even have all 4 chapters on a single cartridge. You can also play the game on a computer emulator.
Similarities to Zelda: A Link to the Past: This game is not a re-make of A Link to the Past, as the story clearly sets Ancient Stone Tablets 6 years after the events of that game. However, because it is set in the same world, locations in both games are essentially found in the same place. There are additions to the Overworld made in Ancient Stone Tablets. Other changes were made as well. Here's the best one: The Pegasus Shoes' function has been altered in Ancient Stone Tablets – you can now dash non-stop in all directions. You can turn on a dime, and this makes traversing the Overworld and dungeons much faster.
Conclusion: I've watched videos of the original downloaded version of Ancient Stone Tablets from Japan in 1997. Those who made this game available for play did an amazing job making this game as close to the original as possible. What is great about this game is that it is an original Zelda game, undiscovered by many Zelda fans. Ancient Stone Tablets: Chapter 1 is very easy, also. The 2 dungeons in the game are quite simple, and you shouldn't have any trouble beating the game without losing a life. Trying to get a high score in the game adds replayability. However, because this cartridge represents only 25% of a larger game, you'll want to continue after you've beaten it, but sadly, that's the end of the game on this SNES cartridge.
The Southern Gentleman's Opinion and Letter Grade: A chance to play an obscure Zelda game on a Super Nintendo, even if it is only 50 minutes of gameplay? Yep, it's still awesome. Recommended. A
Few terms are more misunderstood than “urban sprawl.” Generally, it refers to the spatial expansion (dispersion) of cities and has been used to describe urbanization from the most dense (least sprawling) in the world (Dhaka, Bangladesh), the most dense in the United States (Los Angeles) and also the least dense in the world (such as Atlanta and Charlotte, low density world champions in their population categories).
The discussion of density and dispersion is often confused, a prisoner of pre-conceived notions about various urban areas. Boston is in a class by itself in this regard. Boston certainly deserves its reputation for a high density urban core and a strong CBD. Yet, Boston itself represents only a small part of the urbanization in its commute shed, which is a combined statistical area (CSA) or stand-alone metropolitan area (Note 2). The CSA is the largest labor market definition and combines adjacent metropolitan areas with strong commuting ties. The city of Boston had only 8% of the Boston-Worcester-Providence CSA population in 2010.
Much of the Boston CSA is made up of extensive, low density suburbanization more akin to Atlanta or Charlotte than to Los Angeles, which has the densest suburbs.
The Boston Combined Statistical Area
In contrast to its reputation for compactness, the Boston CSA is massive in its geography, covering more than 9,700 square miles (25,000 square kilometers). It is larger than Slovenia or Israel. The CSA stretches across parts of four states, including the eastern half of Massachusetts, all of Rhode Island, a large southeastern corner of New Hampshire and the northeastern corner of Connecticut. It includes the Boston, Providence, Worcester, Manchester and Barnstable Town metropolitan areas and the Concord (NH) and Laconia (NH) micropolitan areas.
Boston is the only CSA in the nation that includes three state capitals, Boston (Massachusetts), Providence (Rhode Island) and Concord (New Hampshire). It is the only CSA in the nation that contains the largest municipalities in three states, Boston, Providence and Manchester (New Hampshire).
The Boston CSA also includes multiple CBDs, from the fifth largest in the nation, Boston, to much smaller, but historically significant Providence, Worcester, and Manchester.
Consider this: The Boston CSA is more than 200 miles (320 kilometers) from the southernmost point, Westerly, Rhode Island to the northernmost point, on the shores of Lake Winnipesaukee, north of Laconia, New Hampshire and more than a third the way to Montréal. Westerly itself is less than 50 miles (80 kilometers) from the New York combined statistical area, which begins at Madison, Connecticut across the New Haven County line. From Boston's easternmost point near Provincetown, at the end of Cape Cod, it is more than 225 miles (360 kilometers) to Lake Winnipesaukee. From Provincetown to Athol, Massachusetts, to the west is more than 180 miles (290 kilometers).
Urbanization in the Boston CSA
But perhaps the most remarkable feature of this “Greater Greater Boston” is the extent of its urbanization (Note 3). The urban areas within the Boston CSA cover 3,640 square miles (9,400 square kilometers). This includes the dominant urban area of Boston (4.2 million), Providence (1.1 million), Worcester (0.5 million), which have largely grown together and a number of other urban areas. The urbanization is illustrated in the photograph above, which superimposes a Census Bureau maps of Boston's urbanization and the Boston CSA, both on a Google Earth image. The CSA is a “reddish” color, while the urban areas are more “pinkish,” and completely enclosed in the CSA.
If all of Boston's urbanization were a single urban area, it would be the third most expansive in the world (Figure 1), following the combined urban area of New York-Bridgeport-New Haven (4,500 square miles or 11,600 square kilometers) and Tokyo-Yokohama (3,300 square miles or 8,500 square kilometers).
There is a big difference, however, in the intensity of development between the urbanization in these labor markets. The urban population of the Boston CSA is 7.1 million (Figure 2). The urbanization of the New York CSA has more than three times as many people (23 million), but covers only about 1.5 times the land area. Tokyo, with a tenth less land area, has more than five times the population (38 million). With a density of 1,941 per square mile (750 per square kilometer), the urbanization of Boston is 60% less dense (Figure 3) than the urbanization of the Los Angeles CSA (5,020 per square mile or 1,940 per square kilometer), which includes the Inland Empire urban area of Riverside-San Bernardino.
Pre-World War II Boston is largely confined within the Route 128 semi-circumferential highway (most of it now called Interstate 95), had a 2010 population of approximately 1.9 million, with a population density of 6,300 per square mile (2,400 per square kilometer). The core city of Boston is among the most dense in the United States, with a 2014 density of 13,300 per square mile (5,200 per square kilometer). It is also very successful, having experienced a strong population turnaround, after falling from 801,000 residents in 1950 to 562,000 in 1980 (a 30% loss). By 2014, the city had recovered nearly 40% of its former population, rising to 656,000.
Suburban Densities
But once you get outside of 128, Boston's urban population density fall steeply. If the denser urbanization inside Route 128 and the historic, dense municipalities of Providence, Worcester and Manchester are excluded, the remainder of Boston's urbanization has a population density of 1,435 per square mile (550 per square kilometer). This is less dense than Atlanta's urbanization outside the city of Atlanta. Overall, the Atlanta urban area is the least dense in the world with more than 2.5 million population. Approximately two-thirds of the Boston CSA urban population lives in these sparsely settled suburbs (Figure 4).
If the Boston CSA were as dense as the Los Angeles urban form, the population would be 18.3 million, not 7.1 million, more than 2.5 times as -people as now reside there.
In many ways, Boston is the epitome of the dispersed urban development that followed World War II. Once one of the nation's densest urban areas, it has evolved into one of the least. What distinguishes Boston from other low density urban areas, like Atlanta, Charlotte or Birmingham (Alabama) is that is core well reflects the urban form built for the pre-automobile age.
Employment Dispersion
As would be expected, Boston's highly dispersed urbanization has been accompanied by highly dispersed employment. Despite having the fifth largest CBD in the nation, Boston's “hub” accounts for only 6% of the CSA employment. In the 1950s and 1960s, Route 128 became the nation's first high-tech corridor and has been referred to as the birthplace of the modern industrial park. But most people work outside 128.
Despite Boston's huge urban expanse the average trip travel time is only 29 minutes. This is slightly above the US average of 26 minutes and 18 minutes shorter than Hong Kong, the high-income world's densest urban area. Hong Kong's urban density is more than 30 times that of Boston's urbanization.
One of the World's Most Prosperous Metropolitan Areas
Highly dispersed Boston has emerged as one of the world's most affluent areas. According to the Brookings Global Metro Monitor, the Boston metropolitan area has the fourth largest GDP per capita, purchasing power parity, in the world. Boston trailed only Macau, nearby Hartford and San Jose, the world's leading technology hub. Two other Boston CSA metropolitan areas were successful enough to be included in the top 100 in the Brookings data. The Providence and Worcester metropolitan areas ranked in the top 100 (like 65 other US metropolitan areas), at about the same level as Vienna, while leading Brussels and Tokyo. Overall, Boston has to rank as one of the country's – and the world's most successful labor markets. It has done so while not being denser but while combining the virtues of both a successful core city and a large, expansive periphery.
Note 1: Cites have two generic forms, physical and economic (or functional). The physical form is the continuously built-up area, called the urban area or the urban agglomerations. This is the area that would be outlined by the lights of the city from a high flying airplane at night. The economic form is the labor market (metropolitan area or combined statistical area), which includes the urban area but stretches to include rural areas and other areas from which commuters are drawn. There is considerable confusion about urban terms, especially when applied to municipalities when called “cities,” Municipalities are not themselves generic cities, but are usually parts of generic cities. Some municipalities may be larger than their corresponding generic cities (principally in China).
Note 2: “Commute sheds” encompass core based statistical areas, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget. including combined statistical areas, as well as metropolitan and micropolitan areas that are not a part of combined statistical areas), Combined statistical areas themselves are formed by strong commuting patterns between adjacent metropolitan and micropolitan areas. A table of all 569 commuter sheds is posted to demographia.com.
Note 3: Combined statistical areas (and metropolitan areas) often have more than one urban area. This article combines all of the urban areas in the Boston CSA, rather than focusing only on the principal urban area, Boston. Comparisons are made to the total urbanization (not the principal urban areas) of other CSAs in the United States.
Wendell Cox is Chair, Housing Affordability and Municipal Policy for the Frontier Centre for Public Policy (Canada), is a Senior Fellow of the Center for Opportunity Urbanism (US), a member of the Board of Advisors of the Center for Demographics and Policy at Chapman University (California) and principal of Demographia, an international public policy and demographics firm.
He is co-author of the “Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey” and author of “Demographia World Urban Areas” and “War on the Dream: How Anti-Sprawl Policy Threatens the Quality of Life.” He was appointed to three terms on the Los Angeles County Transportation Commission, where he served with the leading city and county leadership as the only non-elected member. He served as a visiting professor at theConservatoire National des Arts et Metiers,a national university in Paris.
Photo: Second largest geographical expanse of labor market urbanization in the world (Boston). US Census Bureau maps superimposed on Google Earth.
[Originally published at New Geography]
Local people say the missile was launched from an unmanned drone aircraft and that the dead were believed to be militants.
The Pakistan military says it was not involved in the incident in the village of Danday Darpakhel.
In Washington the Pentagon has denied that a US drone plane from Afghanistan was involved.
"Every indication was that there was no US military involvement in this activity that you've seen," Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said, the Associated Press news agency reports.
Correspondents say that US forces based in Afghanistan have used drones in the past to attack militants in Pakistan.
'Human flesh'
"A drone was flying very low and fired the missile. It destroyed three houses," a villager told the Reuters news agency.
"I have seen human flesh scattered all over the area near the houses."
North and South Waziristan have been at the centre of fighting between the army and Taleban and al-Qaeda militants.
The Pakistan military has frequently denied giving permission for US forces to carry out strikes on its soil.
Schmidt, 94, has a carte blanche when it comes to smoking. Whether on live television or indoors at political conventions, the former-Chancellor is allowed to light up where he pleases.
But it would seem even he is not above EU law, as central parliament in Brussels is considering banning his favourite vice – menthol cigarettes.
One step ahead, Schmidt has apparently stashed 200 cartons of his preferred brand, Reyno, in his house, the Hamburger Morgenpost revealed. This means that he has enough to keep him on a packet a day until he turns 100.
Responsible for outing his secret is Chancellor candidate Peer Steinbrück of Schmidt's old party the Social Democrats.
He told a group of business representatives in a recent election campaign meeting that he has a stash of special French lightbulbs he fears could be banned under new EU regulations. Steinbrück then let slip the former-Chancellor's secret.
Steinbrück was, he said, using the anecdote to embellish his argument against the “unbearable regulation frenzy” going on in Brussels.
The Local/jcw
I apologize in advance for the quality of photos in this post. I took them once the party had started and they turned out a bit blurry. I'll blame the wine.
This past weekend we hosted a Christmas/Housewarming party. With our renovation completed we wanted to combine showing off the house with a Christmas celebration.
As with anyone who hosts a party, the week before was filled with planning, shopping, baking, cleaning, organizing and more baking. With a new kitchen, my stress level for hosting was very low prior to years before. It was interesting how much easier it is to host a party when your kitchen and dining room are well organized.
Through the years, I've tried to include as many gluten free treats being served as possible. Now that I am much more comfortable with my baking and cooking as well as being gluten free, I decided that this whole party would be gluten free.
I wanted to show that you can have great tasting food at a party and if you didn't say anything anyone would know it was all gluten free.
Just to be normal as much as possible.
Isn't that what we all want?
With Christmas right around the corner, I thought I would also share what I do when I'm cooking turkey dinner.
My kids love my turkey stuffing so usually I cooked the turkey the same as every year. For me, I would take a few slices off the breast and that would be mine.
This past Thanksgiving I decided to do two smaller turkeys. One regular for my gang that loves stuffing, and one for Cam and me that would be totally gluten free.
For the gravy I use cornstarch to thicken.
Really, other than the turkey, I find the meal is almost entirely gluten free.
It does not stress me at all.
My daughter usually bakes homemade buns full of “gluten” for most of the gang, but again, they are of no concern for me.
I wish for all the newly diagnosed gluten free folks that you feel empowered to host a Christmas dinner without feeling like you might get sick.
Making the food yourself does help to keep you safe and free from cross contamination too.
Here are photos from the Christmas party we had and I've listed all the appetizers as well as baked goods I served at the end.
Gluten-Free Appetizers Served:
Gluten-Free Desserts Served:
What do you think? Are you hosting a dinner party this holiday season? Any recipes you can't wait to try? Tell me in the comments below!
The road to my land is one lane. It is gravel coated and there are no street lights, so in the late evening when I am driving home from a day in town, I cruise slowly, casually avoiding the potholes that have opened up with this winter's heavy rains. In the darkness the world before me is a vignette painted by the dull yellow glow of my headlights. Beyond the borders of this halo stands of trees surround me on either side until I come to pass a neighbor's house. Though it is not illuminated, I know that her lawn is to my right and her pond is to my left, but before me is just the thin gray road of crumbled limestone, and standing in the center of it, is a raven.
I slow down to a crawl, giving the bird time to move. He hops a bit, not off of the road to either side, but merely a few paces away from my Jeep. Creeping forward a few feet more, the raven repeats this, hopping on one leg but not leaving the road. He is hurt, I guess, and I momentarily wonder if I shouldn't get out and try to pick him up, to help him in some way, before I realize that I would have no idea how to do so in any meaningful capacity.
We repeat our dance, me lurching forward a few feet in my car, the raven bounding back. He has plenty of space to leave the road if he would just hop into the grass on one side or the other. He has options. But he only moves forward in his path, and in mine.
Why doesn't he just get out of the way?
—
As one day of abnormally warm February weather turned into two, then into a week, then into several weeks, I found myself outside more and more. On a Sunday we mucked our chicken and duck coops. Midweek I was repairing a fence line and laying wood chips on the paths in our garden. Today I spread grass seed in our orchard and planted flowers and bulbs with my daughter. We are not wearing jackets. I sweat in a T-shirt as frogs croak down by the pond and songbirds sing in the branches all around us. Walking by a raspberry cane I looked down and noticed the green buds that are sprouting up its entire length.
Of course, weather has variance. Growing up outside of Chicago I remember that we would have an odd winter day here and there where the temperature would spike into the fifties or sixties. Snow would vanish before our eyes and all of the neighborhood kids would be out on their bicycles and playing basketball in their driveways. When two days later the temperature had plummeted to a seasonally rational twenty degrees, we would despair the fact that winter had months left with which to pummel us with gray skies, ice, and the boredom of being trapped in our houses.
I acknowledge that such variance is normal. Walking around my land, absorbing the signals of spring six weeks before their time, I know that this is not normal. These are signs of change. Where the change takes us, how it will unfold over the coming seasons, and years, and decades, I cannot know. So I take notes with silent eyes, filing away the date of the first daffodil flowers and fruit blossoms. I hope to adapt, and I hope that enough of our fellow Earthlings across the taxonomic kingdoms can do the same.
—
Paul Kingsnorth asks us, “What if it is not a war?” in his recent essay on the Dark Mountain blog, where he explores how social movements and our general response to the predicaments of our age adopt war metaphors and terminology. Kingsnorth writes:
“War metaphors and enemy narratives are the first thing we turn to when we identify a problem, because they eliminate complexity and nuance, they allow us to be heroes in our own story, and they frame our personal aggression and anger in noble terms. The alternative is much harder: to accept our own complicity.”
Kingsnorth's exploration is well worth the read and offers many good points for consideration. He culminates with the idea that perhaps, as poet Gary Snyder suggests, we are not in a war but a trial, a perhaps five-thousand year journey towards living well with ourselves and the planet. Such thought experiments can be helpful, as our language clearly shapes our perceptions and then guides our behavior. To be sure, consciously crafting our worldview allows for controlled and meaningful responses to the circumstances of our age. Kingsnorth proposes a worthwhile exercise when he invites us to think of the personal qualities that we would need to possess for an extended trial as opposed to a war.
But what if there is a war, and it is not one of our choosing? What if civilization itself is a war against the living planet, and no amount of ignoring it will make it stop? What if we were born into a war and it was so normalized by our culture, so entirely sewn into the fabric of our being that we could hardly see it, and when we did, everyone around us justified it and made it righteous?
Agriculture is destroying topsoil. The skin of the planet, home to a nearly unfathomable quantity of life, is being rendered sterile, sometimes toxic, before it is finally tilled into oblivion to blow away on the wind or drift off downstream. This is how civilization feeds itself a diet of an increasingly lower nutritive value. Forests, prairies, and wetlands are razed to continue this onslaught, species are wiped out, aquifers are drained, fossil fuels burned in massive quantities, and endocrine disrupting poisons are carelessly distributed into the ecosystem.
If I went to someone's home and engaged in all of the above activities on their land, how would they describe it? If I abandon the language of assault, I am left with little else to lean on. There is killing upon killing. Nowhere in this activity that is central to civilization can we find a relationship that isn't one-sided domination. It is not an eagerness to slander that which I do not agree with that drives me to describe civilization and its process as an assault on life, but rather a complete lack of any other accurate language with which to speak on it. If civilization is not at war with life, is it at peace with life? Is there a truce between civilized man and the forests, oceans, and waterways? When we look around do we see the wild on the rebound? Do we see civilized man reducing the amount of destruction he metes upon the ecology of the world? Is the general course of civilized decision making to prioritize the ecological system over the economic system? Of course not.
Zyklon B was invented as a pesticide. The Haber-Bosch process was developed to supply nitrogen for munitions. If it is not war that civilization is waging, then what is it? And if civilization is at war with the living planet, then why does it make sense to pretend that it isn't?
—
“It makes no difference what men think of war, said the Judge. War endures. As well ask men what they think of a stone. War was always here. Before man was, war waited for him. The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner. That is the way it was and will be. That way and not some other way.”
– Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West
Kingsnorth says that we love war, though many of us pretend not to. Maybe he is right. For the westerner, it is so easy to avoid the overt wars of our culture, because they are fought far away by paid grunts, and their victims are demonized. We are happy that the media obliges the lies we tell ourselves by not running an endless stream of images showing the dead civilians in third world nations around the globe. Even better, they make it so easy for us to not see the less obvious war, to not know just how much killing and slave-making civilization engages in every day to keep the oil, and the food, and the consumer products flowing into the stores (and the trash flowing away from the neighborhoods.) Again, most people just call this “business” or “capitalism,” and they see in it nothing but the mundane transactions of commerce, but when it all can trace back to one group of people pointing guns, and tanks, and warplanes at another, are we not lying to ourselves if we say it is not war? What if it all traces back to dead primates, dead rivers, dead oceans, dead people?
Maybe we should embrace war, instead of hiding from it. Perhaps if we stop pretending that there is no war, we could finally fight back in some meaningful way. Honestly, the fact that it is so difficult to know just how we could go about such a daunting task is likely why we never speak of it. To fight back against civilization is to risk the livelihoods of everyone we know, and everyone we don't. There is not one cabal of people who is a if brought before tribunal or lined up against a wall and shot would unmake the machinations and complex systems, hundreds if not thousands of years in the making, that comprise the belts and pistons of civilization. If we were to try to stop this system from destroying our planet and our future by rising up against it, we would first have to have some inkling as to how that could be accomplished, and all the while we would know that the odds of success were infinitesimally small. Also, we would be risking everything we have while simultaneously inviting the scorn of almost all of humanity upon ourselves.
Put in such a way, I can see why most people work so hard to unsee the war that is civilization.
Ultimately, Kingsnorth is right about the fact that the language of war is a tool for the destruction of nuance, of gray tones, and uncertainty. This is a conundrum that has existed throughout human history, as people of good heart and conscience always question the righteousness of their motives and actions, a process that often slows their reaction and mutes their response to forces of nihilism and destruction. Albert Camus laments as much in his essays, “Letters to a German Friend,” when he writes about the confused French response to Nazi invasion. Alternatively, civilization is not in possession of a conscience, the systems that are its makeup having been so atomized and bureaucratized, splintered into an untold number of moving parts that no one actor can be held accountable for the actions of the whole. This is the great and dark promise of civilization; it will provide a bounty of material access while diluting and thus absolving every recipient of their guilt.
The good and decent bind themselves and blunt their effectiveness with questions of conscience, while those bent on conquest and power never do. Resistance fails to get its shoes on while civilization fells another forest, removes another mountain top, extirpates another species.
It is not my aim here to reduce the complexity and nuance of our situation into a simplified binary. In fact, if anything I would suggest that our times call for an almost contradictory way of thinking, embracing that in any given context we are both complicit in and victim to the war that civilization makes upon our planet. At different times and in different places we must make both peace and war. Humbly, I offer that when we sit in thought about how we are to respond to the great challenge of our time, that we try not to be only one thing, neither solely a warrior nor a monk, but at various times we are each. Language of war falls short of describing the healing that we must engage in as individuals and communities, whereas language of trial and endurance falls short of describing the fight that we are called to make upon the systems, infrastructure, and yes, individuals whose daily work threatens to drastically shorten the time we may have available to trial and endure.
The heart of Kingsnorth's point seems to be that when we convince ourselves that we are at war, we break our world into allies and enemies, demanding conformity of the former and diminishing the humanity of the latter. Throughout history such reductionism has often had tragic results. If the war of civilization against the living world has us each playing enemy and ally at different times and in different contexts, we would be wise to caution ourselves against lining up behind eager executioners. However, we would be foolish to continually forgive and appease the people who use their social, political, and economic power to not only blind the public to the horrors of civilization, but to actively increase the breadth and scale of those horrors.
Language of war can, if we allow it, claim nuance as its first casualty. So can the language of peace, or trial, as it were. But let us ask ourselves, to whom do we do service when we refuse to speak of war? Are we doing service to our children and their chance of survival? Are we doing service to the ecosystems under threat of eradication? Or are we doing service to the bulldozer, the pipeline, the feedlot, the open-pit mine?
Accepting that civilization is a war and using the language of war to understand the gravity of its processes does not necessarily mean that we must assume a conventional posture of warfare in order to stand in opposition or to react in a meaningful way. This is to say, not all fights are won with open combat alone. To be always at war with the world is exhausting, especially when defeat looms. I understand the fear of losing everything, before we lose everything. The first challenge to overcome is to understand the existential nature of this war, that it is not necessarily individuals or groups who we must oppose, but the space between us, the relations and duties and notions and systems to which we all find ourselves often unwillingly subservient.
If we honestly want to observe and honor the complexity of this time and our circumstances, maybe it is not one side of the road or the other to which we must hop to avoid being run over. Maybe the clarity we seek will never come as the strands of all of our relations stretch and snap, context ever fluxing, all of us reacting, reacting, wounded and hobbled in the dark.
Advertisements
EAST LANSING, MI - SEPTEMBER 09: Quarterback Brian Lewerke #14 of the Michigan State Spartans celebrates with running back LJ Scott #3 of the Michigan State Spartans after scoring on a 61-yard run against the Western Michigan Broncos during the first half at Spartan Stadium on September 9, 2017 in East Lansing, Michigan. (Photo by Duane Burleson/Getty Images)
Michigan State Football: 5 takeaways from first two weeks of 2017 by Connor Muldowney
Michigan State football is having some fun while winning games, just ask Darrell Stewart and Brian Lewerke.
Everything is more fun when you're winning games, right? Just ask Michigan State football. Darrell Stewart Jr. is one of the guys having the most fun this season and it's probably because he's found a new role with the team.
Must Read: MSU Recruiting: 5 bold predictions for September
Instead of being mostly a punt return guy splitting time with Brandon Sowards, which he did in 2016, he's a do-everything player for the Spartans. He takes end-arounds, catches passes, returns kicks and punts and comes up with awesome nicknames for his teammates.
OK, he's only come out with one nickname thus far — that we know of — and it's for his quarterback, Brian Lewerke.
Following Lewerke's 61-yard touchdown run on Saturday against Western Michigan, everyone in Spartan Stadium seemed surprised. Everyone, that is, but Stewart Jr. The junior wide out claimed, “That's Brian Lewerke, if you don't know by now.”
And he had a pretty interesting, yet awesome, nickname for his quarterback. Just watch:
Darrell Stewart Jr. waxing poetic about Brian Lewerke is the best sound you'll hear all day. #MSUvsWMU pic.twitter.com/WXeIYsqMhh — Jay Sarkar (@WLNSJaySarkar) September 10, 2017
“People don't know, but Brian Lewerke is ‘White Lightning',” Stewart Jr. said. He also said that he'd call Lewerke Goldie Locks if he wanted, too.
The chemistry between Lewerke and Stewart Jr. is clearly growing by the day, and that's good news for the Spartans. These two are having fun and that's good to see after what happened in 2016 as well as the offseason.
This is how nicknames get started, though. It starts as a joke, but White Lightning might just stick.
The agreement was seen by Arab ministers as a path toward a Security Council resolution that would be acceptable to Russia, Syria's main international backer.
Russia and China vetoed a Security Council resolution last month that would have backed an Arab League plan to end the violence.
Russia had initially objected to the proposal because it feared that the measure could open the door to foreign military intervention or force Mr. Assad's ouster. Even after Arab and Western countries dropped references to Mr. Assad's ceding power and added language barring outside military intervention, Russia still objected that the resolution did not sufficiently blame the opposition for the violence, and that its demand for the government to withdraw its military forces was unrealistic, given that the opposition now included armed rebels.
The Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, in Cairo on Saturday, took heat for that veto. At one point, the Saudi representative bluntly blamed Russia for allowing the killing to continue.
“We must stop issuing hollow resolutions and taking spineless positions,” the Saudi foreign minister, Prince Saud al-Faisal, said, according to Reuters. “The position of those countries which thwarted the U.N. Security Council resolution and voted against the resolution of the General Assembly gave the Syrian regime a license to extend its brutal practices against the Syrian people.”
Photo
Mr. Lavrov insisted that Russia was “not protecting any regimes.”
“We protect international law,” he said. “The immediate task now is to end violence, irrespective of the source.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In what appeared to be a jab aimed mainly at Saudi Arabia, he suggested that Russia's stance would benefit autocratic Arab countries worried about their own restive populations. “We certainly believe that all outside actors must be extremely careful in addressing problems which your countries are facing,” he said, according to The A.P.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Saudi Arabia, despite its own dismal human rights record and the central role it played in repressing a popular uprising in Bahrain, has led the charge to topple Mr. Assad, repeatedly invoking his brutality.
The agreement, however, did nothing to halt the violence in the nearly year-old conflict, whose death toll has risen sharply in recent weeks. Activists and journalists reported clashes between opposition fighters and the army in Idlib, where they said a new government offensive was under way.
A team of A.P. reporters said government tanks that had encircled the town shelled it for several hours on Saturday. The journalists saw wounded opposition fighters being taken to clinics and a number of families fleeing the town.
An activist in Idlib, who reported seeing “heavy smoke,” said that at least three buildings had partly collapsed under the shelling on the western side of town. Another activist in the suburbs said relatives who fled spoke of abandoned neighborhoods.
“We're expecting something like Baba Amr,” the activist said, referring to the neighborhood in the city of Homs that was the site of a monthlong siege by government troops trying to rout opposition fighters from a stronghold.
If you're sitting in a Bexar County parking lot in the cab of your semi-truck with the engine running, don't be surprised if a county official pays you a cordial visit.
County commissioners passed an order May 3 banning any vehicles of more than 14,000 pounds from idling more than five minutes, with several exceptions. The San Antonio City Council is expected to pass a similar ordinance in June. The city manager's office also is preparing an “administrative directive” telling most city employees not to idle, sustainability director Doug Melnick said.
Local officials are hoping that the measures can reduce tailpipe emissions that help form ground-level ozone, a key component of smog. By October 2017, the San Antonio metro area will almost certainly be in violation of the Environmental Protection Agency's ozone standard, which will likely trigger increased federal oversight.
The higher the ozone level, the more potential consequences, so the Alamo Area Council of Governments is leading an effort to keep ozone levels as low as possible.
Across Texas, 44 communities have already adopted anti-idling ordinances, including Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth and Austin. Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston have long had ozone levels above federal standards. Austin's level is barely below the threshold.
No one believes that anti-idling policies alone will rein in San Antonio's ozone levels back below the federal standard.
“It's part of a puzzle,” Melnick said. “There's no one measure we can point to that can solve the problem.”
Still, many see unneeded idling trucks as a clear, easy target to cut air pollution. According to the EPA, a heavy-duty diesel engine idling for an hour emits an average of 33 grams of nitrogen oxides, which form ozone when exposed to sunlight. That's the weight of a pudgy adult mouse.
About 44 percent of the ozone-forming emissions from San Antonio roads come from heavy-duty vehicles, Melnick said at a May 10 City Council subcommittee meeting.
At the meeting, District 8 Councilman Ron Nirenberg compared anti-idling ordinances to laws that ban littering. Nirenberg also is chairman of an AACOG committee focused on air quality.
“We're looking at this as sort of our opening salvo to our air quality strategies,” Nirenberg said, adding that these policies are expected to cut nitrogen oxide emissions by 500 tons per year.
Drivers who spew pollutants needlessly from their tailpipes can be as tough to catch as those who hurl plastic bottles out their windows, Nirenberg said.
“We don't often observe people littering, but it's unlawful,” Nirenberg said. Without enforcement, “the law's only as good as an honor code.”
At a joint meeting last month between the AACOG committee and its Austin-area counterpart, Bexar County environmental engineer Andrew Winter discussed the difficulty of enforcing the order.
No one wants to tie up sheriff's deputies or the courts with idling scofflaws, so the county is taking an approach of educate first, civil penalties later, if necessary, Winter said.
On May 17, Winter assembled a team of six code enforcers, environmental law enforcement and animal control officers to visit several machine shops and gas stations along Interstate 10 to educate drivers about the new county order. Their goal was simply to tell drivers about the ordinance and pass out fliers.
“Instead of writing these people a $200 ticket, we're educating people,” Winter said. “We're all in this together. We're breathing the same air.”
Education is the plan now, but Winter's team has more leverage at its disposal if necessary: first a formal notice of violation, then a Class C misdemeanor citation that carries a $200 fine.
In the field, they met drivers with trucks of many different model years and emissions levels. Many qualified as exempt from the order. The exemptions include any 2008 or later EPA-certified, clean-idling diesel or natural gas engines.
At a Texaco station along Interstate 10, Winter and animal control officer Javier Flores approached truck drivers Robert Delgado and Jesus Delgado. The latter shared a cab with his son Jesus Delgado Jr. They had stopped for fuel while hauling loads of pipe from El Paso in trucks too old to meet the clean-idling standard.
“It's good,” Robert Delgado said of the order. “We need to clean the air.”
Next to the Delgados, Greg Sutler of Florence, Arizona, parked his 2009 International Harvester, a certified clean-idling truck. He seemed familiar with trucking regulations across the country, explaining the intricacies of California's regulations on refrigerated trailers, known in the industry as “reefers.”
“So many new laws,” Sutler said.
In the same parking lot, a white Ford F-250's engine chugged in front of an empty driver's seat. That vehicle would be too small to violate the order.
There are still more exemptions. The order does not apply to military, National Guard, emergency, law enforcement or airport ground-support vehicles. Armored trucks can idle while the driver sits inside to guard its contents and while loading or unloading.
Vehicles idling to operate machinery or for maintenance are also exempt, as are those stuck in traffic, idling to defrost a windshield, or supplying heating and cooling during road maintenance. For buses or other public transportation, idling for passenger comfort and health is allowed for up to 30 minutes.
A driver can also idle his or her truck when snoozing in “the vehicle's sleeper berth for a government-mandated rest period” if not within 2 miles of a facility offering electrical connections.
Winter's team's last stop that day was a Flying J, where a parking lot in the rear held dozens of trucks. Environmental law enforcement officer Stan Jordan counted 24 idlers, many driving for big corporations such as Tyson, True Value and Knight Transportation. Most had stickers proclaiming them as clean-idling, in need of a special fuel additive stored in a tank near the diesel pumps.
That was a new lesson for Flores, the animal control officer. Some drivers told him their companies install automatic shutoffs that kill the engine after four or five minutes.
“That's one of the things I learned today,” he said. “It's the older trucks we have to continue to worry about.”
Out of the dozens of drivers they spoke to that day, only two were idling when they were not supposed to, Winter said. One driver made his feelings about the order known, but nothing more, he said.
“I think he begrudgingly accepted that that's the way it is,” Winter said. “And that's all we can hope for.”
In a few months, similar tasks could fall to the city's sustainability staff, downtown operations, parking enforcement, code inspectors and metro health inspectors, Melnick said.
Winter said he would repeat his educational efforts at truck stops and garages on Interstates 35 and 37. His team will return in six months, count the idlers again and see if the strategy is working.
bgibbons@express-news.net, Twitter: @bgibbs
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Larry Fitzgerald doesn't daydream. He visualizes.
These days, his thoughts often turn to one topic in particular: winning a Super Bowl. But when Fitzgerald, who said he also talks to himself ("A lot. It's scary"), begins to picture the moment that has eluded him since 2004, it's not the feeling of the confetti sprinkling down on his sweat-soaked face or how he'll hold the Vince Lombardi Trophy that comes to mind. It's the plays he'll make to give the Arizona Cardinals their first Super Bowl title.
"Catch a slant. It's Cover 2. I'm able to get away from the corner. I make a move on the safety. I'm up the sideline. I see guys chasing me. I see my shoes that I'm wearing," Fitzgerald said, leaning back against the plush bench seats on the second floor of a steakhouse in Scottsdale, Arizona, just a couple tables away from a wading pool -- yes, a pool is in the middle of a steakhouse. "It's kind of weird, but I see it. I've always kind of been that way -- very imaginative."
That elusive title isn't far from Fitzgerald's mind at any given point -- not after finishing 13 seasons without a ring to show for it. He got close once, when the Cardinals played in Super Bowl XLIII. They had the lead until there were 35 seconds left. In 2015, he was one game from Super Bowl XLIX.
Still, no trophy.
Larry Fitzgerald was less than a minute from winning the Super Bowl nine years ago. Kim Klement/US Presswire
"I think about it a great deal," Fitzgerald said. "I do, especially in this state of my professional career. I know how difficult it is to even have a chance to get the opportunity to play. It's extremely difficult.
"It's something I constantly think about."
However, there's a difference when Fitzgerald thinks about winning a title now compared to the early days of his career.
Now, it's a realistic possibility. It wasn't then. And he knew it.
"Going into the season, I know we're capable of playing at that kind of level," Fitzgerald said. "That's reassuring. Many years ago, coming to camp, you're just coming to camp knowing realistically you don't have a chance in hell to win a championship.
"I don't have that feeling ever [now]. I feel like we have what it takes."
All Fitzgerald could do was chuckle when thinking about that difference.
"Gosh, man, it's such a great feeling knowing if you do your part, other guys are going to do their part, and you'll have your best opportunities on Sunday because you'll have the skill set, you have the players, you got the quality of men to deal with the adversity that comes along with the course of the year.
"It's a great feeling."
If storybook endings are a thing in the NFL, then Fitzgerald will win Super Bowl LII, which will be played in his hometown of Minneapolis, and retire.
Fitzgerald grew up in South Minneapolis and went to high school about 15 minutes from where the old Metrodome once stood and where U.S. Bank Stadium stands now. He was a ball boy for the Minnesota Vikings in the late 1990s and early 2000s for the high-octane teams that included Cris Carter, Randy Moss and Randall Cunningham.
At first, Fitzgerald said it doesn't matter where a Super Bowl is won, as long as it's won.
Play ESPN Fantasy Football More people play on ESPN than anywhere else. Join or create a league in the No. 1 Fantasy Football game! Sign up for free!
"We could play in Antarctica, and if I was playing in it, I would be tickled pink," Fitzgerald said. "I would be ecstatic. It's not the same for me as it was for me years ago because the Metrodome is torn down now. It's difficult, but obviously it's still home and it would be awesome.
"At this point, 14 years in, I just want to have an opportunity to be able to do it."
Should the Cardinals reach Super Bowl LII, Fitzgerald expects about the same number of ticket requests playing in his hometown as he received for Super Bowl XLIII in Tampa -- about 35 to 40. Like he did that year, when he was only allowed to buy 15 but had to wrangle the additional ones from teammates who weren't using their allotment, Fitzgerald thinks he'll be able to satisfy every request.
But when Fitzgerald is asked how much more it would mean to win his only Super Bowl less than 10 miles from where he grew up, he paused.
"To win it, just period, just anywhere, would be great," he finally said. "I guess to win it at home would be nice."
The FCC has released its 67 page order, which spells out in profound detail just how unacceptable it found Comcast's discriminatory policy against the BitTorrent protocol. In fact, the order is so berating to Comcast that one would think it was written by the very BitTorrent uploaders the ISP sought to throttle. Today's official order supplements the August 1, 2008, announcement by Chairman Kevin Martin, who agreed with public complaints that Comcast was in violation of net neutrality standards.There's some damaging verbiage from the Commission, to the delight of many BitTorrent users who felt slighted by the company's management policy. Take for example the uncertain level of trust the Commission indicates. In the juicy part of the order, the FCC grants reasonable time for Comcast, but with a significant caveat.“We also recognize the need for a reasonable transition period. In light of Comcast's past conduct, however, we believe that the Commission must take action to ensure that Comcast lives up to its promise and will therefore institute a remedy consistent with President Reagan's famous maxim 'trust but verify.'"Not exactly a ringing endorsement from the FCC. This level of suspicion stems from the FCC's finding that Comcast's management policy was not fully disclosed to the public. Only when Comcast was pressured did the company finally relent and state they were “delaying” upstream traffic. Although Comcast claims they have always disclosed their management policies, the FCC simply didn't buy it.“Comcast's claim that it has always disclosed its network management practices to its customers is simply untrue.”Now we have a government commission on record discrediting one of the country's largest ISPs, a very severe punishment by itself. Further adding to Comcast's burden, the ISP has 30 days from today to fulfill the following requirements:"(1) disclose to the Commission the precise contours of the network management practices at issue here, including what equipment has been utilized, when it began to be employed, when and under what circumstances it has been used, how it has been configured, what protocols have been affected, and where it has been deployed;"(2) submit a compliance plan to the Commission with interim benchmarks that describes how it intends to transition from discriminatory to nondiscriminatory network management practices by the end of the year; and
HONG KONG (MarketWatch) -- Asian markets were dealt crushing blows Friday as panic-stricken investors rushed to dump stocks across the board in a scramble to raise cash and reduce risk.
Japanese shares were hurt the most in the resulting stampede, with the Nikkei 225 Average delivering its worst single-day performance in more than two decades.
The benchmark took home a weekly loss of 24%, while more than $650 billion of wealth was wiped off during this period in Tokyo - Asia's largest stock market by capitalization - according to FactSet Research data.
At their lowest levels during the session, the Nikkei tumbled as much as 11.4% in Tokyo, the Hang Seng Index lost 9.7% in Hong Kong, the Kospi index shed 9% in Seoul and India's Sensex slumped 9.6%, although they ended modestly above than the day's lows.
"We have a complete market disarray, where valuations aren't even appropriate to mention," said Benjamin Collett, head of hedge-fund sales trading at Daiwa Securities SMBC.
"We've had a cascading series of events which have served to force equity holders to offload shares under a massive amount of distress," he said. "That means that they are selling at 15 to 30 cents on the dollar and there is no risk appetite or funding to allow someone to catch this drop."
The Nikkei ended the day 9.6% down at 8,276.43, its lowest close since May 2003. The day's percentage loss was the worst for the benchmark since the 1987 market crash, according to Reuters. The broader Topix index fell 7.1% to 840.86.
The Hang Seng Index tumbled 7.2% to 14,796.87, while the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index slumped 7.9% to 7,135.80.
China's Shanghai Composite ended 3.6% lower at 2,000.57 and the Straits Times Index fell 7.6% to 1,942.50 by late afternoon.
In Mumbai, the Sensex fell as low as 10,239.76 in early minutes of trading, before paring some losses. The index was down 5% at 10,766.04 in afternoon trading. The drop came even after the central bank further reduced banks' cash reserve requirement. The central bank cut the requirement by 1.5 percentage points, from 0.5 point planned earlier. The move, designed to inject liquidity into the banking system, sent the rupee tumbling against the U.S. dollar.
Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 8.3% to 3,960.70, and New Zealand's NZX 50 index gave up 4.7% to 2,805.31. South Korea's Kospi lost 4.1% to 1,241.47 and Thailand's SET Index shed 8.7% to 456.74.
The Taiwanese market was closed for a holiday.
"I think people are trying to liquidate positions, but there just aren't any buyers there. It's the nature of the markets that there are very few people willing to buy stocks," said Andrew Sullivan, a sales trader at Main First Securities. "A lot of people sitting on cash are happy to be sitting on cash at the moment."
Sullivan added that the selling in Tokyo was likely intensified because Monday is a holiday there and markets are closed.
Regional detail
In Tokyo, banking giant Mizuho Financial Group MFG, +0.00% (8411), steelmaker JFE Holdings (5411), shipping company Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (9104), telecommunications major NTT DoCoMo (9437), pharmaceutical company Eisai co. (4523) and machinery maker Fanuc (6954) were among those whose shares lost 10% or more during the session.
A continued flow of bad news about global financial companies added to investor fears. Earlier in the day, Japan's Yamato Life Insurance Co. filed for bankruptcy protection from creditors, reportedly becoming the first in the industry to do so in seven years.
In Sydney, shares of BHP Billiton (BHP) BHP, +0.59% fell 7% and Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) CBAUF, -1.61% lost 6.7%.
In Hong Kong, shares of market heavyweight HSBC Holdings (5) HBC, +0.25% tumbled 7%, while property major Sun Hung Kai Properties (16) SUHJY, -0.85% skidded almost 12%. In Singapore trading, shares of DBS Group Holdings DBSDY, -0.05% lost 9.1%.
In Mumbai, Icici Bank IBN, -1.71% shares plummeted nearly 18% amid worries about the impact of the global financial crisis on the lender. Infosys Technologies INFY, -0.74% dropped 4.7% after the software major cut its annual earnings-per-share forecast.
Regional insurance stocks also slumped in line with the broad markets, ignoring assurance from credit-rating company Standard & Poor's that Asia's insurance industry "has sufficiently strong fundamentals to withstand the current turmoil in the world's financial markets."
Shares of China Life Insurance Co. LFC, -1.11% (2628) tumbled 13% in Hong Kong, while Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. (8755) lost almost 12% in Tokyo.
In Asian currency trading, the U.S. dollar bought 98.99 yen, compared with 100.67 yen late Thursday. Against the Indian currency, the U.S. dollar jumped to 48.53 rupees, compared with 48.01 rupees late Wednesday.
Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
As promised, here are the recordings of the BBC World Service's thirty minute broadcast to the British Antarctic Survey. The broadcast started at 21:30 UTC on June 21, 2014 and was broadcast on 5,875, 5,985, 7,350 and 9,890 kHz.
As in previous years, this broadcast was lighthearted, filled with humorous shout-outs from the team's family and friends. Even a couple of special guests were included. Listen for yourself:
This excellent recording was made by SWLing Post reader, Dominik, in Europe:
Click here to download Dominik's recording as an MP3.
Post reader Rob Wagner (VK3BVW), in Australia, could receive the broadcast on three frequencies (5,875, 5,985, and 7,350). He's included clips of each broadcast on his excellent blog, The Mount Evelyn DX Report.
As for me, I was traveling to visit family yesterday afternoon when the broadcast started. I knew from listening endeavors on previous visits that receiving a broadcast indoors at their home is not feasible; there is some sort of power line noise in that area that overwhelms anything on the short or medium wave bands, unless the station is very strong.
To cope with this noise, I knew I would need to move my operation outdoors, away from the house, and employ an outdoor antenna. So I packed the following, all into my small flight case: the CommRadio CR-1, a NASA PA-30 15 foot passive wide-band wire antenna, and the Zoom H2n Handy Recorder
.
I hung the PA-30 antenna in a nearby tree, spread a wool army blanket on the ground for lounging, and put the mini flight case to use as a stand to hold the radio and recorder. The CR-1 required no external power supply, as its internal battery had been charged in advance (one of the reasons I love this little receiver for travel).
To try out the set-up, I tuned around the bands. Conditions were rough, thunderstorms were in the region, but I was most impressed that I could hear several broadcasters on 31 meters. I knew that the BBC broadcast would be a tough catch; after all, none of their transmissions were targeting my part of the globe–rather, the opposite!
When I tuned to the BBC broadcast on 7,350 kHz, here's what I heard:
This is (very) rough copy; for five or so minutes, you'll hear me switching between AM/USB and LSB to find the best mode for the signal. I also check the other BBC frequencies to see if any were more audible.
In the end, using ECSS (zero-beating the signal in USB) seemed to work best.
For fun, I had also brought along the Tecsun PL-660–a choice portable radio for weak signal DX. I tuned to 7,350 and could just hear the BBC signal in the noise, but voice and music were unintelligible.
What did I get out of the experience? Good copy? Alas, no.
But there's nothing like the fun of playing radio outdoors! Even though the copy was rough, propagation deplorable, and static crashes abundant, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Moreover, I was amused to note that while I listened (and sweated) outside in the very hot, muggy conditions of the American southeast, a few scientists huddled near the extremely chilly southern pole at that exact moment, were tuning in the exact same broadcast. It somehow made the heat bearable.
That's the remarkable camaraderie of radio: truly, a wireless community.
Related
Comcast Sportsnet Houston, which had exclusive access to Houston Rockets and Houston Astros games, was on the air less than a year when it was forced to declare bankruptcy in 2013. Not even a year later, the station — once valued at $700 million — was sold off to a joint venture of DirecTV and AT&T for a whopping $1,000 . A new lawsuit accuses the cable company of deliberately submarining CSN Houston.
The suit [PDF] was filed earlier today in a federal bankruptcy court in Texas by a trustee overseeing the bankruptcy settlements.
“[Y]ear after year, Comcast is consistently ranked amongst the worst in customer service in the country,” reads the complaint. “But individual customers are not the only ones who have borne the brunt of Comcast's bad behavior.”
Starting in 2010, Comcast partnered with the Rockets and Astros to work together on a new regional sports network, of which Comcast owned 22%. The complaint alleges that, rather than work to fulfill its end of the bargain, “Comcast did everything in its power to financially impair the Debtor so that Comcast would have the leverage to acquire the Debtor's greatest assets (i.e., the right to broadcast Astros and Rockets games, and related programming) for itself at a significant discount.”
According to the suit, Comcast repeatedly promised but failed to reach deals with other pay-TV providers that would have put CSN Houston in a sufficient number of homes to make a profit. The plaintiff contends that Comcast chose to use its leverage in the national market to obtain a reasonable rate for the Houston station.
“[I]n January 2013, Comcast entered into a global deal with [cable provider] Suddenlink that incorporated every network in Comcast's portfolio except for CSN Houston,” alleges the complaint, which claims that Comcast never brought this potential deal to the partnership's board, and that the plaintiff only heard about the Suddenlink deal until after it had been completed.
Because Comcast only owned a 22% stake in CSN Houston, compared to its outright ownership of most other CSN regional operations, the plaintiff says the cable giant lacked incentive to prioritize the Houston channel. Additionally, the plaintiff claims Comcast was making unilateral decisions without the other partners about what was in the best interest of CSN Houston.
More importantly, according to the suit, Comcast was allegedly out to get Astros and Rockets broadcasting rights for itself.
“Comcast knew that the best way to acquire these Assets at a low cost would be to financially cripple the Debtor so that it would have no choice but to sell itself to Comcast,” reads the complaint, stating that Comcast and its NBC Universal subsidiary “intentionally and willfully failed to negotiate and obtain the best possible carriage rates for the Debtor.”
By April 2013, only months after the station's launch, the Astros and the Rockets proposed to sell their 77.5% equity interest to Comcast, but at a price based on the original $700 million valuation of the network.
“Comcast did not want to pay that price and instead bided its time,” allowing CSN Houston to sink further into dire financial straits, claims the plaintiff.
By the summer of 2013, the station was no longer able to make its media rights payments to the Astros, who considered CSN Houston in default.
“Smelling blood in the water,” according to the suit, Comcast met with the Astros and Rockets in early August 2013 to propose buying the Astros' 46.5% equity interest in the station for around $185 million. This would give Comcast nearly 2/3 control over the station.
When the Rockets requested the same sort of deal (which was only based on a value of $500 million by this point), Comcast refused, per the plaintiff's version of events. Since the Rockets needed to approve the sale of the Astros' equity, this scuttled the entire deal.
The lawsuit accuses Comcast of using bankruptcy to sink the value of the station even further. “Comcast would then publicly announce its intention to bid a substantial amount of money to acquire [CSN Houston],” states the complaint. This public gesture would, in theory, scare off other potential investors and allow Comcast to buy all of CSN Houston's assets “at a steep discount from what it publicly promised.”
When Comcast informed the Rockets of its desire to file for bankruptcy, the plaintiff recounts that the team said it would agree, but only if Comcast made a bid for the network close to the $500 million valuation. Comcast refused.
Because Comcast needed unanimous consent of the partners to declare bankruptcy, the only option was to have other Comcast affiliates file an involuntary bankruptcy petition, in which they claimed they were trying to prevent the Astros from terminating their media rights agreement with CSN Houston.
“But the Astros had not actually confirmed that they would terminate the Astros Media Rights Agreement,” contends the plaintiff, “on the contrary, the Astros were still negotiating in good faith for the sale of their equity… to Comcast.”
The lawsuit states that on the day that bankruptcy petition was filed, but before it was actually given to the court, Comcast's CFO was sent an e-mail from the Astros with a draft of terms of sale. The baseball teams claims to have “had no idea” that the involuntary bankruptcy was coming.
After the petition was entered, Comcast made public its interest in buying out the other partners' equity in the network. In an Oct. 2013 filing, the company said that closing such a deal by year's end “would likely lead to full payment of all pre-petition creditors' claims and all reasonably foreseeable administrative expenses, and also lead to a material distribution to equity holders.”
The Astros subsequently talked to potential buyers, including AT&T, DirecTV, Time Warner Cable, Fox, and Dish, but claim that none wanted to be involved in the bankruptcy and that there was a general understanding that Comcast was going to buy CSN Houston.
Meanwhile, the Astros also say that when documentation was needed to negotiate with a potential bidder, Comcast failed to turn it over in a timely manner.
The Rockets eventually took over as lead negotiator but claim to have run into similar issues with potential buyers wanting to become involve in the bankruptcy.
By January 2014, Comcast was still declaring its intention to try to buy CSN Houston.
“Although the passage of time and other events have affected the valuation, Comcast Owner remains prepared to make a ‘stalking horse' bid for the acquisition of the Network,” reads a letter sent by Comcast to the Rockets at that time.
However, this time Comcast's discussion of an offer no longer mentioned any possibility of a material distribution to equity holders. When pressed for clarification, Comcast allegedly failed to respond to either team.
The next month, DirecTV told the Rockets it was willing to make an offer that was equal to Comcast's, but not any more. Believing that Comcast still intended to pay a reasonable amount for the network and not wanting to incur the additional cost of shifting to entirely new ownership, the Rockets turned down the DirecTV deal.
Finally in March 2014, Comcast dropped the bomb that it was no longer interested in buying out its partners in the channel.
“Comcast initiated this bankruptcy proceeding in the belief that the chapter 11 process would permit the Network to reorganize, thus preserving the Network's value,” reads a statement from Comcast at the time. “Much has happened, however, in the nearly six months since this involuntary case was filed. In view of these developments, Comcast is no longer prepared to purchase the Network.”
The plaintiff contends, however, that “there had been no material change” in the network's finances or circumstances in the weeks since the company had last expressed its goal of purchasing CSN Houston.
“[B]y filing the Notice publicly, Comcast was intentionally sending a false message to potential third-party purchasers that it was no longer interested in purchasing” CSN Houston, argues the complaint. Given that Comcast was a significant partner in the channel with intimate knowledge of its finances, the plaintiff sees Comcast's public declaration of lack of interest as an attempt to convince other potential buyers that there was zero value in the network.
In spite of its statement that it was no longer interested in bidding on CSN Houston, Comcast allegedly continued to make overtures that indicated it still intended to purchase the network.
The complaint claims that in the spring/summer of 2014 Comcast's attorneys requested a call with the general counsels for the Rockets and Astros.
“On that call, Comcast's counsel proposed an offer that was significantly less than the amount Comcast had previously represented it would offer,” reads the complaint. A subsequent bid from Comcast was so low, according to the plaintiff, that the network's creditors would not have been paid in full, leaving nothing for either team.
“Moreover, Comcast expected the Rockets and Astros to add additional value to the Debtor by taking significantly less in future media rights payments,” claims the suit. “Comcast knew that such a condition was a nonstarter for the Astros and the Rockets, whose consent was necessary for such a deal to get done. And without a deal, the Debtor would continue to languish in bankruptcy, incurring more and more debt along the way.”
In the end, CSN Houston was sold to AT&T and DirecTV, who now carry Astros and Rockets games on the Root Sports Southwest network. The lawsuit contends that everyone would have been better off simply liquidating CSN Houston when the bankruptcy petition was filed in Sept. 2013.
The lawsuit doesn't put any dollar amount on its claims, but as the Houston Chronicle notes, a loss to Comcast could result in a payout of several hundred million dollars.
For its part, Comcast is denying the allegations in the complaint, telling Bloomberg that “The lawsuit is entirely without merit.”
Meanwhile, the Astros are in first place in the American League West. At least now people can watch them on TV.
When a car is travelling along a uniformly levelled road, it is expected to move straight. If the car tracks otherwise, it can be speculated that the wheels are out of alignment. Improper alignment can decrease the durability of tires and create problems in handling and steering the vehicle. There are mainly three things which can affect the alignment of wheels – toe, caster and camber. A glitch in the camber or caster means that you need to take your automobile to a mechanic. However, it is possible for you to resolve problems with the toe by yourself.
Given below is the procedure for fixing a faulty toe:
Tools required –
Jack Jack stands 2 open-ended wrenches Pocket knife Tape measure.
Steps Involved –
First, you will need to know the proper configuration for the toe of your car. This information can either be obtained from the manufacturer's manual or found in repair guides available over the Internet.
Next, you will need to jack the car up, place it on jack stands and inspect the stability of various wheel components. Shake the wheels one by one to see if they are loose, and adjust the wheel components if required.
Now mark the circumference of each tire using a pocketknife's tip. Spin the tires separately after putting the pocketknife against each one of them and holding it in a place.
After that, take off your car from the jack stands and gently lower it on the ground.
In order to ensure that the car settles down properly, push the fender down a number of times. When this has been done, you will have to put the vehicle in neutral mode.
While keeping the tires of your car pointed straight, make the steering wheel loose and then release it. Now push the vehicle forward about 10 feet.
With the help of a friend, measure the distance between line marks in front and back of each tire. Calculate the difference between the front and back distances and you will get the toe setting. If the front distance is less, its magnitude is the ‘toe-in' measurement and vice versa.
Now do the requisite adjustments in the toe and for that, loosen the lock nuts of the tie rod. Then turn the rod for either shortening or lengthening it. Secure the lock nuts once the adjustments have been done.
If you want to know more about wheel alignment issues and ways to fix even a faulty caster or camber, you can either look up for online tutorials or take automotive training courses in Ireland.
53.412910 -8.243890
David Sleeman and Brian Ward of Winston Art Group will present this month's topic: Valuations of Wine, Art, and Collectibles.
David brings more than 16 years of experience in the art world to Winston Art Group. David is on the Steering Committee of Professional Affiliates for the Appraisers Association of America, and has served on the Inland Marine Underwriting Association Arts and Records Committee. He lectures extensively around the country at museums, corporations, art fairs, and to private collectors. Additionally, he has taught at the Sotheby's Institute of Art, in New York. David will discuss appraising art and collectibles and art as an asset class.
Brian has been in the collectibles industry for 13 years. At Winston Art Group, Brian conducts appraisals of fine and rare wine collections for all purposes, in addition to assisting with sales, acquisitions, inventory and collection management for clients with wine collections. Brian will discuss valuations of wine collections and the current wine market.
So I got my little box in the mail, a cute hand drawn Reddit alien on it, I was thrilled. It seemed a tad heavy, like nail polish heavy so I guess that'd what it would be, I was not prepared for what was inside. First I got a cute little card, A happy birthday niece card! Except he scratched out niece and made it Zombiebroad and scratched out Birthday Day and put Arbitrary Day. A little hand written note was inside. Very cute!
And then I opened the damn package and about passed out. Because you see, I live in a trailer and work at a fast food joint, I never thought I'd ever actually own a Deborah Lippmann nail polish. And then I opened the bigger package and almost passed out again. A ciate caviar mani set.
Please excuse me while I go lay on the floor hugging my Arbitrary Day gifts.
Chris (Beautox), ya done good, kid, ya done good.
Open Carry Texas rally (Facebook)
Kilt-wearing, gun-toting activists mobbed a Texas police station to protest comments made by the chief against proposed open carry legislation.
Austin police Chief Art Acevado recently criticized a bill that appears likely to pass the GOP legislature to allow the open carry of firearms, saying the legislation sounds like something drafted by “criminals, drug cartels, and extremists.”
About 30 activists, including Open Carry Texas members, carried shotguns, AR-15 rifles, and other long guns Wednesday afternoon to the Austin police headquarters – the scene of a shootout nearly six months ago between officers and a white supremacist.
“There are pot marks in the concrete, bullet holes all over the place — really, Art?” said CJ Grisham, pointing out damage still visible from the shootout. “Are we keeping guns out of the hands of criminals? Is keeping me from having an open carried pistol going to prevent that in the future?”
Grisham insisted he had no problem with the department or its officers – only the chief.
“Hopefully Chief Acevedo has heard what I've said and will heed what I've said,” Grisham said. “But I doubt it.”
House Bill 910 would prevent police officers from checking to see if a person seen carrying a handgun was properly licensed, and Grisham said the chief's position violated the Second Amendment.
Grisham said Acevado was bringing West Coast liberalism to Austin.
The demonstrators, who included Grisham's wife carrying a pink AR-15 strapped to her back, marched through downtown after the rally to “normalize” the sight of people carrying rifles in public.
“We're nice guys, and we're not going away,” said demonstrator Ryan Jones, of Austin.
Grisham reminded demonstrators to double-check their weapons' safety to prevent them from accidentally firing.
“The last thing we need is a negligent discharge,” Grisham said. “That would undermine the whole cause.”
Watch this video report posted online by KTBC-TV:
MyFoxAustin | KTBC | Fox 7 Austin | News Weather Sports
OAKLAND — A man who damaged at least a half-dozen Oakland police cars with a hatchet and shotgun blasts behind police headquarters was shot by an officer early Sunday after he refused to drop the gun and appeared as if he was going to fire again, investigators said.
The suspect was identified as Nathaniel Riddick, 25, whose last known address was in Sacramento.
Riddick, who was wearing bandoleers of shotgun shells, was in stable condition this morning at Highland Hospital and is expected to recover from his wound.
Investigators said they could only find one prior drug arrest for Riddick, which was in 2001 in Sacramento. They have not been able to interview him yet to see what motivated him.
The bizarre incident began about 11:20 p.m. Saturday in the 450 block of Sixth Street, which runs behind police headquarters between Broadway and Washington Street below Interstate 880 where marked police cars are routinely parked. There were no officers in any of the cars.
Police said Riddick first embedded a hatchet into the windshield of a car parked a few feet up from Broadway. He then began walking up the street firing shotgun rounds into several of the parked police vehicles.
Sgt. Todd Crutchfield said the rounds were fired into the cars' sides, windshields and other windows.
The shots were heard by officers in an office at the Washington Street end of the street.
Several officers confronted Riddick and urged him to drop the shotgun, police said. But he refused and when it appeared he was going to fire at the officers, two officers shot at him with one of them wounding him, investigators said. Police did not immediately say where Riddick was hit.
Sandbox adventure game Terraria is coming to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One this year, publisher 505 Games announced on the game's forums today.
According the post, Terraria on PS4 will be cross-save and cross-play compatible with PlayStation Vita. The new console version will also include all content from the game's 1.2 update — which includes new recipes and items as well as a number of improvements and fixes — as well as some unspecified "brand-new functionality."
The PS4 version will be shown at E3 in Los Angeles next week, according to 505.
Terraria are initially released for PC in 2011 and launched through PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade last May, for iOS in August with for Android in September. The PS Vita version was released in December.
Check out Polygon's review for more details on Terraria.
: Trickster's Arsenal is now also discounted by 75% and the offer is extended until October 13th. Planetary Campaign DLC , a procedural campaign mode added to the tactical RTS about 5 brave marines facing a ridiculous number of aliens, is available now for Windows and Mac, DRM-free on GOG.com. To celebrate, Infested Planet and the Trickster's Arsenal DLC are now 75% off.Your team is flanked, fatigued, frustrated. The alien scum outnumber you 20.000 to one but that never stopped you before. And it won't stop you now, when each campaign gets the procedural generation treatment, with different maps and tech progression available every time. Three new Weapon Classes and three unknown enemy types also join the fun, but what remains unchanged is that you will again need to make tough tactical decisions in order to counter the aliens' constant mutations and conquer impossible odds. Are you ready to manage your squad and navigate the procedurally generated challenges? Or will you get crashed under the aliens' overwhelming numbers and relentless adaptability?Mow down the alien hordes in the procedurally generated maps of Planetary Campaign DLC , DRM-free on GOG.com.The 75% discount on Infested Planet and Trickster's Arsenal will last until October 13, 3:59 PM UTC.
Well, we saw this coming: The explosive, cord-cutting popularity of Netflix will finally torch the laurels of traditional broadcast television networks. Analysts predict that if Netflix were measured as a 24-hour station by Nielsen, it would have more viewers than ABC, CBS, NBC, and Fox within the year.
There is some fine print to that bold-faced news. The prediction comes from analysis by Wall Street research firm FBR Capital Markets and depend on Nielsen's high specific form of ratings. Variety explains why this is relevant:
Nielsen TV ratings cover, at most, up to seven days of VOD and DVR viewing — and exclude online-video views, which networks say are an increasing part of the pie. Moreover, TV networks provide a different blend of content, such as live sports, that Netflix doesn't.
Advertisement
But still! The idea that Netflix is the network just got a lot more convincing. We already knew that the streaming video (slash DVD-by-mail) company was gobbling up about a third of all traffic on the internet. Now we know that the Big Red Giant is even closer to total world domination than we thought.
[Variety]
JERSEY CITY -- Growing up, Percy Harvin played sports in his Virginia Beach, Va., neighborhood with a couple of older friends. Their names: Ronald Curry and Allen Iverson. Curry is nine years older than Harvin, Iverson 13, and they were raised about 40 minutes away, across a narrow strip of saltwater, in the city of Hampton.
"I knew at a young age, being able to hang with those guys and play ball with them, that I would be all right," said Harvin, now a wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks.
These are the measuring sticks used by young athletes in the southeast corner of Virginia — an area of 1.7 million people known as Hampton Roads or the Tidewater, or, as its athletes often prefer, simply by its area code: 757.
Bruce Smith, Lawrence Taylor, Alonzo Mourning, David Wright — they all grew up in the region, which stretches from Virginia Beach to Williamsburg.
Iverson is a likely NBA Hall of Famer. There are many other local legends like Curry, who had a more modest professional career, but still caught 193 passes for the Raiders from 2002-08.
Plaxico Burress was the man on Harvin's mind, he said, when he talked with his teammate, Kam Chancellor, yesterday morning. Burress, a Virginia Beach prodigy, became a Super Bowl champion with the Giants six years ago.
"It would be good for somebody else to bring it back to our town," said Harvin Wednesday, with the Super Bowl almost here.
Chancellor, a star at strong safety, is from Norfolk, adjacent to Virginia Beach, and he played AAU basketball with Harvin. In the recruiting class of 2006, Harvin was rated the No. 1 overall prospect in the country. He went to Florida. Chancellor was ranked 20th in the state of Virginia. He played at Virginia Tech.
Seven years later, they reunited on the Seahawks, who drafted Chancellor in the fifth round in 2010 and traded for Harvin after 2012. Harvin has played in just one game all season because of injuries, but is ready to go for the Super Bowl, providing the Seahawks with an X-factor that may challenge Denver's preparation. Chancellor, meanwhile, made his second Pro Bowl in 2013 and is regarded as one of the NFL's hardest hitters.
Now they have a chance to add to the sports history of a region that might not receive as much attention as football hotbeds like Florida, Texas and southern California, but is well-regarded among those who know the sport.
"Per capita, it could easily be the richest talent pool," said Kris Richard, Seattle's secondary coach.
College coaches know that if a young athlete can play against Tidewater competition, he stands a good chance of measuring up at the major college level.
"You can get a better evaluation, whereas when you get some of your rural schools and the kids aren't as fast or as physical, now you've got to project a little bit more," said Virginia Tech's secondary coach, Torrian Gray.
Because of his size (now 6-3 and 232 pounds), Chancellor always projected as an NFL strong safety. But Virginia Tech needed him to play free safety and defend wide receivers, which he sometimes struggled with. This also made it "fairly hard" for the Seahawks to evaluate Chancellor, said their general manager, John Schneider, who has always admired Chancellor's ferocious tackling, his willingness to deliver hard hits.
"You could see when he did come downhill, it was going to be ugly," Schneider said. "I think the biggest thing with him was showing his flexibility as a big man, being able to break down, drop his hips a little bit and adjust to people in space."
Chancellor said he knew teams "viewed me as a tweener," with an uncertain role, but was still "kind of mad when I was drafted in the fifth round." Gray, who never stopped believing Chancellor's physique projected to the NFL, encouraged Chancellor, telling him, "You're going to play 10 or more years in the NFL if you just keep your head right."
Last spring, Chancellor cashed in and signed a four-year extension with Seattle, worth $28 million, with $17 million guaranteed. He moved his mom out of the poor Norfolk neighborhood where he grew up, into a large home in nearby suburban Chesapeake.
Harvin's entrance to the NFL was more charmed, as the 22nd overall pick in 2009, by the Vikings. But the past two years he has struggled to stay healthy, playing in just 10 games. Now that he is back for the Super Bowl, his shiftiness is again a threat, particularly on fly sweep plays like he ran in the divisional round against New Orleans.
Denver cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie said that because there is so little Seattle film available of Harvin, the Broncos have studied footage from his Minnesota days. The Vikings' offensive coordinator in Harvin's first two seasons was Darrell Bevell, who now runs the Seahawks' offense.
The two-week break before the Super Bowl has given the Broncos' defensive coordinator, Jack Del Rio a chance to examine Harvin's game.
"You get a little extra time to do some of that digging," said Del Rio.
Harvin rejects the idea he is an unknown.
"I've been hearing X-factor and this talk," he said. "This is not my first rodeo. I've played in a lot of football games and I've been effective at doing that. I'm not worried about anything other than what I've always done, and that is to go out there and play football the way I know how."
I had originally wanted to entitle this post:
A Tramp's Whisker
But I digress.
1. Got three and a half minutes? Watch this video of Israeli-firster and supporter of the massacres of Palestinians in Gaza in 2009, Knesset Member Charles Dent, (Mossad, PA) talk about HR 3166 that he is sponsoring in the House – oh and note that he points out the other co-sponsors of this legislation in the House and in the Senate. Make a careful note of their names. Pay attention to the language Dent uses in the video.
Oh, and just in case you are interested, the name of the bill he is sponsoring is called “The Enemy Expatriation Act.”
The “Enemy” is our Constitution and, uh, and, hmmm, forgot for a second due to all the Zionist Bullshit we've been eating in that Israeli hummus here at Mantiq al-Tayr, give me a sec. Oh yes, how could I forget. The “Enemy” is also you.
This asshole can't even pronounce Awlaki's name correctly, but I digress.
This Israeli-firster is allied with Joe Lieberman (Mossad, Mossad) in advocating stripping you of your citizenship if you do anything the US government Israel doesn't like.
Did you like the references to Nazis? Gee, I wonder who wrote this Zionist Bullshit for him. I mean, this thing needs a laugh track.
“Simply put this bill modernizes the process by which the citizenship of an individual engaged in hostilities against the American people is examined by treating terrorists in the same manner as a US citizen who marched for Israel the Third Reich decades ago.”
“While we don't want fear to govern our daily lives”
Wait just a second, let me comment – introductory expressions like this always indicate that the exact opposite is intended. It's like the phrase “With all due respect” which is often used with punchlines that say something like “you are the dumbest son-of-a-bitch on the planet.” The rest of the sentence is typical Zionist Bullshit fear mongering. Back to the video.
“the failed terrorist attack in Times Square in May 2010 along with the attempted attack on flight 253 on Christmas day 2009 are grimm reminders that we are fighting a war against terrorists aiming to dismantle American ideals and our way of life.”
With all due respect goys and girls, if you believe this Zionist Bullshit fear mongering, then you are indeed the dumbest sons of bitches on the planet, but I digress.
So this Israeli-firster wants to further deprive you of your rights as a US citizen by stripping you of your citizenship if you do something Israel doesn't like and he has the nerve to say that these “terrorists” (and that means you) are attacking American ideals.
Folks, there is an election coming up and Charlie Dent will be running to keep his seat in Congress. I suggest that those in the “we're fucked” movement find a way to direct funds to his opponent(s) in order to kick this asshole out of office as a warning to all of the other Israeli-firsters masquarading as our representatives.
2. Let's look at some of Dent's statements defending Israel.
Here's a quote from Dent's official statement on Israel's murdering of nine peace activists on board the Freedom Flotilla. One of those peace activists whom the Israeli commandos murdered was an American citizen named Furkan Dogan. Dent's statement was released the very next day when the facts of the assault on the flotilla were still emerging and the names of the victims were not all known. However, as far as I can tell Dent doesn't say a word about Dogan afterwards that I can find on the Internet or on his website – no surprise as this would be consistent with his blatant disregard for the rights of ALL American citizens, but not Israelis.
Do a search on “Charlie Dent” and “Furkan Dogan” and see if you find anything.
Go here to his webiste search page and type in “Furkan Dogan” and see what you get.
But if you search on Gilad Shalit (an Israeli and French citizen) on Dent's website you will get this:
“The release of Israeli Army Sergeant Gilad Shalit, though long overdue, is welcomed news in Israel and the United States. Five years of separation from his family and friends, and what has undoubtedly been a painful disruption of his young life, have finally come to an end. I am extremely happy Gilad has been reunited with his loved ones and once again has the ability to live an enjoyable and productive life.”
But it gets even worse – with Zionism it always does, as readers of this blog are well aware.
Here's Dent defending Israel's assault by elite commandos on a flotilla of peace activists.
“It is terribly disappointing this incident ended with the loss of human lives. However, I believe Israel has the right to protect its citizens from potential threats to their safety. We are fully aware the people of Israel face daily attacks from terrorist groups rooted in Gaza, including Hamas. Naturally, Israel must take tremendous precaution to ensure weapons and ammunition are not funneled to terrorist organizations from abroad. While I am eager to learn more about the events that lead to this violent confrontation, I believe Israel has the right to inspect ships bound for Gaza and enforce the existing multinational blockade, which was established to prevent Hamas from gaining the tools to launch future deadly attacks against the Israeli people.”
Dent doesn't give any more of a damn about facts than he does about the rights of American citizens. He makes it sound like the blockade is legal. That's pure Zionist Bullshit. The “blockade” is enforced by one country, Israel. It is not some kind of legal multinational blockade, irrespective of the US' cowardly responses to what the Israelis did.
Funny how it is not Keith Ellison who is in league with Joe Lieberman to strip Americans of their citizenship. Maybe them there Islamofacists not be so fucking bad after all. But I digress.
At this very moment in 2009, the most powerful military force in the Middle East was launching a devastating attack on the civilians of the Gaza Strip – an absolute hell-hole filled with defenseless people many of whose parents and grandparents had been rendered homeless by Israel in the past. Dent thought this was a good idea. He supports the mass murder of Palestinians and he blames the victims.
“The events leading up to the recent Israeli airstrikes in Gaza are the responsibility of the reckless, terrorist leaders of Hamas. Regrettably, innocent civilians have been killed in Gaza, and that is, in part, a consequence of Hamas using civilians and their homes as storage sites and launching pads for their unguided missile attacks.
“Many of the individuals and organizations who are protesting Israel's actions today never uttered a word of protest or condemnation over Hamas' rocket attacks against the innocent people of Sderot and other Israeli communities, including rockets that hit private homes, schools and shopping centers.
The rockets he bitches about have been condemned by a number of pro Palestinian activists, sometimes even by Hamas. They killed a few people and all deaths are regrettable. However, Israel killed 1300 Palestinians in operation Cast Lead which was the name of the insane Israeli invasion of Gaza. Hundreds of the vicitims were clearly civilians. As for those that were not, very few, if any, had anything to do at all with the rockets fired at Israel – many of which were fired in retaliation for Israeli attacks as in this example. But Palestinians in the US/Israeli media are not accorded the rights to defend themselves or to retaliate, never mind the right to pre-emptive strikes, the latter right reserved solely for whites and Jews to use against everybody else.
Here's a non Dentian/Derwoshitzian perspective on the situation. Note to Dent and Shas Party members, the red highlights are mine.
“We often hear about Palestinian rockets hitting the Israeli town of Sderot. What is often left out of these reports is that these rockets almost never kill or injure anyone, and only rarely cause damage. In addition, as this article describes, Sderot was built on the remains of a Palestinian town that had been ethnically cleansed by Israel's founders in 1948.”
But for Dent, Palestinians, like American citizens that Israel does not like, have no rights. How does it feel to be a Palestinian you bozos?
There's so much more.
So much Zionist Bullshit, so few Constitutional Rights. Funny how the Zionist want to take those rights away, but I digress.
For your further misery, here is a pic that links to Dent's statements concerning Israel on is website. You deserve this, yes you do.
Imagine someone co-sponsoring legislation like this with Joe Lieberman. Tells you everything you need to know.
3. I can hear you all now, goys and girls. “Mantiq, you better come up with a fucking good video after depressing us with all that Zionist Bullshit.”
This one is for any of you who have ever been separated from a loved one by considerable time and space.
All of us “complain of separations” as perhaps the greatest poet in the world has said:
بشنو از نی چون حکایت می کند
از جدایی ها شکایت می کند
Listen to the reed
how it tells its tale
complaining of separations
Rumi
Listen to Laura Smith as she tells the tale of “My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean.” You'll be glad you did. Sad you did too, but also glad.
University of Alberta researchers have developed a method of connecting neurons using ultrashort laser pulses. The technique gives researchers complete control over the cell connection process and could lead to new research and treatment methods, including physical reattachment of severed neurons right after injury, the researchers say.
The team's findings are published in the open-access Nature journal Scientific Reports.
Procedure
After putting two neurons in a special solution that prevents them from sticking together, the researchers brought them into contact with each other and delivered femtosecond (10-15 seconds) laser pulses to the meeting point of the two cells, causing them to establish solid bonds and form a common membrane at the targeted area.
The cells remained viable and the connection strong. It took the neurons just 15 milliseconds to stick to each other; the process would have taken hours to occur naturally.
“The preservation of the viability of the neural network will allow researchers to study new complex pathophysiological processes, such as neurogenesis, Wallerian degeneration, segmental demyelination, and axonal degeneration,” the authors note.
Abstract of Novel Method for Neuronal Nanosurgical Connection
Neuronal injury may cause irreversible damage to cellular, organ and organism function. While preventing neural injury is ideal, it is not always possible. There are multiple etiologies for neuronal injury including trauma, infection, inflammation, immune mediated disorders, toxins and hereditary conditions. We describe a novel laser application, utilizing femtosecond laser pulses, in order to connect neuronal axon to neuronal soma. We were able to maintain cellular viability, and demonstrate that this technique is universal as it is applicable to multiple cell types and media.
The competition watchdog had demanded that pharmaceutical companies publicly declare the names of any doctors who accept payment for speaking or attending conferences, as a condition of its support for a new code of conduct.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission has given its conditional support for Medicine Australia's code of conduct for five years but called for a provision requiring pharmaceutical companies to withdraw from any payment deal, should doctors not consent to their details being disclosed.
The ACCC wants the names of doctors who accept payment from drug companies to speak or attend conferences to be disclosed. Credit:Virginia Star
The code sets the standards for the marketing and promotion of prescription pharmaceutical products in Australia.
In its proposed form, put before the ACCC, the code includes a provision that would require companies to report any fees paid to doctors, unless the doctors objected. But the ACCC said this does not go far enough.
It's official! All 52 first issues of DC Entertainment's historic publishing initiative DC COMICS – THE NEW 52 have sold out from Diamond Comic Distributors in advance of publication. And all 52 issues will receive second printings. Here's a further look inside the numbers for DC COMICS-THE NEW 52: · ACTION and BATGIRL already have third printings and JUSTICE LEAGUE, the bestselling comic book to date for all of 2011, is in its fourth printing. · AQUAMAN #1 is the eleventh title in DC Comics-The New 52 with sales of more than 100,000. The series joins the sales ranks of the previously announced titles ACTION COMICS, BATGIRL, BATMAN, BATMAN AND ROBIN, BATMAN: THE DARK KNIGHT, DETECTIVE COMICS, THE FLASH, GREEN LANTERN, JUSTICE LEAGUE and SUPERMAN. · BATMAN # 1 joins JUSTICE LEAGUE # 1 and ACTION COMICS # 1 as the third title with sales exceeding 200,000 copies. “We at DC Entertainment thank our creators, our retail partners, and our readers, and remind them all we're just getting started,” said John Rood, DC Entertainment Executive Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Business Development. “We're thrilled to be making history, but we're not standing around congratulating each other. We're working behind the scenes to leverage our recent success into our long term vision for this company and its iconic characters and brands.” “There's never been anything like DC COMICS – THE NEW 52, as seen by our unprecedented sales and overwhelming fan enthusiasm," said DC Entertainment Co-Publishers Jim Lee and Dan DiDio. "All 52 first issues have now sold out in advance of publication and each one of the first issues has received a second printing. Backed by DC Entertainment's massive marketing campaign, dozens of retailer events, and hundreds of headlines from around the globe, this is a watershed moment for the comic book industry. It's the most significant publishing event in the last 25 years of this company's long and storied history.”
The fader box
UC44 as big brother of the UC4 is a universal controller for all kinds of midi controllable
hard- and software.
The all-rounder has 8 push-encoders each with a 2-digit-display, 16 faders (60mm) and 35 buttons.
The encoders (with detents) are switchable to 32 groups which allows controlling a total amount of 512 control parameters.
Various kinds of midi commands like program change, pitchbend, aftertouch and control change in relative and absolute mode with different acceleration amounts and min/max values are possible. All these properties are fully programmable on the devices very fast and easy for each control separately.
The encoders can work as high resolution 14bit controllers too (control change or pitchbend) which makes them suitable for sensitive parameters like resonating filter cutoffs or similar things.
Use the internal 8 setups to save your individual settings.
Backup and restore of all settings by sysex dumps are possible too.
The factory settings are perfect to control music and video software products out of the box if they are freely assignable. So any additional device programming isn't necessary for many applications.
The flat box is also a great extension for your Ableton Live setup.
There you can control all the continuous parameters like track volumes, rack macros, send amounts and switchable parameters like clip launch, mute and track select. A special control surface script for Ableton Live 8/9 with all necessary mappings to control 16 tracks simultaneously is enclosed in the package.
Check out this amazing power box and you will get a reliable mate...
Features
Universal controller for all kinds of midi controllable hard- and software
Universal controller for all kinds of midi controllable hard- and software Control surface script for Live 8/9 is shipped with the controller
USB interface with bus powering
class compliant / no driver necessary (consumption < 300mA)
MIDI in and out ports with routing and merge functionality
8 push encoders with detents (resolution about 30 pulses)
Encoder push buttons can send commands (fully programmable)
32 buttons with LED for switchable parameters
8 x 2-digit-display to show encoder values and programming data
14 bit high resolution encoder mode for sensitive parameters
Programmable value ranges with min/max values
Data feedback for encoders and faders avoid value jumps
All controls (incl. push buttons) fully programmable in the device by channel, type, number, mode
Different command types like control change (CC), pitch bend, aftertouch, program change,notes
Advanced programming functions like copy, paste and group sets
32 independent groups for encoders
2 independent groups for faders/buttons
About 608 commands per setup
8 setups with backup/restore function contain all controller settings
Upgradable firmware by simple Sysex-dump
Very compact and solid design in a silver metal casing (size 290x220x55 mm, weight 1.6 kg)
System requirements
PC or Mac with a free USB port (1.0 or higher) or any USB hub
MIDI device with standard midi in/out ports
USB power adapter (5V min 300mA) if you want to control only midi gear
Downloads
Accessories
Updates
Press
Review on Create Digital Music
on Create Digital Music Review on DJ Lab (german)
Price
Thailand's new prime minister, Yingluck Shinawatra.
"This election is only one step towards restoring democracy. It will take mass participation of the Red Shirts in order to strengthen and speed up the process."
[For more on Thailand and the Red Shirt movement, click HERE.]
By Giles Ji Ungpakorn
July 4, 2011 -- Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal -- The results of Thailand's July 3 general election are a slap in the face for the dictatorship. They prove without any doubt that the majority of people have rejected the military, the Democrat Party and the royalist elites. Pheu Thai, the party closely allied to the Red Shirt movement, has won a clear majority. The result is all the more remarkable, given that the election was held under conditions of severe censorship and intimidation of the Red Shirt democracy movement by the military and the military-installed Democrat Party government of Abhisit Vejjajiva.
This election confirms that the Abhisit government never had a mandate from the people. It confirms that the 90+ pro-democracy activists who were shot down by military snipers last year, were shot in order to keep the Democrat Party and the military in power.
Every single election since 2001 has been won by the Thai Rak Thai or its descendants, Palang Prachachon and now Pheu Thai. The latest results expose the lies of the military, the mainstream media, the liberal academics, the NGOs and the Democrat Party, all of whom supported the 2006 military coup and claimed that it was “necessary” because the majority of the electorate “didn't understand democracy” or were “bought off” in election frauds.
The latest election is a vindication of the struggles and sacrifices of the Red Shirts and it proves the deep commitment to democracy among the majority of Thai citizens, especially the poor.
But the important question after the election is whether the Pheu Thai government will meet such commitments to freedom and democracy shown by those who voted for it.
If Thailand is to shake off the legacy of the 2006 military coup and the subsequent destruction of the democratic process by the courts and the Abhisit government, this new government must take some immediate and important measures. These include:
1. freeing all political prisoners, including those jailed or charged under the notorious lèse majesté law 2. ending censorship of all types, especially of the internet and community radio stations 3. sacking army chief General Prayut Junocha on the grounds that he sought to influence the outcome of the election and announced that he opposed Pheu Thai policies in the South; the army chief should be the servant of an elected government and never have special extra-constitutional powers to intervene in politics 4. the indictment and trial of former prime minister Abhisit and his deputy Sutep, along with generals Anupong and Prayut on the grounds of murdering Red Shirt civilians last year 5. the temporary re-introduction of the 1997 constitution, instead of the present military constitution, and the start of a process to rewrite the constitution to increase freedom and democracy 6. scrapping the lèse majesté and computer crimes laws that prevent freedom of expression.
In the long term, Thai society must seek ways to totally reform the military, drastically cutting its budget and removing its control of the media. This will reduce its political influence. The justice system, which has been plagued by double standards, must also be seriously reformed and measures should start in the process of building a welfare state in order to reduce inequality.
But it is doubtful whether the Pheu Thai Party will have any intention of carrying out these necessary changes. It will be up to the Red Shirt movement to push the new government into making more radical reforms rather than doing secret and dirty compromises with the military and the elites.
Of course, the Red Shirt movement has many factions within it. This is normal for such a large mass movement. Some will want to wind down the movement and leave the business of politics to the new government. This would be a serious mistake. The more radical sections of the movement must continue the struggle for justice and equality in order to bring about real changes.
This election is only one step towards restoring democracy. It will take mass participation of the Red Shirts in order to strengthen and speed up the process.
[Giles Ji Ungpakorn is a political commentator and dissident. In February 2009 he had to leave Thailand for exile in Britain because he was charged with lèse majesté for writing a book criticising the 2006 military coup. He is a member of Left Turn Thailand, a socialist organisation. His latest book, Thailand's Crisis and the Fight for Democracy, will be of interest to activists, academics and journalists who have an interest in Thai politics, democratisation and NGOs. His website is at http://redthaisocialist.com/.]
ประชาชนปฏิเสธเผด็จการมือเปื้อนเลือดอย่างชัดเจน
ใจ อึ๊งภากรณ์
การ เลือกตั้งครั้งนี้พิสูจน์อย่างเถียงไม่ได้เลย ว่าประชาชนไทยส่วนใหญ่ มีวุฒิภาวะและอุดมการณ์ประชาธิปไตย เพียงพอที่จะปฏิเสธเผด็จการมือเปื้อนเลือดของอำมาตย์ และสิ่งที่น่ามหัศจรรย์คือมันเป็นชัยชนะของพรรคเพื่อไทยภายใต้สถานการณ์ที่ ยากลำบาก เพราะฝ่ายอำมาตย์ปิดกั้นสื่อ และกลั่นแกล้งสร้างอุปสรรค์ให้กับเพื่อไทยและคนเสื้อแดงมาตลอด
แต่คำถามสำคัญหลังการเลือกตั้งคือ รัฐบาลพรรคเพื่อไทยจะมีวุฒิภาวะและอุดมการณ์ประชาธิปไตยที่เท่าเทียมกับ ประชาชนผู้เลือกหรือไม่ และจะเดินหน้าพัฒนาสิทธิเสรีภาพกับประชาธิปไตย หรือจะประนีประนอมแบบสกปรกกับฝ่ายเผด็จการ
ผลการเลือกตั้งครั้งนี้ พิสูจน์ว่ารัฐบาลประชาธิปัตย์ ที่ก่อตั้งในค่ายทหาร หลังการยุบพรรคพลังประชาชน ไม่เคยได้รับการสนับสนุนจากประชาชนส่วนใหญ่เลย และประชาชนส่วนใหญ่สนับสนุนขบวนการเสื้อแดงมาตลอด มันพิสูจน์อีกว่าพวกชนชั้นกลาง สื่อมวลชน เอ็นจีโอเหลือง และพวกพันธมิตรฯ โกหกเวลาพยายามแสวงหาความชอบธรรมกับการทำรัฐประหาร ๑๙ กันยา ภายใต้อคติหลอกลวงว่า “มีการโกงการเลือกตั้งในอดีตโดยไทยรักไทย” หรือ “ประชาชนส่วนใหญ่เข้าไม่ถึงข้อมูลและไม่เข้าใจประชาธิปไตย” สรุปแล้ว พวกที่สนับสนุนรัฐประหาร ๑๙ กันยา สนับสนุนพันธมิตรฯ สนับสนุนการปราบปรามคนเสื้อแดง หรือสนับสนุนการฉีกทิ้งรัฐธรรมนูญปี ๒๕๔๐ ล้วนแต่เป็นคนส่วนน้อย ที่โกหกบิดเบือนความจริงเกี่ยวกับสังคมไทย เพื่อปกป้องผลประโยชน์ของคนชั้นสูง ซึ่งตรงข้ามโดยสิ้นเชิงกับผลประโยชน์ของประชาชนคนจน
นอกจากนี้ การเลือกตั้งพิสูจน์ว่าประชาชนปฏิเสธพวกนายพลเผด็จการ อย่าง ประยุทธ์ อนุพงษ์ หรือสนธิ ที่แทรกแซงการเมือง ทำลายประชาธิปไตย และเข่นฆ่าคนเสื้อแดง ดังนั้นมันถึงเวลาแล้วที่สังคมไทยจะต้องมาทบทวนบทบาทของกองทัพ และปลดนายพลที่แทรกแซงการเมืองออกจากตำแหน่ง
รัฐบาลของอภิสิทธิ์ ที่พึ่งแพ้การเลือกตั้งครั้งนี้ ไม่เคยชนะการเลือกตั้งเลย แต่แย่กว่านั้น ผลงานของรัฐบาลนี้ มีแต่สิ่งเลวร้ายคือ ปกปิดข้อมูลและเซ็นเซอร์สื่ออย่างรุนแรง เพิ่มจำนวนนักโทษการเมืองในคดี 112 อย่างสุดขั้ว เข่นฆ่าประชาชนผู้รักประชาธิปไตย เกือบ 90 ศพ ด้วยทหารสไนเบอร์ และสร้างความตึงเครียดที่ชายแดนเขมรจนเกิดการยิงกันอย่างไร้เหตุผลโดยสิ้น เชิง สรุปแล้วรัฐบาลพรรคประชาธิปัตย์ได้ลากสังคมไทยให้ถอยหลังลงคลองอย่างเดียว และโกหกเพื่อหลอกลวงประชาชนไทยและชาวโลกอีกด้วย .... แต่คนส่วนใหญ่ไม่ได้ถูกหลอกแต่อย่างใด
การเลือกตั้งครั้งนี้เป็นก้าวแรกที่สำคัญในการกู้ประชาธิปไตยและสิทธิเสรีภาพกลับมา...
อย่างไรก็ตามการเลือกตั้งอย่างเดียวแก้วิกฤตไทยไม่ได้ และที่สำคัญคือ การแก้วิกฤตจะไม่สำเร็จถ้ามีการ “ปรองดอง” หรือ “ประนีประนอม” กับฝ่ายเผด็จการ เพราะภาระสำคัญของชาวประชาธิปไตย คือการสร้างมาตรฐานสิทธิมนุษยชนและเสรีภาพ ผ่านการรื้อถอนพิษภัยของเผด็จการทั้งหมด ในเรื่องนี้ผมไม่ได้เสนอให้ “แก้แค้น” ใคร แต่เราต้องไม่ปล่อยให้คนที่กระทำความผิดลอยนวล และปล่อยให้มีการละเมิดเสรีภาพเกิดขึ้นซ้ำแล้วซ้ำอีก ดังนั้นภาระเร่งด่วนของชาวประชาธิปไตยคือ
1. ต้องปล่อยนักโทษการเมืองทุกคนทันที และการยกเลิกคดีการเมือง อันนี้รวมถึงการปล่อยนักโทษเสื้อแดงในทุกจังหวัด และนักโทษคดี 112 อีกด้วย 2. ต้องปลด ผบทบ. ประยุทธ์ ออกจากตำแหน่ง ในฐานะที่แทรกแซงการเมืองในช่วงหาเสียง และในฐานะที่ออกมาแสดงความเห็นคัดค้านนโยบายของพรรคเพื่อไทย เพราะ ผบทบ. ต้องไม่มีอำนาจพิเศษ ต้องรับใช้รัฐบาลที่มาจากการเลือกตั้งอย่างเดียว ตามกติกาประชาธิปไตยสากล 3. ต้องนำ นายอภิสิทธิ์ นายสุเทพ นายประยุทธ์ และนายอนุพงษ์ ขึ้นศาลในคดีฆ่าประชาชนที่ผ่านฟ้าและราชประสงค์ 4. ต้องยกเลิกรัฐธรรมนูญปี ๕๐ ของทหาร และนำรัฐธรรมนูญปี ๔๐ กลับมาใช้ชั่วคราว ก่อนที่จะร่างรัฐธรรมนูญใหม่ที่เป็นประชาธิปไตยมากกว่านี้ 5. ต้องยกเลิกการเซ็นเซอร์สื่อมวลชน อินเตอร์เน็ด และวิทยุชุมชนทันที เพื่อปกป้องสิทธิเสรีภาพในการเข้าถึงข้อมูลของประชาชน 6. ต้องยกเลิกกฏหมาย 112 และ พรบ. คอมพิวเตอร์ เพื่อปกป้องสิทธิเสรีภาพในการแสดงออก
และในระยะยาว สังคมไทยจะต้องเริ่มกระบวนการปฏิรูปกองทัพอย่างถอนรากถอนโคน เพื่อลดงบประมาณทหาร นำกองทัพออกจากสื่อ และลดบาทกองทัพในการแทรกแซงการเมือง นอกจากนี้ต้องทบทวนและปฏิรูประบบยุติธรรมที่มีปัญหาสองมาตรฐานมาตลอด และต้องมีการพัฒนาสังคมไทยสู่รัฐสวัสดิการ ในรูปแบบ “ถ้วนหน้า-ครบวงจร-ผ่านการเก็บภาษีจากคนรวย” เพื่อเพิ่มความเท่าเทียมและความเป็นธรรมทางสังคม
สิ่งเหล่านี้จะเป็นเครื่องชี้วัดความจริงใจและอุดมการณ์ประชาธิปไตยของ รัฐบาลใหม่ เพราะแค่การหมุนนาฬิากากลับไปก่อนรัฐประหาร ๑๙ กันยา และการ “ลืม” อาชญากรรมของฝ่ายอำมาตย์ จะต้องถือว่าเป็นความล้มเหลว
ภาระทั้งหมดอันสำคัญเหล่านี้ เราคงเดาได้ว่าพรรคเพื่อไทยคงจะไม่มีเจตตนาในการผลักดันหรือกระทำแต่อย่างใด ดังนั้นขบวนการเสื้อแดงจะต้องรวมตัวกัน และเคลื่อนไหวอย่างต่อเนื่อง เพื่อกดดัน หรือ “ช่วย” ให้รัฐบาลกระทำในสิ่งที่ถูกต้อง เสื้อแดงสำคัญอย่างยิ่งในช่วงนี้ เพราะเราจะต้องไม่ปล่อยให้คนเสื้อแดงที่เสียสละและออกมาสู้เพื่อประชาธิปไตย โดนทอดทิ้งหรือหักหลัง
At the time, Los Angeles Times reporter Chuck Schilken reported that RGIII had been fined $10,000 last year for wearing a T-shirt with a Christian message. Schilken wrote:
“The NFL has pretty strict rules about what players can and can't wear at the stadium on game days at any time they might be visible to the public. Players' outfit can't feature ‘personal messages either in writing or illustration” and cannot “honor or commemorate individuals,' at least not without league approval.
Furthermore, the league won't grant permission for any items ‘which relate to political activities or causes, other non-football events, causes or campaigns, or charitable causes or campaigns.' Anything that is approved is supposed to be, among other things, “non-controversial.
So while there doesn't seem to be any specific rules pertaining to religious-themed shirts like the one Griffin was wearing, there looks to be plenty of gray area and language that could have caused some grief for RG3.”
3) When the Dallas Cowboys wanted to honor police that were gunned down by a progressive terrorist, they were not allowed to by the NFL. What about their “freedom of expression?”
4) So the argument that NFL players have “freedom of expression” to do whatever they want is utter bullshit. Complete bullshit, so much bullshit. They do not.
5) Expressing your Christian beliefs or supporting police is not allowed by the NFL. Expressing your America-hating or Marxist beliefs, like Kaepernick's Communist Castro-loving t-shirt he was allowed to wear or his socks depicting police as pigs were allowed by the NFL management. Is this the USA or the USSR, NFL?
6) During a game on Sunday in London between the Jacksonville Jaguars and the Baltimore Ravens, NFL players sat on their collective asses for the American National Anthem but then STOOD for the rendition of “God Save the Queen,” the British anthem. How in the world does this make any sense at all?
7) NFL owners like the New England Patriots' Robert Kraft, called President Trump's strong condemnation of the flag-sitters “divisive.” But it's not divisive for players to disrespect the American flag and everything it stands for, including those who gave their lives fighting for it? That's somehow not divisive? Huh?
New rules requiring internet traffic to be treated equally are voted through by MEPs but amendments aimed at closing a series of exemptions are defeated
Supporters of net neutrality have accused the European Union of undermining its own net neutrality laws after MEPs voted down amendments aimed at closing loopholes.
Net neutrality is the principle that internet service providers should treat all online content equally without blocking or slowing down specific websites on purpose or allowing companies to pay for preferential treatment.
The European parliament voted through new rules intended to enshrine that principle in law, but critics say they are fatally undermined by a number of loopholes which “open the door to an end to net neutrality”.
An attempt to close those loopholes through amendments failed to gain enough support from MEPs to pass.
Following the vote, the regulations are immediately in force in all EU member states, but national regulators, who are ultimately responsible for overseeing the implementation of the rules, will not be expected to start enforcement for six months.
Among the exceptions opposed by net neutrality supporters is one which allows providers to offer priority to “specialised services”, providing they still treat the “open” internet equally. Many had seen the exception as allowing providers to offer an internet fast lane to paying sites, leading to the Italian government to propose removing the exception from the draft regulations.
The final draft, however, limits what services can be given priority to uses like remote surgery, driverless cars and preventing terrorist attacks. The regulation also requires that those specialised services cannot be offered if they restrict bandwidth for normal internet users.
A different exception is aimed at situations where the limitation is not speed, but data usage. The EU's regulations allow “zero rating”, a practice whereby certain sites or applications are not counted against data limits. That gives those sites a specific advantage when dealing with users with strict data caps such as those on mobile internet. The new regulations allow national regulators to decide whether or not to allow zero rating in their own country.
The most significant example of the practice is Internet.org, Facebook's platform for spreading net access to the developing world. The service allows access for free to sites including Facebook and Wikipedia, but its cut-down nature has prompted the web's inventor, Tim Berners-Lee, to advise people to “just say no” to it.
Other exceptions include an allowance for ISPs to predict periods of peak demand and introduce “reasonable traffic management measures”, and to group some services into traffic “classes”, which can be sped up or slowed down at will.
The European consumer organisation BEUC welcomed the changes but warned that the exceptions would undermine the overall achievement. “A robust net neutrality law involves protections against undue management of traffic and discriminatory commercial practices. What Europe is essentially saying here is that all internet data is born equal, but some is more equal than others.”
It said it applauded the new onus on internet service providers to treat traffic equally, but said safeguards against the impact of ‘specialised services' are not strong enough.
“In the end, negotiators also decided not to tackle commercially driven discriminations such as ‘zero rating', where operators exempt content from data allowances and thereby shepherd users away from competitors' content. Such exemptions enable the largest telecoms operators and content providers to continue to shape the market to the detriment of consumer choice. Such increasingly common practices must be addressed.”
Mike Weston, the chief executive of data science consultancy Profusion, said that: “The EU's vote opens the door to an end to net neutrality in Europe that could severely damage tech companies and consumers.
“For most tech companies, an end to net neutrality is potentially a disaster. By seeking to ascribe different values to data and, potentially charging accordingly, it will be more expensive for many tech companies to operate.”
In the run-up to the vote, an open letter signed by companies including Etsy, Kickstarter and Tumblr expressed concerns with the proliferation of loopholes and exceptions in the legislation. The exceptions, it said, “jeopardise the future of the startup innovation and economic growth in the EU. They also create barriers for US startups and businesses seeking to enter the EU market”.
“We believe that the future of the open internet in Europe is at stake and urgent action is warranted.”
As part of the same vote, the EU also required mobile carriers across the continent to abolish roaming charges by 2017.
Milo Yiannopoulos Resigns From Breitbart News Far-right firebrand insists “decision is mine alone”
Milo Yiannopoulos resigned from Breitbart minutes before he addressed recent pedophilia comments he made that sparked outrage across the nation and announced he will now start a new “independently funded” media venture.
“Breitbart News has stood by me when others caved. They allowed me to carry conservative and libertarian ideas to communities that would otherwise never have heard them. They have been a significant factor in my success. I'm grateful for that freedom and for the friendships I forged here,” Yiannopoulos said in a statement.
Milo Yiannopoulos speaks during a news conference, Tuesday, Feb. 21, 2017, in New York. The right-wing provocateur is holding the news conference amid heavy criticism over his comments about relationships between boys and older men. The Breitbart editor has been disinvited to a conservative conference and his publisher has canceled the planned release of his upcoming book in June. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) less Milo Yiannopoulos speaks during a news conference, Tuesday, Feb. 21, 2017, in New York. The right-wing provocateur is holding the news conference amid heavy criticism over his comments about relationships ... more Photo: Mary Altaffer/AP Photo: Mary Altaffer/AP Image 1 of / 50 Caption Close Milo Yiannopoulos Resigns From Breitbart News 1 / 50 Back to Gallery
He continued: “I would be wrong to allow my poor choice of words to detract from my colleagues' important reporting, so today I am resigning from Breitbart, effective immediately. This decision is mine alone.”
Also Read: Milo Yiannapoulos' Rise and Fall, From GamerGate to Pedophilia Video (Photos)
On Sunday, a video surfaced in which Yiannopoulos said some relationships between adults and 13-year-olds are consensual. The Breitbart editor and outspoken Donald Trump supporter also joked that being molested had made him good at oral sex.
“I am horrified by pedophilia,” he said during the press conference. “I do not support child abuse.”
Also Read: Milo Yiannopoulos Promises to Remain 'Offensive' After Breitbart Resignation (Video)
During Tuesday's press conference, Yiannopoulos said he will continue to make jokes and mock issues that are often considered controversial. His pedophilia comments have resulted in being uninvited to speak at CPAC, Simon & Schuster canceling his book deal and now he has stepped down as the Breitbart tech editor.
Yiannopoulos concluded his resignation statement: “When your friends have done right by you, you do right by them. For me, now, that means stepping aside to my colleagues at Breitbart can get back to the great work they do.”
Also Read: Watch Milo Yiannopoulos Press Conference Live Stream (Video)
Yiannopoulos said his book, “Dangerous,” has received interest from other publishers.
“The book will come out this year as planned, with perhaps an additional chapter,” he said before adding that 10 percent of proceeds will help support child abuse charities.
Yiannopoulos said that a new “independently funded” media venture will be announced shortly and a live tour that he called the “Troll Academy Tour” will kick off this year.
“I started my career as a technology editor who wrote about politics but I have since mutated and grown into something quite different,” he said. “I'm now a performer with millions of fans… I look forward to making you all laugh, cry and think for many, many decades to come. My full focus is now going to be on entertaining and educating everyone.”
He previously defended his comments on Facebook: “I am a gay man, and a child abuse victim… My own experiences as a victim led me to believe I could say anything I wanted to on this subject, no matter how outrageous.”
Read original story Milo Yiannopoulos Resigns From Breitbart News At TheWrap
WASHINGTON — Federal inspectors charged with ensuring the safety of offshore oil drilling are overwhelmed, insufficiently trained, work without official procedures for some of their most crucial decisions and sometimes have insufficient support from their supervisors for resisting industry influence, according to a report released Tuesday by the Interior Department's inspector general.
The report, which examined the practices of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, echoes the findings of an earlier investigation by the department released in September, and is based on much of the same raw material. But the new report offers additional recommendations and provides new details of the problems in the agency, which until last spring was called the Minerals Management Service.
The Obama administration reorganized the agency after the April 20 explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig that killed 11 workers and resulted in the worst offshore oil spill in the nation's history.
Mary L. Kendall, the inspector general, acknowledged that some of the report's findings might be outdated. But Michael R. Bromwich, the head of the offshore drilling safety agency, said in a letter to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar that the new report was filled with “serious deficiencies and errors.” The report, Mr. Bromwich said, failed to take account of recent reforms in the agency, which he said was “curious, especially given that this information is readily available.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a statement issued in anticipation of the report's release, Mr. Salazar said the inspector general's investigation “further validates the urgency, direction and steps we have already taken toward building a transformed regulatory agency, with the authorities, resources and support to provide strong and effective regulation and oversight.”
Last week Microsoft announced it would try its best to avoid antitrust charges in Europe by shipping Windows 7 without Internet Explorer 8. Unfortunately, it seems few abroad are satisfied with that move.
Some felt it was a gracious move by the Redmond-based company, which has been under antitrust investigation by the European Union since complaints were first made in 2001.
EC: Still Not Enough
Surprisingly, European regulators still aren't impressed.
In a statement released over the weekend, the European Commission rejected Microsoft's offer, stating that it felt the move would not increase the competitiveness of the browser market or allow smaller names like Opera or Mozilla to compete with Microsoft in that space. (Source: reuters.com)
Many insiders believe the quick rejection was made because of the 2004 Windows Media Player debacle, when Microsoft removed the program from its operating systems. Many consumers simply demanded it be put back in, and the impact on sales was marginal at best.
It's expected that under Microsoft's plan consumers would be asked by retailers what browser they'd like to try when they make a new Windows 7-based PC purchase. Given the name recognition of Microsoft and Internet Explorer, it's unlikely anyone will blurt out the name of a small time browser.
Regulators Want Browser Ballots
Instead, the European Commission wants every copy of Windows 7 to include a browser election of sorts. Regulators suggest that the best method would be to have every browser available at the time of purchase, giving the buyer a chance to try out them all.
That, of course, is not what Microsoft wants. It wants a one-time commitment by the new consumer, and because everyone recognizes their name, it's likely most will go with IE8 anyhow. (Source: nytimes.com)
Tonight's Raw from Memphis, TN, is the go-home show for Clash of Champions. Cesaro vs. Sheamus in match number six of their best-of-seven series will be on the show along with Seth Rollins vs. Rusev, as well as the debut of the cruiserweight division which will likely set up something for Sunday's PPV.
Among those backstage include Luke Harper, Emma, Paige, TJ Perkins, Brian Kendrick, Jack Gallagher (who was in Toronto over the weekend) and Rich Swann. Emma worked the Raw weekend house shows as a referee. Harper is just about ready to return if not ready right now.
Raw looks to rebound off its lowest non-holiday number since 1996 last week going against football. Tonight's game is the Chicago Bears vs. Philadelphia Eagles, which are two of the top five markets in the country. Next week would be the one that Raw will really take it on the chin against football and the first presidential debate unless they do a hot angle coming off Clash of Champions.
After the failed week-long experiment of (Get To) The Point and the unsteady The Lead With Jake Tapper, Jeff Zucker is looking for a blast from the past to revive CNN. The ratings-struggling cable new network is bringing back Crossfire in June, network insiders tell me. No hosts have been chosen yet, the sources say. Nor is it clear if the show will definitely remain a half hour, as the original Crossfire was, or go longer. Right now it seems that Crossfire 2.0 is slated to have a variety of CNN personalities and contributors taking up the “left” and “right” roles on the new version of the political debate show. A CNN standard almost from the begining, Crossfire ran on the network in both daytime and primetime from 1982 until it was cancelled in 2005. Crossfire isn't the first piece of CNN history Zucker has brought back since taking over in January. The former Today show producer reinstalled James Earl Jones' traditional “This is CNN” promo voiceover in his first week in his new gig.
Related: Jon Stewart Slams Jeff Zucker & CNN's “Spiral Downward”
Related: Kate Bolduan Named CNN Morning Show Co-Host
An Edmonton woman is urging buyer beware of she spent thousands of dollars with a matchmaking company but only went on a single date with a gap-toothed homeless man.
Val Taylor, 54, paid $7,344 for a membership with Edmonton Matchmakers at their office in Old Strathcona. A company salesperson promised to find her a match, but Taylor says her single suitor was hardly the man of her dreams.
'Very surreal experience'
The date was shorter than her five-foot-10 frame, unemployed and homeless, she said in an interview with CBC Radio's Edmonton AM.
"He was partially toothless," she said. "And during our coffee, he continuously chewed and destroyed plastic utensils. It was a very surreal experience."
"I had very strictly specified that I'm not anybody's sugar mamma. I'm not dating any unemployed bums and this guy lived in a camper on the side of the road."
Taylor decided to go public with her story after another Edmonton woman, Margaret Clark, filed a lawsuit against Canada Introductions Inc., which operates as Edmonton Matchmakers.
In a statement of claim filed March 31, Clark said she paid $10,494 for her membership — and a single date. She claims the company was "using extreme and persistent high-pressure sales tactics." A statement of defence has not yet been filed in the case, and the allegations have not been proven in court.
'Hiding in my house in shame'
But Taylor said she too has serious concerns about the company.
"I thought, 'Oh my god, somebody went public with that,' because I've been basically hiding in my house in shame since it happened," said Taylor. "I think it was very brave of her. I've long wanted to do something myself and bring this company to light because I'm sure Margaret and I are not the only two people out there."
Taylor went to the company's office in July of 2015 to inquire about a membership. She alleges that was subjected to an aggressive sales pitch, which "hacked away at her self-esteem."
The contract with the company promised to provide her 12 "referrals" but not a successful match. An information package describes the service as a "premier matchmaking service for upscale and mature singles" with an "introduction process that has produced thousands of relationships."
She eventually agreed to sign on and filled out a form, asking for a match with an attractive and gainfully employed man close to her own age, she said.
"Your self-esteem is already low when you go to someplace like that, because you're thinking I'm such a loser, I have to go to a company to find me a date," she said.
"And they use high-pressure sales tactics, and then when you tell them that you want to think about it, they berate you and make you feel like you've wasted their time and cost them money."
Within a week, she was set up with a date. It would be her first, and her last with the company.
After her outing with the "toothless gentleman," Taylor said she complained immediately and asked for a full refund on her contract.
'Very, very fine writing'
She was flatly denied, and was never again matched on a date, she claims.
"You can sign up for these different packages and in very, very fine writing it tells you that once you've had your first meeting, you're locked into the contract," she said. "And then they set you up with someone completely inappropriate. They set you up very quickly so you don't have time to change your mind, and then it's a brush-off after that."
Edmonton Matchmakers has not responded to CBC Edmonton's repeated requests for comment.
In 2015, the Texas attorney general's office shut down the company's U.S. affiliate, ordering Lone Star Introductions to pay a fine of $500,000 for violating the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act.
The Better Business Bureau of Massachusetts confirmed Edmonton Matchmakers is affiliated with Lone Star Introductions, which also operates as eLove.
In addition to the fine, Lone Star was ordered to pay $20,000 in restitution to customers. The company was also found in violation of the Texas Internet Dating Safety Act and debt-collection regulations.
Service Alberta investigated Clark's claim in 2015 but found "insufficient evidence" to identify an offence or enforce regulations. As of Wednesday, a Service Alberta spokesperson has not yet responded to a request for comment from CBC News.
A number of negative reviews can be found on the Edmonton BBB page.
Taylor said she would like to see the matchmaking service investigated again.
"This kind of companies need to be shut down because they're preying on vulnerable people and laughing all the way to the bank," she said.
Photo
GREENVILLE, S.C. — Jeb Bush invited a firestorm on Friday by saying that “stuff happens” in reference to renewed calls for legislative action after tragedies like the mass shooting in Oregon.
“I had this challenge as governor because we had — look, stuff happens,” he said at a forum in South Carolina. “There's always a crisis and the impulse is always to do something, and it's not necessarily the right thing to do.”
The inelegant phrase immediately set off a wave of criticism from observers suggesting he was playing down the scourge of gun violence and the tragedy on Thursday, in which a gunman killed nine people at a community college in Roseburg, Ore.
Mr Bush, taking questions from the state's attorney general, Alan Wilson, was speaking about a pattern of proposing legislative responses that he said did not halt the tragedies they were meant to stop.
Asked afterward about the “stuff happens” comment, Mr. Bush said, “it wasn't a mistake,” and requested that a reporter point out “what I said wrong.”
“Things happen all the time,” Mr. Bush said. “Things. Is that better?”
Asked what he meant, Mr. Bush said he was talking more generally about the tendency to pass laws in response to tragic events.
“Tragedies,” he said. “A child drowned in a pool and the impulse is to pass a law that puts fencing around pools. Well it may not change it. Or you have a car accident and the impulse is to pass a law that deals with that unique event. And the cumulative effect of this is, in some cases, you don't solve the problem by passing the law, and you're imposing on large numbers of people burdens that make it harder for our economy to grow, make it harder to protect liberty.”
Mr. Bush said he was not referring specifically to Oregon when he said “stuff happens.”
At the forum at Furman University in Greenville, S.C., Mr. Bush boasted of his pro-gun record as Florida governor, recalling awards he received from the National Rifle Association and noting that he once received a gun from the group's former president, Charlton Heston.
At a news conference in Washington, President Obama was asked to respond to Mr. Bush's comments after being read a small portion of them.
“I don't even think I have to react to that one,” Mr. Obama said, adding, “The American people should hear that.”
A spokeswoman for Mr. Bush, Allie Brandenburger, said in an email that Mr. Bush's critics were “taking shameless advantage of a horrific tragedy.”
“It is sad and beyond craven that liberal Democrats, aided and abetted by some in the national media, would dishonestly take Governor Bush's comments out of context in a cheap attempt to advance their political agenda in the wake of a tragedy,” she said.
Video
Obama Rebukes Bush on ‘Stuff Happens' Reaction to Oregon Shootings The Republican presidential candidate shrugged off any need for government action in the wake of the massacre of nine people at a community college in Oregon.
Jonathan Martin reported from Greenville, S.C., and Matt Flegenheimer from New York.
After lengthy negotiations, investor Pacific West Commercial Corporation reached an agreement with the Nova Scotian Government to take over the New Page SC paper mill.
Soon, the Port Hawkesbury paper mill is to be up and running again. After the deal between the Nova Scotian government and the investor Pacific West Commercial Corp. appeared to have fallen through on Thursday, 21 September, Nova Scotia's Premier Darrell Dexter, announced on 22 September that Pacific West Commercial Corp. had approached the government with a new proposal to take over the paper mill. According to a statement from the Premier, an agreement had been reached by Friday night.
“The new deal is a win-win for the province and Pacific West. Overnight, the province achieved a better arrangement for taxpayers and Pacific West achieved the competitive position it needs to operate the mill profitably for the long run,” Premier Darrell Dexter said in a statement.
Pacific West Commercial Corp. plans to take over the former New Page Port Hawkesbury SC paper mill as of 28 September. The renamed ‘Port Hawkesbury Paper' is to produce SC paper as of the first days of October. According to the company's Facebook page, the first workers have been back to revamp the mill since Monday, 24 September.
"I am very pleased – for the employees of the mill, members of the community, and the mill's many suppliers and customers – to be able to announce that the issues that prevented the mill from restarting have been overcome. Many people have worked extremely hard to arrive at this moment, and we will all continue to work hard together over the coming years to ensure that Port Hawkesbury remains the highest quality, most competitive paper mill of its kind in North America,” said Ron Stern, CEO of Pacific West Commercial Corp. in a press release.
New Page Port Hawkesbury had to suspend operations at two machines with a capacity of 190,000 tpy of newsprint and 360,000 tpy of SC paper in mid-September 2011 due to market weakness as well as the negative impact of the high-flying Canadian dollar. The provincial government has so far invested an amount of CAD36.8m in the mill to keep it in a “hot idle” state and therefore attractive for potential investors. Moreover, it was announced in August 2012 that the province is to invest several million Canadian dollars through its Jobs Fund and several million dollars through the Department of Natural Resources to support the mill.
Wake up at 7:30, commute to work, spend 13 hours in the office, run for the last train home, eat, and crash into to bed. The next day, rinse and repeat. Welcome to the insane working hours of a Japanese “salaryman” during crunch times at work. It's a schedule that sometimes leads to what the Japanese call karoshi–death by overwork. Now, in an attempt to help, the Japanese government is considering a plan to force workers to take five vacation days a year.
Here's an expat in Japan documenting his typical work week, with 78 hours of work and only 35 hours of sleep:
Now the Japanese government is considering stepping in to stop the madness, with plans to submit legislation that would make five days of paid vacation mandatory every year.
“People are literally working themselves to death,” says Jeffrey Johnson, a researcher at the University of Maryland who studied the phenomenon of karoshi. “There's an accumulation of case studies of people who worked extremely intense hours, and then died when they were relatively young.” A Japanese nonprofit set up by the families left behind lists one typical example: Mr. Kanameda, who worked as many as 110 hours every week at a snack food company, and died at 34.
Like the U.S., where only half of workers took a single vacation day last year, Japan has a culture that makes people reluctant to take time off. “People truly believe the harder they work, the better they are,” says Johnson. “And there's this kind of samurai commitment to their employers, this devotion to duty that enables people to lose that almost instinctual self-protection.”
The problem isn't just long hours, but the intensity of work. Some jobs also incorporate the philosophy of kaizen–continuous improvement–which asks employees to ruthlessly eliminate any second of downtime on the job.
“The idea is that if you're working on an assembly line, you should be working every moment,” Johnson says. “Even if there are 20 seconds where you have no work, you need to identify that time as waste. From a stress researcher's point of view, those are moments when someone might be able to rest and recover a little.”
Texas Senator Ted Cruz garnered additional controversy on social media this week when the Senator's official Facebook page shared an Amazon purchase of the Blu-ray collection of the anime series Kiss x Sis. Although the post was quickly retracted, Cruz's over 2 million Facebook followers took notice to the odd purchase. The anime, which features an incestuous relationship between step siblings and depicts a large amount of sexual situations, drew questions from those who happened to see the post.
Cruz called the post a ‘staffing error' and a mistake his staff is going to address, “I must have left my Amazon account logged in on one of the office computers,” Cruz stated in a later interview. “Somebody probably used it later not realizing it was under my name. It was an honest mistake and we have already taken steps to resolve the issue.”
Political critics were skeptical whether or not Cruz was the one who made the Amazon purchase. Cruz was later claimed to be overheard speaking with fellow Senator John Cornyn stating in his discussion, “You see, they're not related by blood so there really shouldn't be a problem.” Another Senator claimed to hear Cruz make a mention of Oreimo, calling it ‘pretty good'. Cruz's spokeswoman, Catherine Frazier, responded to the allegations stating that the Amazon order had been canceled by staff; the order was made in error and had in no way been done by the Senator himself.
“It would be just like Cruz to declare he is for traditional conservative values only to then pleasure himself with incestuous fantasies once out of the eye of the public,” proclaimed Democratic Congressman Lloyd Doggett. “How hypocritical of him to have such a restrictive view on sex, supporting abstinence-only programs while he himself is out acquiring erotic material.”
Amazon representatives could not be reached for comment in regards to the purchase. However, the website did offer us a free copy of A Time for Truth: Reigniting the Promise of America with the purchase of Kiss x Sis vol 1. Currently, the offer is sold out at the time of reporting.
A self-declared Libyan government set up by an armed group that seized the capital in August has taken over the websites of the state administration and the national oil company, adding to confusion over who is running the country.
With Libya's official government and parliament now operating from towns hundreds of miles east of Tripoli, the armed group, from the western city of Misrata, that has seized ministry buildings in the capital now controls their websites.
The website of Prime Minister Abdullah Thinni - who now sits with his cabinet in the eastern city of Bayda - shows the picture of the man the Misrata rebels have declared as prime minister, Omar al-Hasi, and lists the names of his team.
The group, which calls itself the National Salvation government, has also taken over the website of the National Oil Corp. Next to tender offers, the website features the picture of the self-declared government's oil minister.
Libya's neighbors and Western powers fear the conflict between the two rival governments could drag the OPEC member into civil war.
While Thinni's government - recognized by the United Nations - has relocated to Bayda, the elected House of Representatives is now based in Tobruk, even further east, near the Egyptian border.
Last month, the United Nations launched talks aimed at solving the crisis by bringing together members of the House of Representatives and Misrata lawmakers who have boycotted the assembly since it convened in August.
The talks have not taken in armed factions from Misrata or a rival militia allied to the western city of Zintan who battled Misrata forces in Tripoli for more than a month over the summer.
But diplomats hope that since Misrata members from the house are indirectly linked to a rival parliament that has been set up in Tripoli, the talks will start a broader political dialog.
As the countdown continues to the inaugural Laver Cup, Marin Cilic and Sam Querrey are the latest stars to commit to the innovative tournament set to take place at the O₂ arena in Prague, Czech Republic from September 22-24, 2017.
World No.6 Cilic's impressive tennis resume includes the 2014 US Open title, making the 28-year-old the youngest active male Grand Slam champion. He is also one of Croatia's most decorated Davis Cup players, having played 20 ties since his debut in 2006 and leading his nation into last year's final.
Cilic reached his first Wimbledon final last month and now looks forward to joining his SW19 rival Roger Federer as they unite to represent Team Europe.
“I know how well Roger is playing this season, so it will be nice to be on the same team in Prague,” Cilic said.
“To be part of the first Laver Cup is really exciting and something I am looking forward to. To be representing Team Europe is a huge honor for me.”
Cilic completes Team Europe's top four lineups alongside Federer, Rafael Nadal and Dominic Thiem. Team captain Bjorn Borg will announce his two captain's picks in the coming weeks. World No.14 Tomas Berdych has also committed to the Laver Cup and is in line for selection.
“Team Europe has assembled a powerhouse team and I could not be more thrilled,” Borg said. “Marin is enjoying his most consistent season yet, adding even more depth to our lineup.”
Querrey, the world No.20 American, joins Team World alongside fellow top four qualifiers Milos Raonic, Jack Sock and John Isner. Captain John McEnroe is also set to announce his captain's picks by the conclusion of the final Grand Slam of the year.
“Team Europe might have three Grand Slam champions, but Team World has four of the biggest servers in the world,” McEnroe warned.
“Sam is a dangerous player who has twice upset the world No.1 at Wimbledon in the past two years, so he brings a big game.”
Querrey's inclusion follows a stellar 2017 season and he continues to go from strength to strength. The 29-year-old won his tenth career title in Los Cabos last week, reached his first Grand Slam semifinal at Wimbledon last month, and defeated Team Europe rivals Nadal and Thiem to win the title in Acapulco in March.
“Beating four top 20 players to win Acapulco and making the Wimbledon semifinals have been new highs for me. It has been a fun season so far and now I can't wait to be part of the Laver Cup too,” Querrey said.
The Laver Cup will be played on one court over three days at the O 2 arenas in Prague, with a mixture of singles and doubles matches.
The tournament is named in honor of Australian legend Rod Laver, whose achievement in winning the Grand Slam twice – both as an amateur and a professional – set the benchmark for greatness in world tennis.
– After three years, police in Denver have arrested a man suspected in several indecent exposure incidents in a neighborhood near Sloan's Lake. They dubbed the suspect the Pink Thong Bandit.
“It's crazy that he hasn't been caught until now,” said resident Lauren Strickland.
According to police, Gary Miller Jr., 37, was arrested on Tuesday.
“He was offensive, he was breaking the law and it was a crime that concerned us greatly because you never know if the person is going to escalate or what they might do,” said Denver Police spokesman Sonny Jackson.
The indecent exposure incidents in the neighborhood date back to the summer of 2012 with the last one occurring in June of 2014. Police said even thought they were able to identify Miller as the suspected Pink Thong Bandit, they were unable to locate him because he would disappear for long periods of time.
RELATED: Police Elevate Search For ‘Pink Thong Bandit' In Indecent Exposures
Police said they received a tip from Metro Denver Crime Stoppers that led them to a residence near 76th Avenue and Pecos Street where they arrested Miller.
“We had been looking for him for a while and we got a good tip,” said Jackson.
Miller is being held for investigation of indecent exposure for the 2014 incident. Police are investigating to see if he's responsible for the previous incidents.
People who live in the Sloan's Lake neighborhood are relieved he has been captured.
“I'm relieved to know the situation has been handled and he's been taken in by the police and we don't have to worry about him anymore,” said Strickland.
“I'm very happy he got caught. It's kind of scary,” said resident Angelique Houle.
One hundred and 10 years ago, the Chicago Cubs ended the regular season with a 116-36 record. That .763 winning percentage is the best in modern baseball history by a comfortable margin, but the Cubs went on to drop the World Series to the White Sox in six games. Might they still be the greatest team in baseball history?
We recently calculated historical Elo ratings for every team after every game as part of our Complete History Of MLB interactive graphic. (We've done the same for the NBA and NFL.) Elo ratings are one of our preferred metrics at FiveThirtyEight, because their simple inputs make them useful for comparing the relative strengths of teams across the entire history of a league. We can also use Elo to calculate season ratings for every MLB team since 1903, when the first modern World Series was played. We arrived at an overall season rating — what the table below calls “composite” Elo — by blending each team's peak, average and final Elo for each season. This lets us take into account a team's highest level of performance, its sustained performance throughout the season and, broadly, how well it did in the postseason.
So who comes out on top? The 1906 Cubs have the highest peak Elo, but because of their World Series loss, they rate as the second-best team since 1903, behind the 1939 New York Yankees. We ranked all 2,374 team-seasons from 1903 to 2015 — you can explore them below:
Our Elo ratings find that the league was a bit more top-heavy in its earlier decades. If you scan through the top of the list, you'll notice that most of the best seasons since 1903 happened more than 50 years ago — in fact, 71 of the 100 best seasons fall before 1960. The New York Yankees' insane dominance in the 1920s, '30s, '40s and '50s is responsible for a lot of this imbalance. Twenty-five of the 100 best seasons are Yankees seasons from those decades:
After the Yankees dynasty declined, MLB's best teams started to be a lot less good. The 1960s were understandably weak — with just two teams in the Elo top 100 — because MLB expanded by eight teams during this span. The 1980s don't have the same excuse, and the decade's best squad — the 1986 Mets — rates as only the 62nd-best team ever. The first six seasons of the 2010s were similarly middling; of the teams from those years, the 2011 Phillies rank the highest on the all-time list, at No. 76.
GRAPHIC: We calculated Elo ratings after every game in MLB history — more than 400,000 ratings in total. Explore every team's history »
Although that Philadelphia team lost in the division series, it still rates as the best Phillies squad in history. Here's every franchise's best team ever:
FRANCH. TEAM COMP. ELO WON WS? RANK AMONG BEST TEAMS EVER – NYY 1939 New York Yankees 1623 ✓ 1 – CHC 1906 Chicago Cubs 1620 2 – PIT 1909 Pittsburgh Pirates 1609 ✓ 4 – OAK 1911 Philadelphia Athletics 1607 ✓ 7 – STL 1942 St. Louis Cardinals 1605 ✓ 8 – SF 1905 New York Giants 1601 ✓ 13 – BAL 1970 Baltimore Orioles 1600 ✓ 19 – CIN 1976 Cincinnati Reds 1595 ✓ 23 – CLE 1954 Cleveland Indians 1594 24 – SEA 2001 Seattle Mariners 1590 34 – LAD 1953 Brooklyn Dodgers 1586 40 – ATL 1998 Atlanta Braves 1586 42 – DET 1935 Detroit Tigers 1585 ✓ 43 – BOS 1912 Boston Red Sox 1584 ✓ 46 – NYM 1986 New York Mets 1580 ✓ 62 – CHW 1917 Chicago White Sox 1579 ✓ 68 – MIN 1933 Washington Senators 1577 74 – PHI 2011 Philadelphia Phillies 1577 76 – LAA 2002 Anaheim Angels 1576 ✓ 81 – HOU 1998 Houston Astros 1572 110 – TEX 2011 Texas Rangers 1568 141 – TOR 2015 Toronto Blue Jays 1565 161 – ARI 2002 Arizona Diamondbacks 1564 166 – WSH 1994 Montreal Expos 1561 * 208 – KC 1977 Kansas City Royals 1560 213 – TB 2012 Tampa Bay Rays 1558 237 – MIL 1982 Milwaukee Brewers 1558 246 – SD 1998 San Diego Padres 1543 480 – COL 2007 Colorado Rockies 1537 596 – MIA 2003 Florida Marlins 1537 ✓ 601 Every MLB franchise's best season, 1903-2015 * 1994 World Series was not played
The 1939 Yankees and 1906 Cubs are in a league of their own, more than 10 Elo points ahead of the other franchises. The Marlins have only been around since 1993, but it's still sort of sad that their best team ever (World Series champions no less!) is just the 601st-best team ever. The Colorado Rockies, a franchise that was also born in 1993, are about as sad, but without the World Series rings. The San Diego Padres have had a much longer commitment to mediocrity; the franchise's best team in its 47 seasons of existence comes in at No. 480. Fans of the Braves, Dodgers, Red Sox, Tigers, White Sox, Twins and Phillies may also be disappointed by their team's position in this list. All seven franchises go back to 1903, but none of their teams in the last 113 seasons have come close to cracking the top 25.
But great seasons aren't the only way to be an exceptional baseball team. Here's every MLB franchise's worst squad ever:
FRANCH. TEAM COMP. ELO 1ST YEAR? RANK AMONG WORST TEAMS EVER – MIN 1904 Washington Senators 1387 1 – DET 2003 Detroit Tigers 1397 2 – NYM 1962 New York Mets 1398 ✓ 3 – PHI 1942 Philadelphia Phillies 1400 4 – OAK 1916 Philadelphia Athletics 1402 5 – ATL 1911 Boston Rustlers 1414 9 – BOS 1932 Boston Red Sox 1414 12 – BAL 1911 St. Louis Browns 1417 15 – PIT 1953 Pittsburgh Pirates 1418 19 – TOR 1979 Toronto Blue Jays 1419 22 – SD 1969 San Diego Padres 1419 ✓ 23 – WSH 1969 Montreal Expos 1421 ✓ 25 – HOU 2013 Houston Astros 1425 35 – SEA 1978 Seattle Mariners 1429 40 – TEX 1973 Texas Rangers 1431 44 – LAD 1905 Brooklyn Superbas 1431 46 – STL 1908 St. Louis Cardinals 1432 51 – CHW 1932 Chicago White Sox 1435 61 – CIN 1934 Cincinnati Reds 1436 69 – KC 2005 Kansas City Royals 1437 71 – CHC 1962 Chicago Cubs 1441 94 – TB 2002 Tampa Bay Devil Rays 1442 96 – MIL 1969 Seattle Pilots 1443 ✓ 103 – COL 1993 Colorado Rockies 1444 ✓ 105 – NYY 1908 New York Highlanders 1449 136 – ARI 2004 Arizona Diamondbacks 1449 143 – MIA 1993 Florida Marlins 1449 ✓ 146 – CLE 1915 Cleveland Indians 1451 156 – SF 1985 San Francisco Giants 1461 251 – LAA 1969 California Angels 1464 279 Every MLB franchise's worst season, 1903-2015
The 2003 Detroit Tigers lost 119 games, winning five of their last six to avoid the 120-loss modern record set by the 1962 Mets in their first season as a franchise. Elo isn't fooled, though — the 2003 Tigers had a slightly worse run differential than the 1962 Mets and have a slightly lower rating here. The 1904 Washington Senators, now the Twins, were even more terrible according to Elo, going 38-113 (the equivalent of a 121-loss modern 162-game season). Angel fans probably don't look back on the 91-loss 1969 season too fondly, but, compared with the other franchises' lousiest seasons ever, it's not a bad low point, ranking just 279th-worst.
So what will come in 2016? The Atlanta Braves and Cincinnati Reds have had a rough start and could make a run at new Elo lows for their franchises. But the real team to watch is the Chicago Cubs, who have started the season at 24-6 with an incredible +102 runs differential. It's a hard pace to keep up, but if they do, the Cubs could make a run at becoming one of the greatest teams of all time.
See the complete history of every MLB team.
Check out our latest MLB predictions.
Vegemite will be Australian-owned once again after Bega Cheese agreed to buy the iconic spread and other well-known brands for $460 million.
Bega said on Thursday it will acquire Vegemite, ZoOSh mayonnaise and Bonox under the deal to buy most of Mondelez International's Australia and New Zealand grocery and cheese business.
"The wonderful heritage and values that Vegemite represents and its importance to Australian culture makes its combination with Bega Cheese truly exciting," Bega executive chairman Barry Irvin said in a statement.
"In addition to Vegemite and the other brands being undeniably iconic, the people we are taking on are very impressive and will play an important role in growing the merged business."
Related reading Vegemite used to brew beer in Indigenous communities
Bega will also get the right to use the Kraft brand under licence for products including peanut butter, nut spreads, processed cheese slices, parmesan and others, as well as Mondelez's Port Melbourne site.
Bega said the deal, which will be funded by bank debt, represented the perfect opportunity to diversify beyond dairy into other markets.
Mondelez, which represents the international assets of the former Kraft Foods following its 2012 spin-off of its North American grocery business, said it will now focus on brands including Cadbury Dairy Milk chocolate and Oreos.
"We're extremely proud of our history as the custodian of the Vegemite brand for over 90 years, transforming it from its local roots into a global icon that's synonymous with Australia," Mondelez International vice president Amanda Banfield said.
"It's been a privilege stewarding this brand, which is found in almost every Australian household and is part of the fabric of the nation."
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz said he has been “stunned” by the response to his call for a boycott on political donations in response to Washington's poor handling of the debt-ceiling issue.
“We've touched a nerve,” said the CEO of the coffee behemoth on Wednesday in an exclusive interview with TheWrap. “There's such a groundswell of disappointment and concern with regard to the leadership in Washington and crisis of confidence that we have.”
He called for a suspension of donations to all incumbents, including President Obama, until a proper deal on the debt is achieved. He said he would announce a list of corporate leaders who had signed on to the no-donation pledge next week.
Also read: Hollywood Reacts to the Debt Deal With Relief
Complications have emerged from Schultz's initiative, in which some are worried about imbalance if supporters of only one party participate. A Starbucks spokesman said that was being addressed, and an escrow account for donations was under consideration.
Schultz told TheWrap that he has been deluged by emails and phone calls from corporate leaders and regular Americans in response to his call this week for a bipartisan ban on all political donations until a complete agreement on the debt deal is reached.
“What has surprised me the most is emails I've received from so many American people, working people,” he said. “These are people I don't know, and will never meet who've lost their jobs, lost their house. These stories would make you cry. They don't have a voice.”
The Washington brinksmanship resulted in a stopgap solution for increasing the debt ceiling that has angered the country and led to a downgrade in the nation's credit rating by Standard & Poor's.
“What I'm trying to do is through the lens of bipartisanship send a signal about the need for civility, and the absolute sense of urgency that Congress or president don't seem to have,” Schultz said.
“All those people should be in Washington. I don't begrudge them a vacation — but not in a crisis.”
President Obama is expected to go on vacation Aug. 18.
In his call to action, Schultz also invited corporate leaders to improve the country's economic climate by committing to create jobs individually in their companies.
He said Starbucks, which a few years ago shed several thousand jobs during the economic downturn, would accelerate store openings in the United States to create jobs this year.
The company hired 36,000 people since January, according to a spokesman, an increase of 15 percent over the previous year. Some 3,700 of those were new positions, the rest were through employee turnover.
Schultz said that he was moved to call for the boycott out of frustration with Washington.
“There's a seismic change in the cause and effect of a lack of leadership in Washington,” he said. “The S&P downgrade, while a reflection of the balance sheet, is as much a reflection of the dysfunctionality and lack of confidence in political system. There has to be a change.”
Schultz said he was worried that the lack of confidence could spread through global markets, and prolong economic decline.
But he is not the only corporate leader calling for action. This week Warren Buffett called for higher taxes for the super-rich, including himself.
Schultz said he had spoken to Buffett this week, but would not say if the billionaire would join his pledge.
Image caption Christine Lagarde said the eurozone remains "the epicentre" of global economic worries
The International Monetary Fund looks likely to cut its forecast for global growth next month when it updates its projections for the world economy.
IMF head Christine Lagarde said in a speech that global growth would "likely be a bit weaker" than anticipated.
Problems in the eurozone and worries about the US economy continued to weigh on investors' confidence, she said.
She also warned of a slowdown in some of the emerging nations that previously bolstered global economic growth.
In July, the IMF cut its global growth projection for 2013 to 3.9%, but left its 2012 forecast unchanged at 3.5%.
Mrs Lagarde, speaking in Washington, said on Monday: "We continue to project a gradual recovery, but global growth will likely be a bit weaker than we had anticipated even in July, and our forecast has trended downward over the last 12 months."
She welcomed recent measures by eurozone governments and the European Central Bank to get a grip on the bloc's problems.
Earlier this month, the ECB said it would buy an unlimited number of bonds from distressed eurozone countries. "It was clearly a turning point," Mrs Lagarde said.
But she added that region was still "the epicentre" of the crisis.
Mrs Lagarde also said the US must avoid plunging off a fiscal cliff of deep government spending cuts and tax increases that could cause another recession and harm the global economy.
Reporters Without Borders today launched the world's first “Anti-Censorship Shelter” in Paris for use by foreign journalists, bloggers and dissidents who are refugees or just passing through as a place where they can learn how to circumvent Internet censorship, protect their electronic communications and maintain their anonymity online.
“At a time when online filtering and surveillance is becoming more and more widespread, we are making an active commitment to an Internet that is unrestricted and accessible to all by providing the victims of censorship with the means of protecting their online information,” Reporters Without Borders said.
“Never before have there been so many netizens in prison in countries such as China, Vietnam and Iran for expressing their views freely online,” the press freedom organisation added. “Anonymity is becoming more and more important for those who handle sensitive data.”
Reporters Without Borders and the communications security firm XeroBank have formed a partnership in order to make high-speed anonymity services, including encrypted email and web access, available free of charge to those who user the Shelter.
By connecting to XeroBank through a Virtual Private Network (VPN), their traffic is routed across its gigabit backbone network and passes from country to country mixed with tens of thousands of other users, creating a virtually untraceable high-speed anonymity network.
This network will be available not only to users of the Shelter in Paris but also to their contacts anywhere in the world and to all those – above all journalists, bloggers and human rights activists – who have been identified by Reporters Without Borders. They will be able to connect with the XeroBank service by means of access codes and secured, ready-to-use USB flash drives that can be provided on request.
XeroBank is a communications security firm that has cornered the market on one of the rarest commodities in the world: online privacy. It specializes in communication solutions that protect its clients from all eavesdroppers.
The best-known free encryption and censorship circumvention software is also available to users of the Shelter, along with manuals and Wiki entries on these issues. A multimedia space is planned for journalists and Internet users who want to film and send videos.
The Shelter will eventually also have a dedicated website for hosting banned content. Egyptian blogger Tamer Mabrouk's reports on the pollution of Egypt's lakes, which are banned in his country, and articles that are banned in Italy by its new phone-tap law will all have a place in what is intended to be a refuge for those who still being censored.
The Shelter is open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday to Friday. Anyone wanting to use it should make a reservation by sending an email to shelter@rsf.org.
The Shelter could not have been created without the support of the Paris city hall.
Reporters Without Borders points out that around 60 countries are currently subject to some form of online censorship and that Internet filtering is in effect in around 40 of them. About 120 netizens (bloggers, Internet users, and citizen journalists) are currently in prison worldwide.
Read the latest “Enemies of the Internet” report and its introduction “Web 2.0 v. Control 2.” - link
More about Xerobank:
Contact Reporters Without Borders: New Media desk - internet@rsf.org
Contact XeroBank and its virtual network: media@xerobank.com
EMBED >More News Videos Tim Fleischer has the latest details.
Police are searching for a suspect after a man was slashed in a Midtown subway station Thursday morning.The incident happened at about 10:45 a.m. on a northbound D train south of the Bryant Park station (42nd Street and Sixth Avenue).There was an argument between two men that escalated into a slashing, investigators say.The victim, 38, had been riding northbound from what police think was the West 4th Street station when he encountered another man."One male produced a box cutter after they got into words and the victim received slash wounds to the face, hands and chest area," said Assistant NYPD Chief James Coogan.At the Bryant Park station the suspect fled the train followed by the victim heading up the stairs. But police say the victim lost sight of the suspect as he escaped into the park."We do have witnesses that were aboard the train who we have, but we don't have any reason for the dispute, why they were arguing," said Coogan.The injured man was taken to Bellevue Hospital with what police say were non life-threatening injuries.Police said they're looking for a man wearing a gray shirt who went above ground and fled after the stabbing.An evidence collection team began securing video from cameras in and outside the station in hopes of getting a good picture of the suspect. The box cutter was also retrieved.Irene Malinowski saw the injured victim when he came out of the subway."We really didn't know if more people were involved, but he looked like he was OK, just dripping from a lot of blood," she said.
Greetings to all Parade Enthusiasts
Parade day 2019 will be Nov 30th.
Online applications will be accepted from Sept 1-Oct 31/2019
Once again the Ottawa Professional Firefighters Association will be hosting SANTA'S PARADE OF LIGHTS on Saturday November 30th 2019 @ 6PM on St-Joseph Blvd. in Orleans.
Please come out and join us on Parade Day and if you wish, consider being a part of the FUN. Our Web site will list confirmed entries and allow groups (Associations) and Business' an opportunity to lend a hand with confirmed entries. Entries are limited and please remember this, the more help an entry has (Either in Labour, Creativity, and Funding) the more impressive we can make this event.
Remember, Please review all Parade rules, and let's make this years Parade Shine brighter than ever! Sincerely, Bob Rainboth Chairman, SANTA'S PARADE OF LIGHTS
2018 Trophy Winners
Announced!
WATCH: Brian Brown Admits 'Of Course We Would Go to Russia'
Want to know how to make Brian Brown squirm? Ask him about what he's been up to in Putin's Russia.
When asked if he recently traveled to Russia to attend a conference that produced a resolution endorsing the spread of draconian antigay laws like Russia's ban on so-called gay propaganda, the president of the National Organization for Marriage had a surprising answer:
"We have gone all around the world, and of course we would go to Russia," said Brian Brown during a tense, hour-long discussion on C-SPAN's Washington Journal this weekend. "Just like groups like Freedom to Marry and HRC are members of- go to Geneva, go to Russia, go all around the world, to advocate their position."
The heated exchange took place amid the C-SPAN show's call-in segment, which hosted Brown opposite Freedom to Marry founder and president Evan Wolfson to discuss the recent advances in marriage equality after last week's Supreme Court action.
After both panelists pointed out that just 19 nations worldwide offer same-sex couples the freedom to marry, Wolfson noted that global society still has "a long way to go" in accepting, affirming, and protecting same-sex couples and LGBT people.
Prompting the show's most terse exchange, Wolfson explained:
Part of the reason we have a long way to go is organizations like Mr. Brown's are going over to places like Russia to work with Putin and his team to pass viciously antigay- [Brown laughs]. You can laugh, but you did it, Mr. Brown. You went to Russia to foment hate. Brown: You made an absolutely false claim that I somehow worked with president Putin or anyone like that. Wolfson: Were you in Russia for that conference? Brown: We have gone all around the world and of course we would go to Russia, just like groups like Freedom to Marry and HRC are members of- go to Geneva, go to Russia, go all around the world, to advocate their position. Wolfson: Did you endorse a resolution- Brown: Of course supporters of marriage as the union of a man and a woman are going to work with our allies worldwide to stand up for this truth. Just in the same way that supporters of redefining marriage have been working worldwide to try to undermine the truth of marriage. So of course, I was proud, I was in France, and marched in one of the marches of La Manif Pour Tous, I've been all over the world standing up for the truth about marriage. Wolfson: Yeah, well, Mr. Brown was in Russia — people can go and look it up, for something called the World Conference [Congress] of Families, that endorsed a resolution calling on other countries to adopt the same kind of vicious, brutal, sweeping antigay law that Putin's Russia just enacted, that has launched a wave of thuggery, and beatings in the street, and discrimination against gay people, in that country that is now seeking to export that kind of attack. That's not about marriage. That's about beating up and in some cases killing to death and licensing thuggery. Mr. Brown was part of that conference. That is part of the work that he is doing. Brown: Absolutely wrong, his facts are absolutely wrong. We have condemned violence. Wolfson: People can look it up. Brown: We have condemned violence all of the time. All people can look up are Evan Wolfson and the Human Rights Campaign's absolute lies and slurs.
Wolfson was referring to Brown's participation in the World Congress of Families, which held its annual gathering in Moscow in September and was attended by members of the Kremlin's ruling party, including one of the key sponsors of Russia's "homosexual propaganda" ban.
Although Brown was unwilling to confirm that he was at that conference, numerous reports — including photos — indicate that he was not only present, but was a presenting panelist at the antigay conference. Brown and his organization have not publicly endorsed legislative efforts to criminalize homosexuality.
Watch the Russia segment of this weekend's conversation below, followed by the full hour-long C-SPAN program — which featured an abundance of conservative callers dialing into the show with questions why gay people want to adopt children, what children are being taught in schools, and lamenting how no heterosexual person would ever want their child to grow up gay. Throughout the program, Wolfson, himself a gay man, remained impressively even-keeled.
First, watch Brown get defensive in the Russia exchange, clipped via Right Wing Watch:
Then watch the entire program below:
A corrupt police officer who was ordered to resign or be fired back in June 2015 has abandoned his appeal bid and resigned from the force.
Sgt. Rohan Beebakhee's resignation from the Ottawa Police Service was effective Feb. 16. The resignation signals the end of a policing career that was marred by multiple oversight investigations and allegations against the officer that first began to publicly surface in a 2008 SIU investigation.
His resignation also puts an end to a with-pay suspension that saw him collect a paycheque without working since 2012.
While suspended, the 21-year veteran officer collected more than $300,000 in pay, according the so-called Sunshine List of public sector workers paid more than $100,000 a year or more.
Beebakhee got in trouble because he socialized with escorts at Pink Kitty Escorts and made unauthorized use the Canadian Police Information Centre database and Ottawa Police records. He looked up information about "bad dates" escorts had and relayed it to them. He continued fraternizing with them even after getting a direct order to stop.
In June last year, a disciplinary hearing ruled dismissal would be his penalty for convictions on Police Services Act charges of insubordination, corrupt practices and deceit.
In his decision, hearing officer Terence Kelly, a retired York Region police deputy chief, said Beebakhee's 37 queries in the Canadian Police Information Centre database (CPIC) and 400 searches in the Ottawa police records management system violated the privacy rights of 83 people.
“These flagrant breaches and lack of respect and trust bestowed upon Sgt. Beebakhee jeopardize his usefulness as a police officer,” Kelly said.
The repeated queries in police databases showed that Beebakhee didn't have a momentary lapse in judgment, but deliberately planned the unauthorized searches, Kelly said. This elevated the seriousness of the conduct to the high end of the spectrum, he added.
Kelly said in his decision said that the officer's actions have not only damaged the reputation of the police force but also his own. Beebakhee's credibility on the stand during criminal trials will be at issue each time he testifies, since it's the duty of a Crown prosecutor to disclose an officer's disciplinary history, Kelly said.
But Beebakhee's lawyer argued that dismissal was too severe and didn't factor in years of good work he did and said demotion would have been a more appropriate penalty.
The Ottawa Police Association subsequently filed an appeal of the ruling, a move putting his dismissal on hold and kept him on the public payroll until he resigned in February.
— With Postmedia files
First Harry Potter gets his gay cherry popped on-screen and now Neville Longbottom is oiled up, shirtless and dirty dancing with other guys. Matthew Lewis, the actor who played pudgy Longbottom (love that name) in the Potter movies has grown up and out, and is now starring as very sexy Corporal Gordon House on the BBC dramedy Bluestone 42.
A kind of modern-day MASH, the show follows the lives of a bomb-disposal unit stationed in Afghanistan. We don't know if Lewis' character is supposed to be gay—he's described as a “smart and affable butcher's son from Leeds with a penchant for danger”—but he clearly has no problem grindin' on that wood, as gifs from the current episode reveal.
“He's a Yorkshireman with a bit of a class chip on his shoulder but he's a great bloke and a very good soldier,” Lewis says of his character.”He's a lad and loves getting stuck in with the banter – especially giving Medhurst stick for being a posh public schoolboy.”
Solar energy could account for 25 per cent of India's total electricity generation by 2022, making up nearly 60 per cent of newly installed capacity, if current government grid and solar growth targets remained on track, a new report has predicted.
The report, published by Deutsche Bank on Friday, says that with current generation capacity in India at ~280GW, solar penetration would reach 25%, assuming installed generating capacity reached 400GW by 2022.
India – long considered one of the highest potential solar markets – last year targeted ~100GW of solar by 2022, as part of the Modi government's “saffron revolution”.
“Given current installed capacity of ~3GW, the (100GW) target implies an annual run rate of ~12GW for the next 8 years, although actual installs will likely ramp differently,” says the report.
And while Deutsche concedes that this looks “quite ambitious” on paper, it thinks it is achievable, provided complicating issues – including lowering the cost of financing, attracting investment, and making land available – were addressed using “timely and appropriate” policy mechanisms.
Interestingly, the energy minister told EY this week that the country aimed to meet that target even earlier, and wanted to become the world's no 1 market for renewable energy by 2019. It is currently ranked 5th.
As for the cost of solar, the report notes that at ~12c/kWh, it is already at or below parity with traditional power generated using imported coal in some regions in India, and is expected to achieve parity with power from domestic coal (~$0.10/kWh) by 2020.
In just the past four years, the difference between solar and coal generation has fallen from 7:1 to nearly 1:1, with parity to be achieved against imported coal this year thanks to new financing innovation.
This downward price trajectory, Deutsche says, could be accelerated by the arrival in the investment market of yield-cos, which could “soon make solar energy even cheaper than coal and other forms of electricity generation.” This graph shows how the difference will swing in favour of solar over imported coal, creating yet more problems for coal exporters such as those in the proposed Galilee Basin in Queensland.
Meanwhile, the cost of coal – both imported and domestic – is expected to rise, according to India's Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), which has tipped annual increases of 6.7 per cent and 13 per cent respectively.
On top of this, India announced in its budget that it will raise the duty on imported coal to 200 rupees ($3.2) a tonne, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said.The money will be used to promote clean energy, he said, indicating India's commitment to fight global warming. “With regard to coal, there's a need to find a balance between taxing pollution and the price of power,” Jaitley said. “I intend to start on that journey too,” Bloomberg reported.
Responding to reviewer reports is a key part of publishing academic work in peer reviewed journals. But if you've received mixed reviews of a paper or are publishing for the first time, where do you start?
This piece was republished from Sophie Lewis' blog.
My first attempt at publishing a paper was a breeze. A collaborator was asked to contribute to a special issue and offered me the opportunity to lead the paper. I was a PhD student at the time, and spent two months visiting her lab overseas and writing. By the end of my visit, I'd carved out a draft that I left behind for comments. After a bunch of emails and several rounds of revisions over the next month, we were ready to submit.
A few weeks later we had a small set of reviewer comments returned to us by the editor, which constituted a morning's work. Within a couple of months of submission, our paper was published. It was a dream! I loved interacting with my co-authors, the editor and very much appreciated the few comments the reviewers provided. I couldn't understand all the fuss about publishing and peer review. It was just so easy!
And then came reality. My next paper was a nightmare. It was also built upon email, but rather than spanning the friendly separation of my collaborators in the USA, email was bridging the gulf of a fractured relationship with my ex PhD supervisor. There were tense negotiations about our target journal, our main results and co-authorship. Weeks stretched to months and then years. The reviewers had vastly different ideas about our data and our interpretation. I bumbled through, wondering where my knack for publishing had gone.
In both cases, I was left with very little idea of how to respond to reviewer comments. In the first case I had very few comments to address and in the second I had no one to teach me. Indeed, it was only many years later when a kindly editor provided me with feedback about the tone and style of my responses that I got an idea of what to do, and what not to do. Although my response to reviewers' comments was passable, he generously took the time to email me and make general suggestions about how to communicate better with the editor and with potential subsequent reviewers.
So what's the trick? Well there isn't one trick, but there are certainly some easy ways to avoid landmines:
1. Don't be hasty.
Read the comments and then put them aside for a week to percolate (or more accurately diffuse) so that you don't strike back rashly.
2. Don't be confused about what your paper says.
It can be easy, especially at first, to think you are obliged to implement every suggestion the reviewers make. This will only lead to a Frankenstein paper – a cobbled together mess of spare parts that is barely readable and says nothing. Unfortunately, I speak from experience here of creating a truly frightful and unreadable manuscript. At the end of the day your paper has your name on it and you have to agree with your message. Think about why a reviewer makes a suggestion and what their motivation might be and then evaluate for yourself if it contributes to your paper or not. If you don't agree or don't think it adds value to your paper, write back with a measured rebuttal and reference any relevant literature.
3. Don't get bogged down.
It can be overwhelming when you receive a set of negative or mixed reviews that amount to a ream of A4 paper. Where to start? It's a good idea to view the reviews holistically, rather than looking at Reviewer 1, then 2 and finally 3 sequentially. Are there any common themes? Can you break the major comments into common themes and address these before fiddling around with the little stuff? When reviews are messy it can be easier to start with planning out major improvements and directions to your paper based on a few of the reviewer's concerns, heading off in this direction and then mapping these improvements back onto the reviewer comments. That is, rather than seeing it as a linear process of Reviewer Comments – Revisions – Response, the process can be a little more circular, Reviewer Comments – Brilliant Ideas – Revisions – Reviewer Comments – Response.
4. Don't say you've done something if you haven't.
It seems ridiculous that I have to explicitly mention this, but so often authors sneakily say that they have implemented a suggestion but have simply ignored it. Don't be that author. Please. Just don't.
5. Don't return a mess.
When you submit a revised version of your paper return clear information, including a marked up document (e.g. with track changes on), a fully revised document and thorough response to reviewer comments. In your response file, make sure that the reviewer comments are easily distinguishable from your responses (use indentations, font or italics), or alternatively put it all in a table with reviewer comments in the left hand side column and your response in the right. Make sure you include line numbers for important additions and revisions, and pull out relevant sentences to show clearly what you have done. This will make it easy for the editor to see that you have given the comments due consideration, without having to flick back and forth between 50 documents.
6. Don't ignore your tone.
Sometimes being succinct comes off sounding lazy and sometimes being deferential sounds obsequious. Try to be respectful and clear without being annoying. Unfortunately, again I speak from early, cringe-worthy experiences of being annoying.
7. Don't forget your cover letter.
A cover letter is a really important way for you to communicate with the editor and it represents a clear way for you to ‘sell' your improved manuscript. Outline two or three really important changes that you have made and re-iterate why your paper will be of interest to the journal's readership.
8. Never be afraid to walk away.
Peer review is a strange, petulant and unpredictable beast, a veritable hippopotamus of the academic landscape. Sometimes a beige paper lands stellar reviews and an iridescent masterpiece comes back drawn and quartered. Sometimes reviewers or editors are nasty. There is always another journal that will provide a robust and well written paper with a welcome home, so don't feel like one set of disappointing reviews is the end of the road. Be bold, walk away and find that place that lets your paper shine rainbows.
Sophie is an Australian Research Council DECRA Fellow at the Fenner School of Environment and Society at the Australian National University. Her research explores the causes of extreme weather and climate events.
Suggested posts
Failing to fail gracefully
Befriending rejection
Writing for international journals: tips and techniques
Publishing: A helping hand
Sam and Fuzzy Q & A: Robot Clone Edition
Got a question you want answered? Just drop me an email with "Q & A" in the subject line!
"I'm now curious what your feelings on Twilight are, since you're doing
a spoof on it now. Spill it (information, not blood)!" -Raynald
I have never read more that two consecutive words of Twilight. And I'm not gonna.
Consider Edwin a parody more of decades of wanky vampire goth romance than of its most recent iteration specifically. That's probably why Edwin looks more like a normal vampire with actual fangs, unlike the vampires in Twilight who don't have AUGH WHY DO I EVEN KNOW THIS?
"So a correction for the latest round of Q&A. Kraze tried to point out an
inaccuracy with the swords that the Ninja Mafia use, stating that real
ninjas used katana. This is only partly true. Ninjas arose from peasants
and farmers with samurai being the preferred upper-crust warrior class.
This means that a ninja could not afford to have a katana made for him and
instead equipped himself with shorter, straight swords. These swords were
cheaper, easier to conceal, and were used in more of a stabbing motion
rather than the hacking swing of a katana. However, there were a few
instances where a ninja could acquire a katana. If he killed a samurai he
could claim his sword, and I wouldn't be surprised if a ninja performing
services for a samurai was equipped with one, as katanas were sharper and stronger. So, the blades used by your ninja mafia are actually fairly
accurate. Not that you needed an excuse, but now you have one!" -Steven
I'll take it! And thanks to the tons of other folks who also wrote in to defend my completely unintentional accuracy. Apparently there are a lot of sword experts in the audience.
"I don't usually read the news posts, so when I actually did today, I was
wondering, who's Shannon?" -Alex
Shannon is my girlfriend, Alex! And you'd know that, if you started reading those newsposts more regularly. You'd also be practically rolling in fascinating links, hilarious one-liners and hot stock tips. Let this be a lesson to you.
"What's the deal with "Robots - Clones - Robot Clones"? Several characters have used that phrase in some way; you've even put it on a T-shirt. Is this going to lead us to some epic story arc, or do you just like messing with robots?" -
It's all just a throwback to Memory Lapse - one of my favourite Sam and Fuzzy storylines. Give it a read-through whenever you've got a moment, and you will find the answer to your question. And also a fantastic soup recipe. (It's all in the subtext.)
That's it for this week, team. See you on Monday!
-Sam Logan
The Chelsea manager, Roberto Di Matteo, has warned Fernando Torres that he is not guaranteed a place in the starting line-up despite the departure of Didier Drogba.
The 28-year-old, signed from Liverpool in a £50m deal in January 2011, had launched an outburst at the Blues in the wake of their Champions League final victory over Bayern Munich, attacking his treatment by the club and threatening to quit. However, Torres later backtracked, claiming he is now ready to fulfil his dreams with Chelsea after admitting he "lost hope" in his early days at Stamford Bridge.
Di Matteo maintained there were no lingering issues with the Spain forward, who scored three goals during Spain's successful Euro 2012 campaign and was the winner of the Golden Boot, but insisted that despite the departure of Drogba, Torres should not automatically expect to now be first choice.
"There are no concerns about Fernando at all," said Di Matteo, who was appointed to the Chelsea job on a permanent basis having taken over from André Villas-Boas and won the FA Cup before triumphing on penalties in Munich.
"I did have a chat with him the morning after the final, and have been in touch since as well. It [the disappointment] was a feeling he had at the time, but I will continue to speak to the players. I am expecting him here in a good mood, to be buzzing and be very good next season. Certainly winning the Golden Boot and the Euros, along with the trophies they won with us should give them a lot of confidence. I expect him next season to be a fantastic player with us.
"We have three strikers at the moment in the squad, and I would not be saying who is going to be playing. They will all have to fight for their position and there is healthy competition. Whomever is in the best form and can give the best for the team will be playing."
Di Matteo also feels Frank Lampard can have another big part to play next season, as the 34-year-old England midfielder – who is coming to the end of his current Chelsea contract – looks to bounce back from the thigh injury which ruled him out of Euro 2012. "Frank is a very fit man and can play for many years to come," said Di Matteo. "He was very influential towards the end of last season maybe playing a little deeper role. He made some key passes and he performed very well. "I was very happy. It depends on how he feels physically and mentally and I don't see any problems with him going on."
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Watermead Park could get a visitor centre as part of a multi-million pound plan to regenerate the area around the beauty spot.
The idea to increase the number of visitors to the park near Thurmaston from 430,000 people a year to 516,000.
No exact location has been chosen for the attraction but the concept has been included in Charnwood Borough Council's Watermead Regeneration Corridor project which will look to revitalise Thurmaston and the surrounding area including Watermead Park over the next 15 years.
An action plan has been developed which sets out nearly 30 short, medium and long-term goals.
Other objectives include improving walking links between the park, Leicester and Thurmaston and to improve the experience of visitors to the area and more use of the River Soar and Grand Union Canal by adding moorings.
The plan, unveiled today, also looks to develop the public areas in Thurmaston, particularly along Melton Road, to make them more attractive for pedestrians while encouraging the redevelopment of buildings for community, cultural and food and drink uses.
It also aims to encourage high-quality residential, business and leisure development near to Leicester Marina.
The council's lead member for planning and inward investment Eric Vardy said: “This is the start of something exciting for Thurmaston and the surrounding area.
“We have outlined a plan to regenerate this area and make it a better place to live, work and visit and we want to make it a destination for people.
“We are not getting carried away and fully accept that this is a long-term strategy and it is going to take time.
“The success of this plan will also depend upon solid, partnership-working for the good of the local community.
“There are many challenges ahead including securing funding to make some of the proposals happen, but we are confident that with the community's help we can make it happen.”
The council says the project will require significant funding though it has not said exactly how much.
It expects the investment to come from a range of sources including partners, grants and contributions from new developments in the area secured in section 106 legal agreements.
Some developments will also have to be carried out by other organisations including Leicestershire County Council and Leicester City Council as they both own different parts of Watermead Country Park.
A Watermead Members' Advisory Group has been formed which includes borough councillors and representatives from Birstall and Thurmaston Parish Council, Wanlip Parish Meeting and Syston Town Council.
This group will provide a sounding board for the work being done by officers.
Getty Images
After he completed his pro day workout at Florida State, defensive back Jalen Ramsey said that he believes he is the best player in the draft and that he wants to go first overall to the Titans later this month.
Ramsey will get the chance to make that pitch to the Titans in person. While other local prospects will be visiting with the Titans on Friday, General Manager Jon Robinson said that the team has scheduled a visit with Ramsey, who grew up in Tennessee, on Monday.
Ramsey would be the first defensive back to go first overall and the team plans to visit with Ole Miss tackle Laremy Tunsil and Ohio State defensive end Joey Bosa as well. The Titans could use help at all three spots, but there's also the possibility of a trade.
“I would say that with each day we inch closer to the draft, the discussions probably become a little bit more serious, if you will,” Robinson said, via the Tennessean. “That's something we're going back and forth with. Do we stay put with where we're at, or do we really entertain the thought of moving? I would say the interest has increased some. I wouldn't say there are 31 teams calling, but there are certainly teams that have interest in moving up.”
Depending on how far they moved back in a trade, the Titans could still have a shot at Ramsey although they probably can't drop too far because plenty of people agree with his self-assessment of his standing in the draft class.
Jillian Paris places an "I Voted" sticker on the headstone of Susan B. Anthony on Election Day, Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016. (Photo: Max Schulte)
The modest grave site of suffrage icon Susan B. Anthony, now a shrine to women's rights, is drawing overflow crowds Tuesday as voters consider choosing the nation's first female president.
Special measures are being put in place to handle the throngs of people expected throughout the day today at Mt. Hope Cemetery in southern Rochester. Hours have been extended, guides and security will be on hand and lights will be placed to help people make their way to the Anthony family grave site after dark.
That grave site, up a slight hill from the cemetery's northern entrance, has been the focus of the quaint Election-Day practice of placing red-and-white "I Voted Today" stickers on Anthony's headstone.
Though attaching a sticker to a grave marker is against Mount Hope rules, no one objected when a few showed up on Anthony's stone each Election Day. But this year, thanks to nationwide publicity about the tradition plus the historic candidacy of Democrat Hillary Clinton, there could be hundreds of stickers in play — or maybe more than that.
The city will allow the tradition to continue, though officials also are erecting large commemorative poster boards on which people can place their stickers and write a message of thanks to Anthony. From time to time, workers will move the stickers from stone to board so the marker isn't overloaded.
The influx of large numbers of people to Mt. Hope Cemetery seeking Anthony's burial plot first occurred in April, when Clinton's victory in the New York state presidential primary excited voters.
"I was there the day of the primary. People were coming and going all day long, into the evening," said Marilyn Nolte, president of Friends of Mount Hope Cemetery, a volunteer group that helps care for and promote the 178-year-old burial ground.
Visitors are being encouraged to enter the 196-acre cemetery through the northern gate, opposite Robinson Drive. There, they'll be greeted by a welcome tent erected by the Friends organization. Members will dispense historical nuggets and directions to the grave site, which should be a big help, Nolte said.
"During the primary, we got our first experience with this. People came in and they don't know where to go, what to do," she said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Members of the organization will be at the tent and at the grave all day long. City employees will be there as well.
Mt. Hope normally closes at 5 p.m. but will remain open until 9 p.m. Tuesday. Only the north gate will be open after hours.
Buy Photo People have been leaving letters, notes, flowers and other items at Susan B. Anthony's grave in Mt. Hope Cemetery in Rochester, NY, on November 7, 2016. (Photo: TINA MACINTYRE-YEE/ @tyee23/staff photographer)
When visitors reach the Anthony family plot, they'll find a small collection of headstones surrounding a small monument. A dozen family members are buried there, including Susan's parents and three sisters.
The appearance belies Anthony's historical importance. "They were Quakers. They didn't believe in anything ostentatious. Their gravestones are very simple," Nolte said. "People wonder why we don't have gardens around it, but Susan B. Anthony didn't want that. She wanted it to be very plain and simple. There is one small yellow rose bush in front of her gravestone. I think she would forgive us for that."
Buy Photo Susan B. Anthony was born in 1820, organized the National Women's Suffrage Association in 1869, and was a lecturer and active campaigner for women suffrage. (Photo: File photo)
Anthony, who was born in Massachusetts and moved to the Rochester area in 1849, was a crusader first for temperance and then for women's rights. She co-founded the National Woman Suffrage Association, which worked to give women the vote. Anthony famously was arrested in Rochester in November 1872 and convicted of illegal voting, though she refused to pay the $100 fine.
She died in March 1906, 14 years before the 19th Amendment to the Constitution gave women the right to vote.
The most direct route to Anthony's grave site is up a cobblestone road that can be difficult for less nimble pedestrians, and Nolte said people can choose to drive up that road during the daytime. Cars will be barred from interior roadways after 5 p.m., city officials said, though workers will be on hand to offer assistance negotiating the hill.
The city has installed fences to control crowds and will bring in lights for use Tuesday night. Visitors should bring their own flashlights as well.
Everyone's welcome, Mayor Lovely Warren said in a statement.
"We are proud of the unique legacy in the fight for equality that Ms. Anthony, along with Frederick Douglass and others, has given our city and I can imagine she would have wanted to be a part of the significant history this year's election holds for women. It's only proper that we invite Ms. Anthony to be a part of this important moment."
SORR@Gannett.com
Map of Mount Hope Cemetery and Susan B. Anthony's grave site
Live from Susan B. Anthony's grave site
The Democrat and Chronicle will be at Anthony's grave to document the day Tuesday. We will be streaming live video at 8:30 a.m., noon and 4 p.m. on our Facebook page: facebook.com/DemocratandChronicle.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2fxjlGK
Docker and containerization is all the rage these days. Adoption in the .NET community has been slow so far, but that's changing. With the introduction of cross-platform .NET Core, it became much easier to run .NET code on Linux machines. And, since Docker is a primarily Linux-based technology, it's now very straightforward to deploy ASP.NET Core applications using Docker. How? Let's take a look.
At a high level, containerization solves problems related to deploying and running your application on a server somewhere “out there.” I have fond memories of deploying code for the first time as a junior developer by manually copy-pasting binaries into production. Fortunately, no one is doing that any more (right?). Today, automated build tools can handle the steps required to push code to a production machine. Containerization can take you one step further… by abstracting away the machine itself.
How does Docker work?
Docker is similar to a virtual machine, but without the overhead. A service called Docker Engine runs on your server, ready to host one (or many) containers. Containers that run on top of Docker Engine are completely isolated. As far as the applications inside each container are concerned, they're running on separate machines. In reality, they're just isolated processes on the same machine.
Containers run Docker images, which are packages that represent everything needed to spin up your application or service inside the container: dependencies, shared libraries, application binaries, and so on. During development, you define the “recipe” that is built into the final image. This recipe is called a Dockerfile.
Why use Docker instead of a virtual machine?
If you've ever set up a web or application server, think of everything necessary to go from a “bare metal” virtual machine to a running production server: besides installing the OS, you have to get the latest patches, install framework runtimes and dependencies, grab third-party libraries, configure networking and routes to your other services, install your application code, and then configure it all. And, if you have multiple servers in your environment, or you're frequently spinning up new servers, you have to do this a lot.
Containerization allows you to do all of the setup work once, and build the result into an image you can immediately run on any machine using Docker Engine. It moves the focus away from setting up servers, and lets you instead focus on building images that include everything needed to run anywhere.
Containerization doesn't replace virtual machines – in fact, the two technologies go hand-in-hand. A common approach is to have a handful of virtual machines in a cluster, each running Docker Engine and hosting many containers.
Ultimately, there are use cases for both technologies. You probably don't need to boot up an entire guest OS and tens or hundreds of background services just to run a single application – running inside a thin container makes more sense. Conversely, sometimes you do want to have an entire OS dedicated to a particular task, especially if it's something CPU-intensive. Virtual machines are well-suited for the latter, and containerization makes the former easier to manage.
If you've never set up Docker or deployed an ASP.NET Core project as a Docker image, this is the tutorial for you! I'll walk through the steps required to:
Set up Docker on your machine
Create a sample ASP.NET Core project
Build a Docker image from your project
Run and test the image in a live container
This tutorial doesn't require any existing knowledge of Docker and should take about 20 or 30 minutes to complete. Ready? Let's go!
Setting up Docker
It's easy to get started with Docker. First, you have to install the Docker Engine on your machine (or your server). Follow the official instructions for Windows 10, Mac, or Linux.
For my own testing, I installed Docker for Windows on my Windows 10 development environment, and also on my Mac. To make sure the service is installed correctly, run this from the terminal:
> docker --version Docker version 1.12.0-rc4, build e4a0dbc, experimental 1 2 3 > docker -- version Docker version 1.12.0 - rc4 , build e4a0dbc , experimental
If you see a version number, everything is working!
Creating an ASP.NET Core project
If you don't already have the latest .NET Core tooling installed, grab that at the official .NET Core site. Once it's installed on your machine, you can create a new directory and scaffold a new ASP.NET Core project easily:
mkdir AspNetCoreHelloWorld cd AspNetCoreHelloWorld dotnet new -t web 1 2 3 4 mkdir AspNetCoreHelloWorld cd AspNetCoreHelloWorld dotnet new - t web
To make sure everything is working, try running the project locally first:
dotnet restore dotnet run 1 2 3 dotnet restore dotnet run
The project should start listening on http://localhost:5000. Try it out in your browser!
Building a Dockerfile for ASP.NET Core
Docker needs a Dockerfile that contains the “recipe” for creating an image based on the project. Create a new file called Dockerfile in the project directory:
touch Dockerfile 1 2 touch Dockerfile
On Windows, you can run notepad Dockerfile instead, or use your favorite text editor. Make sure that this file isn't saved with an extension like .txt – it's supposed to have no extension.
The Dockerfile contents are straightforward:
FROM microsoft/dotnet:latest COPY . /app WORKDIR /app RUN ["dotnet", "restore"] RUN ["dotnet", "build"] EXPOSE 5000/tcp ENV ASPNETCORE_URLS http://*:5000 ENTRYPOINT ["dotnet", "run"] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 FROM microsoft / dotnet : latest COPY . / app WORKDIR / app RUN [ "dotnet" , "restore" ] RUN [ "dotnet" , "build" ] EXPOSE 5000 / tcp ENV ASPNETCORE_URLS http : //*:5000 ENTRYPOINT [ "dotnet" , "run" ]
Here's what each of these instructions does:
FROM tells Docker that you want to base your image on the existing image called microsoft/dotnet:latest . This image already contains all the dependencies for running .NET Core on Linux, so you don't have to worry about setting those up.
COPY and WORKDIR copy the current directory's contents into a new directory inside the container called /app , and set that to the the working directory for the subsequent instructions.
RUN executes dotnet restore and dotnet build , which restores the packages needed to run the ASP.NET Core application and compiles the project.
EXPOSE tells Docker to expose port 5000 (the default port for ASP.NET) on the container.
ENV sets the environment variable ASPNETCORE_URLS in the container. This will ensure that ASP.NET Core binds to the correct port and address.
ENTRYPOINT specifies the command to execute when the container starts up. In this case, it's dotnet run .
Creating the Docker image
Once you've created the Dockerfile, you're ready to build an image:
docker build -t mydemos:aspnetcorehelloworld . 1 2 docker build - t mydemos : aspnetcorehelloworld .
See that trailing period? That tells docker to look in the current directory for a Dockerfile. The -t flag tags the image with tag mydemos:aspnetcorehelloworld .
When the image finishes building, you can spin it up:
docker run -d -p 8080:5000 -t mydemos:aspnetcorehelloworld 1 2 docker runs - d - p 8080 : 5000 - t mydemos : aspnetcorehelloworld
The -d flag tells Docker to run the container in detached mode (in the background). The -p flag will map port 8080 on the host machine to port 5000 inside the container. Finally, the -t flag is used to specify which image to run.
That's it! You should see your container running when you check docker ps . Open up a web browser and navigate to http://localhost:8080. You should see the welcome page:
Learn more
This tutorial only scratches the surface of Docker and using containers to deploy ASP.NET Core applications. There's plenty more to explore! Here are some links to get you started:
If you're building applications in ASP.NET Core that need user authentication, check out my tutorial Build an ASP.NET Core application with user authentication. It only takes a few minutes to set up!
If you have questions about ASP.NET Core + Docker, leave me a comment below, or ping me on Twitter at @nbarbettini. I'm happy to help!
TOKYO - Japan's military, citing worries about North Korean belligerence and an increasingly aggressive China, wants to cooperate in unprecedented ways with the United States and is even considering a departure from its long-standing policy against putting its troops into the line of fire in areas outside Japan, Japanese defense officials said Thursday.
In an interview, Defense Minister Toshimi Kitazawa said Japan was studying how to provide U.S. forces with logistical support in case of a conflict on the Korean Peninsula. It is also trying to determine how it could launch missions to evacuate civilians from the peninsula in support of a U.S. operation, he said.
In subsequent briefings Thursday, Japanese defense officials acknowledged that such undertakings could put Japan's troops in harm's way. If attacked, they said, the troops would fight back, although the Japanese constitution limits the military to defending the country and the prospect of combat would require more and deeper training with the United States and perhaps South Korea.
"The basic principle of Japan is to pursue peace," Kitazawa said. "But we also need to have measures to avoid being left behind."
Kitazawa's statements, made during a visit here by Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates, underscore a significant improvement in relations between the United States and Japan since the last time Gates visited, in October 2009. They also highlight a substantial risk that Japan is taking, moving to bolster its military profile in a region with strong memories of World War II.
During his 2009 visit, Gates was gruff with his hosts, telling them it was "time to move on" with a controversial plan to build a new facility on Okinawa in exchange for the Marine Corps vacating the Futenma air base, which is located in the middle of a city of 80,000. But Thursday, Gates described ties with Tokyo as "very healthy and on a positive track" and pledged to "follow the lead of the Japanese government" in solving the base problem.
Speaking at a joint news conference with Kitazawa on the fourth day of a trip encompassing Beijing, Tokyo and Seoul, Gates pledged U.S. support for South Korea in the event of another North Korean attack and called on all the countries in the region to work together to forestall it.
"I think the key on the Korean Peninsula, as I discussed in China and discussed here in Japan, is to prevent another provocation from happening," he said.
Starting in August 2009, U.S.-Japan relations faced an enormous challenge with the election of the opposition Democratic Party of Japan, after a half-century of almost uninterrupted rule by the Liberal Democratic Party. The DPJ took office with ideas about moving closer to China and becoming a more equal partner with the United States.
First on the DPJ's agenda with Washington was the Futenma air base program - a multibillion-dollar scheme that involved relocating the Marine Corps air station to a more isolated spot on the island of Okinawa while moving thousands of Marines to Guam. Then-Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama had run on a platform of opposing the base deal, which U.S. and Japanese negotiators had been working on since 1996, and he demanded an investigation.
But Hatoyama, after intense U.S. pressure, pledged in May to carry out the deal, although he provided no timetable. Soon after, he quit and was replaced as prime minister by the generally more pro-American Naoto Kan.
At the same time, increasingly aggressive moves by China and North Korea shifted the DPJ's strategic thinking back toward Washington. Within several months, China dispatched a naval convoy through Japanese waters and buzzed two Japanese warships with its helicopters. A Chinese fishing vessel rammed Japanese coast guard cutters off the shores of a disputed island chain. When Japan arrested the Chinese fishing captain, China erupted in a paroxysm of anger that essentially forced Japan to release him.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 22 -- President Bush announced Monday in Washington that he will ask Congress to approve a $500 million package to help Mexico fight drug cartels, the largest international anti-drug effort by the United States in nearly a decade.
The proposal could represent a seismic shift in relations between the two countries, whose law enforcement agencies and policymakers have often bickered over the drug war, as well as other hugely contentious issues such as immigration reform and trade.
U.S. and Mexican negotiators reached the agreement in secrecy. Some in Mexico worried that an aid package would infringe upon its sovereignty, and concerns surfaced in the United States about costs and strategy in light of the oft-criticized effort to combat drugs in Colombia.
The much-anticipated Mexico aid plan, which is included in the president's $46 billion supplemental budget request for war funding, would pay for helicopters, canine units, communications gear and inspection equipment, the State Department said.
The program also would include training and technical advice on vetting new police officers, and case-management software to track investigations in a nation where drug kingpins have infiltrated many state and local governments and infighting among drug traffickers has cost more than 4,000 lives in the past 22 months.
The violence is particularly acute in northern Mexico, where gunfights frequently spill across the U.S. border, a major reason congressional delegations in Texas and other border states have pushed for the aid deal.
Mexico's drug cartels have been engaged in a fierce war for at least two years as they compete for lucrative trade routes and to try to fill power vacuums left after the extradition of several major cartel leaders to face trial in the United States.
Although the bulk of U.S. attention is focused on Mexico, Bush also announced an additional $50 million in proposed aid for Central American nations that have been beset by rampant violence and drug cartel corruption as traffickers seek new routes for the tons of cocaine and other drugs that flow into the United States every day.
The aid packages are part of what the Bush administration hopes will be a multiyear, $1.4 billion initiative.
Bush barely mentioned the package in his budget remarks. But within minutes of his announcement, the White House -- cognizant of possible opposition in Congress -- launched a public relations offensive, distributing a statement about the aid plan that was followed by enthusiastic news releases from the U.S. ambassador to Mexico, Antonio O. Garza Jr., and the State Department.
"This initiative . . . represents a fundamental shift in strengthening our strategic partnership and is the single most aggressive undertaking ever to combat Mexican drug cartels," Garza said.
In a conference call with reporters, Thomas A. Shannon Jr., the State Department's top diplomat for the Western Hemisphere, hailed the president's request as "historic" and predicted it could create "a new paradigm" in U.S.-Mexico relations.
Berlin, Oct 22 (ANI): A new study on landscape around Chesapeake Bay, the largest estuary in the US, has determined that imbalance in nitrogen cycle due to the widespread use of fertilizers is damaging water quality and fish populations.
According to a report in Helmholtz Centre for Environmental Research (UFZ), Professor Grace Brush, from Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, USA, undertook the study of landscape changes around Chesapeake Bay.
Professor Brush studied the organisms and materials preserved in sediments in Chesapeake Bay spanning 1000 to 14,000 years, alongside available historical records covering the past 300 years, to trace the history of changes to nitrogen loading in the estuary.
She highlights how population growth, agricultural expansion, and urbanization have released nitrogen from the land and moved it to Chesapeake Bay, where it has accumulated and degraded both the natural wildlife and water quality.
The combination of the increasing use of fertilizers, deforestation and the draining of wetlands and floodplains to provide more land for crops, has led to an imbalance in the nitrogen cycle, in particular reduced opportunities for the natural removal of nitrogen.
As a result, there is an excess of nitrogen in the estuary, also known as eutrophication.
This in turn has led to the deterioration of the local ecosystem through reduced concentrations of oxygen in the bay, affecting both the water quality and the fish populations.
Providing food for an increasing population is the main reason for these changes, according to Professor Brush.
Although the estuary supplied an abundance of fish species, humans also need plant-based food products in their diets, hence the increase in grasslands and use of fertilizers.
Brush adds that aquatic deterioration is not unique to Chesapeake but a global phenomenon.
Marine dead zones with low oxygen and/or toxic algae, caused primarily by the run-off of fertilizers from the land, as well as a greater reliance on fossil fuel, are on the increase.
Brush concludes her review by looking at the likely implications of this imbalanced nitrogen cycle on future ecosystems as well as ways to improve water quality.
She recommends multiple processes to reduce nitrogen accumulation, both natural and engineered, and notes that ultimately the decision to proceed will come down to politics.
According to Brush, the future of the Chesapeake and coastal regions in general will depend very much on the recognition of the importance of nitrogen removal for goals other than restoring the fishery and how successful the various tools for nitrogen removal are. (ANI)
Billboard reports that Lou Reed is currently recovering after receiving a life-saving liver transplant. Reed's wife Laurie Anderson told The Times of London, "It's as serious as it gets. He was dying."
UPDATE: Lou Reed has delivered the following message via Facebook:
I am a triumph of modern medicine, physics and chemistry. I am bigger and stronger than ever. My Chen Taiji and health regimen has served me well all of these years, thanks to Master Ren Guang-yi. I look forward to being on stage performing, and writing more songs to connect with your hearts and spirits and the universe well into the future.
Though Anderson noted that "he's already working and doing t'ai chi," she also said he isn't fully recovered from the operation, which took place several weeks ago at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio. "I don't think he'll ever totally recover from this, but he'll certainly be back to doing (things) in a few months," Anderson said. "I'm very happy. It's a new life for him."
Earlier this year, Reed canceled a series of West Coast performances, including his two sets at Coachella. Rolling Stone reported at the time that one of the venues simply listed "unavoidable complications" as the reason for the cancellation.
Here he is doing "Vicious" in 1974:
Embedded content is unavailable.
Image caption Tennant recently voiced a sequel to Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
David Tennant, Damian Lewis and June Whitfield are among those nominated in the acting categories for the first BBC Audio Drama Awards.
Tennant, who will also host the awards ceremony in London on 29 January, is recognised for his role in Kafka: The Musical by Murray Gold.
The drama was broadcast on BBC Radio 3, as was Neil Bartlett's Giovanni's Room, for which Lewis is nominated.
Whitfield gets a nod for her role in Andy Merriman's A Monstrous Vitality.
The awards also recognise drama which has been broadcast online.
Among the plays nominated for best online only audio drama are Rock by Tim Fountain, produced by Made in Manchester for the the Independent Online, and Wild Hackney for the Hackney Podcast.
A production of Terence Rattigan's Flare Path broadcast on Radio 3 garnered two nominations - Rory Kinnear in the best actor category and Rupert Penry-Jones for best supporting actor.
Dan Allum's Atching Tan has made the shortlist for the best radio drama script 2010 by a new writer, with Candis Nergaard in the running for best actress in the play.
There are different judging panels for each of the 10 categories.
The judges include national newspaper theatre critics Michael Billington and Susannah Clapp, screenwriter Andrew Davies, actresses Maxine Peake and Imogen Stubbs and the chief executive of the Royal Opera House, Lord Hall.
Want to know about dinosaurs? You're in luck. The University of Alberta is offering a free 12-week course, a MOOC (Massive Online Open Course) starting January 3rd. I am thinking of signing up for it – the course is offered through Coursera, a giant MOOC-clearinghouse. I've taken advantage of Coursera before – I took their Philosophy of Science (University of Edinburgh), A Brief History of Humankind (Hebrew University of Jerusalem), Origins – Formation of the Universe, Solar System, Life and Earth (University of Copenhagen). I haven't studied any MOOCs that were taught via a Canadian school, so I am looking forward to Phil Currie's lectures from the University of Alberta. Dr Currie ran the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology here in southern Alberta and he is a smart and capable presenter.
If you have never taken a MOOC, maybe this is the time to give it a try. The Coursera program is free (although you can purchase “Verified Certificates of Completion” if you want – I haven't done this myself). Give Coursera's MOOC a try. You can always drop out if the material or time commitment (about 3 – 5 hours/week) doesn't work for you. The January 3rd course is called Dino 101: Dinosaur Paleobiology and it will cover topics in dino biology, as well as evolution, plate tectonics, and extinction. Course material claims it will also help you understand how science works. Go to this site to learn more.
As part of their promotion, the University of Alberta put together this fun page: Dinosaur Videos: 12 dinosaur myths that will blow your mind. I don't know how these myths will actually “blow your mind” or even if that is something you want done to your mind. (I know, that silly title is just tedious click-bait.) But the webpage itself is not bad. Each myth is accompanied by a short video. If you aren't jumping over to their site, here are three of the best of the U of A blow-your-mind myths:
Dinosaurs walked the earth, then mammals came. That's a myth. Mammals actually evolved before dinos, but stayed in a repressed rat-like stage until the dinosaurs cleared out. Synapsids, of which mammals are the major modern representatives, arose 324 million years ago. They became rather large and dominant creatures until the Permian extinction, after which most were wiped out – except for the mammal branch. Those animals kept our bloodline alive, but were forced into cowering submission by the rising influence of the dinosaurs. Then, of course, most dinosaurs went extinct while others became birds, clearing the way for the rise of synapsids (as mammals) once again. Some dinosaurs lived in water. That's a myth, too. Even the super-big 100,000-pound fellows like Brachiosaurus and Apatosaurus were landed gentry. Somehow they had enough muscle to hold their bodies upright. (There is a theory that the Earth was smaller and gravity was weaker and that's how the dinosaurs got so big. The Earth might be expanding, but I don't think it was that much smaller during dino days.) Dinosaurs were slimey, featherless creatures. Another myth. According to the University of Alberta dino myth page, “Since the 1990s, paleontologists have discovered species after species of extinct dinosaurs that were covered in feathers. These were flightless theropods that may have used their feathery body coverings for insulation, protection from the elements and as displays for potential mates.
If this sounds like fun stuff to know, you will probably like Dino 101: Dinosaur Paleobiology. I suspect the actual course work will be more rigorous and challenging than this fun little introduction (and it might not blow your mind), but chances are it will teach you everything you ever wanted to know about dinos.
Advertisements
+ 39
Text description provided by the architects. Located within a conservation district, this home celebrates the traditional charm of Peranakan shophouses with the addition of new spaces that are sensitive to the building's rich heritage.
Akin to traditional shophouses, the spaces are interspersed with courtyards that serve as visual focal points. The original courtyard – with its preserved ornate fish mould centerpiece and accompanying water feature – forms the heart of the common areas while a newer courtyard marks the transition from the old structure into its new extension.
A young tree in the centre of this new courtyard adds a touch of nature to the urban ensemble. To the rear of the house are the kitchen and a retro spiral staircase that leads to the second floor master bedroom and rooftop terrace.
Many original elements were retained as well as restored, such as the timber flooring, doorframes, window shutters and iron gates. Clay bricks were also recycled and incorporated into a partition wall as salvaged glazed tiles were put to use in the bathrooms. Even the blue paint for the walls was restored to a more authentic tone by using mineral silicate, while a pigmented grouting mixture helped to recreate the five-foot way's red cement flooring.
Interestingly, the forecourt's boundary wall displays a similar progression from old to new, with its paint-stripped bricks revealing layers of the shophouse's history. The bathroom floors were also given a terrazzo finish as a nod to the age-old craft that is fast dying out.
With its blending of old and new elements, this house not only preserves a unique cultural heritage, but also acts as a storytelling device that narrates the histories of its past and present occupants.
[Update] 10/28/17 – Thanks to @DanstonEvans corrected the browser string for firefox on SauceLabs.
The Big Picture
The goal of automated testing is to find problems before your users do. Good tests do this by preventing bad code from being merged. A great continuous integration (CI) setup can catch problems in beta browsers and libraries in time to report them to their authors or fix your code before a release happens. By the end of these three part series you will have a great CI setup. Tests will automatically run against any browser you support and any future version of your dependencies.
Requirements for this guide are Ember.js > 1.10 and Ember CLI > 0.2.3. It may be entirely possible to do this without Ember CLI, but I wouldn't know how.
In Part One, we will cover using Sauce Labs and Travis CI to create your test matrix.
Getting Set Up
If you've never used Ember CLI before, you should follow their instructions to install all dependencies.
Now let's create a new sandbox to play in:
$ ember new testing-sandbox $ cd testing-sandbox $ ember test --server
Congrats! You now have a brand-new Ember.js app and running tests in both PhantomJS and Chrome. Go ahead and leave that console window open and create a new one. Tests will keep running in the original window and track all the changes we make.
$ cd testing-sandbox $ ember g acceptance-test welcome-page
Your test console should now record a failure indicating:
✘ UnrecognizedURLError: /welcome-page
Open testing-sandbox/tests/acceptance/welcome-page-test.js in your favorite editor and make it look like this:
import Ember from 'ember'; import { module, test } from 'qunit'; import startApp from 'testing-sandbox/tests/helpers/start-app'; var application; module('Acceptance: WelcomePage', { beforeEach: function() { application = startApp(); }, afterEach: function() { Ember.run(application, 'destroy'); } }); test('we should be welcoming', function(assert) { visit('/'); andThen(function() { assert.equal(currentURL(), '/'); var title = find('#title'); assert.equal(title.text(), 'Welcome to Ember.js'); }); });
Save that and all of your tests should pass. We are ready to get started with multi-browser testing.
Test Multiple Browsers in the Cloud
Sauce Labs is a service for running your tests against a huge variety of browsers. We're going to abstract a lot of the complexity of using Sauce Labs by taking advantage of the excellent ember-cli-sauce addon. First, you will need Sauce Labs credentials. You can start a free trial or, if your project is open source, you can sign up for Open Sauce. When you are done, take note of your user name and access key. You will need them later.
Let's install the addon:
$ember install ember-cli-sauce
Now we can add additional browsers to our testem.json file. Testem calls these launchers:
$ ember sauce --browser='firefox' --platform='Windows 7' $ ember sauce --browser='Internet Explorer' --version=11 --platform='Windows 8.1'
Lets run some tests!
First we have to export our sauce credentials as environment variables.
$export SAUCE_USERNAME="YOUR_USERNAME" $export SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY="YOUR_ACCESS_KEY"
Then we fire up a proxy tunnel so Sauce Labs browsers can get to our local Ember.js server.
$ember start-sauce-connect
Then we launch the actual tests.
$ember test --launch='SL_firefox_public_Windows_7,SL_internet_explorer_11_Windows_8_1'
You should see something like:
ok 1 Firefox 37.0 - Acceptance: WelcomePage: we should be welcoming ok 2 Firefox 37.0 - JSHint - acceptance: acceptance/welcome-page-test.js should pass jshint ok 3 Firefox 37.0 - JSHint - .: app.js should pass jshint ok 4 Firefox 37.0 - JSHint - helpers: helpers/resolver.js should pass jshint ok 5 Firefox 37.0 - JSHint - helpers: helpers/start-app.js should pass jshint ok 6 Firefox 37.0 - JSHint - .: router.js should pass jshint ok 7 Firefox 37.0 - JSHint - .: test-helper.js should pass jshint ok 8 IE 11.0 - Acceptance: WelcomePage: we should be welcoming ok 9 IE 11.0 - JSHint - acceptance: acceptance/welcome-page-test.js should pass jshint ok 10 IE 11.0 - JSHint - .: app.js should pass jshint ok 11 IE 11.0 - JSHint - helpers: helpers/resolver.js should pass jshint ok 12 IE 11.0 - JSHint - helpers: helpers/start-app.js should pass jshint ok 13 IE 11.0 - JSHint - .: router.js should pass jshint ok 14 IE 11.0 - JSHint - .: test-helper.js should pass jshint 1..14 # tests 14 # pass 14 # fail 0 # ok
Wasn't that awesome? You just tested your code in two browsers. You can add anything you want to testem.json. Go nuts!
When you are done testing remember to kill the tunnel we opened.
$ember stop-sauce-connect
Making It Automatic with Travis CI
The last piece of this puzzle is to use Travis CI to run these tests for you every time you commit code. Update your .travis.yml file to run Sauce Labs tests. You will need to tell Travis CI what your Sauce Labs credentials are in the env section:
--- language: node_js node_js: - "0.12" sudo: false env: global: #set these here becuase they get pulled out by testem saucie - SAUCE_USERNAME="YOUR_USER_NAME" - SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY="YOUR_ACCESS_KEY" cache: directories: - node_modules before_install: - "npm config set spin false" - "npm install -g npm@^2" install: - npm install -g bower - npm install - bower install before_script: # Create a sauce tunnel - ember start-sauce-connect script: - ember test --launch='SL_firefox_Windows_7,SL_internet_explorer_11_Windows_8_1' --port=8080 after_script: # Destroy the sauce tunnel - ember stop-sauce-connect
You are well on your way to being a cross-browser testing hero! In my next post I will take you through using the ember-try addon to test your code against upcoming Ember.js versions.
If you have questions or see a mistake, you can use the comments here or tweet @iam_jrjohnson.
Nicola Sturgeon's government has been accused of presiding over a shambles in the Scottish NHS after it recorded a record shortage of nurses and midwives and a spike in the number of consultant vacancies.
Official figures showed the nurse and midwifery vacancy rate was 4.5 per cent, the highest ever reported and an increase of 27.5 per cent since March last year. Overall, there was the equivalent of 2,919 posts lying empty.
Consultant vacancies increased by 17.6 per cent over the same period to more than 400, with almost half the posts unfilled for more than six months.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) warned “there are simply too few nurses” to meet demand, while the British Medical Association (BMA) accused the Scottish Government of “still not facing up to the problems of medical recruitment.”
Holyrood's opposition parties said the SNP's “shambolic approach to workforce planning” over the past decade was responsible for the shortages and blamed the Nationalists' focus on independence.
The figures showed increasing number of elderly patients ‘blocking' beds when they were well enough to be discharged and the NHS having to spend £166.5 million more on expensive temporary nurses and midwives to make good shortages.
FIFPro says its 2016 global survey found 68 percent of all players in Serbia have their salaries delayed, and 89 percent of those who moved to their clubs for a fee "were pressured into the transfer."
"...professional football players in Serbia who are now effectively playing in a lawless environment,” FIFPro General Sec Theo van Seggelen — Francis Awaritefe (@FrancisAwartefe) January 4, 2017
Now, FIFPro says, things are getting even worse.
It says Serbia's football association removed the representatives of players from a body that deals with their disputes with the clubs and appointed officials linked to major local teams to its top two positions.
“This is a flagrant violation of the fundamental rights of the professional football players in Serbia who are now effectively playing in a lawless environment,” FIFPro General Secretary Theo van Seggelen said.
“We call upon the Serbian Football Association to immediately reverse its decision.
“Until this situation is resolved we strongly advise players not to go and play football in Serbia.”
The House on Thursday approved this year's spending bill for the Pentagon in a 278-149 vote.
Passage of the $579 billion bill came after the White House threatened a veto of the legislation over insufficient funding levels and controversial policy riders that would prohibit funds from being used to transfer detainees imprisoned at Guantanamo Bay to the United States.
ADVERTISEMENT
It also passed despite heavy opposition among Democrats and some conservatives over the use of a war fund to boost defense spending next year.
Republicans added $38 billion to the war fund to give the Pentagon spending above the budget caps created by the sequester, but they left the limits in place for nondefense spending. Democrats and the White House want the sequester lifted in full.
It's the sixth 2016 spending bill to be approved by the House, with six more to go. Neither chamber has been able to pass all 12 of the individual spending bills in years.
Shortly before final passage, the House defeated, 196-231, an amendment authored by Rep. Adam Schiff Adam Bennett SchiffTech takes heat as anti-vaxers go viral Demands grow for a public Mueller report Bharara: It would seem 'odd and unusual' if Mueller report isn't made public MORE (D-Calif.) that would force Congress to vote on an authorization for use of military force against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS). His amendment would prohibit the use of funds for airstrikes against ISIS after March 2016 unless Congress passes a bill that specifically authorizes it.
“It's worth having Congress do its job,” Schiff said. “If we're going to ask our service members to risk their lives, we ought to have the courage ourselves to make a vote on this war.”
But Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen Rodney Procter FrelinghuysenTop House GOP appropriations staffer moves to lobbying shop Individuals with significant disabilities need hope and action Exiting lawmakers jockey for K Street perch MORE (R-N.J.) warned that the amendment would eliminate the Obama administration's ability to implement its military campaign. The Obama administration is relying on the 2001 and 2002 authorizations of military force intended for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
“This amendment is not about substance, it's about symbolism. Unfortunately, its effect would be much more than symbolism. Acceptance of this amendment would rob our nation of one of the key authorities our commander in chief relies on to keep us safe,” Frelinghuysen said.
The House also defeated two amendments from Rep. Hank Johnson (D-Ga.) that would have prohibited funds from being used for the Pentagon to transfer flash-bang grenades and armored vehicles to local police departments.
The House rejected Democratic amendments to eliminate provisions in the bill prohibiting the use of funds to transfer or release detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison. And the House turned down an amendment from Rep. Jason Smith (R-Mo.) to prevent funds from being used to provide legal counsel to any foreign detainees at the military prison.
The House also rebuffed two amendments late Wednesday night to eliminate funding allocated for training and arming vetted Syrian rebels and Iraqi forces to combat ISIS.
Additionally, the bill would provide a 2.3 percent pay raise for members of the military instead of President Obama's requested 1.3 percent increase.
It also includes funding for the military to purchase Navy ships, guided missile destroyers, Blackhawk helicopters, tanker aircraft, F-35 aircraft and combat ships.
Despite an attempt by the Air Force to retire the A-10 Warthog fleet, a Cold War-era jet that provides close air support for ground troops, the funding bill ensures that the aircraft remain in service.
As with other individual appropriations bills, the House considered the defense measure under a process that allows lawmakers to offer an unlimited number of amendments. But each amendment was restricted to 10 minutes of debate, resulting in remarkably short debates about major defense policies regarding Guantanamo Bay and the U.S. strategy to fight ISIS.
The lower chamber has already passed bills funding military construction programs and the Department of Veterans Affairs, energy and water programs, legislative operations, the Commerce and Justice departments and science agencies, and transportation and housing programs.
The Senate marked up and advanced its version of the Pentagon's spending bill Thursday.
Senate Democrats, however, have threatened to block all GOP-sponsored spending bills until sequestration funding levels are increased across the board.
Here's a bit of good news for video game fanatics: The discontinued Nintendo mini-console is coming back.
The company on Tuesday said its NES Classic Edition will start shipping again in 2018 due to strong demand.
When the company announced earlier this year it was pumping the breaks on the console, gamers were not happy. After all, it is one of the most sought items during the 2016 holiday shopping season -- and also one of the most difficult to find.
Nintendo attributed the decision to stop production to "limited resources." But now it appears the company is rethinking its strategy.
The console ($60) touts 30 built-in games, including "Mario Bros." and "Donkey Kong," and a retro-inspired controller.
Related: Super Nintendo gets the miniature console treatment
The announcement of its return came just two weeks before the company will launch its second miniature-sized console: the SNES Classic Edition ($80). It features 21 built-in games like "Super Mario World" and "The Legend of Zelda." It will also include a new title, "Star Fox 2."
Pre-orders for the SNES are already sold out online at Amazon, GameStop and Target.
But Nintendo (NTDOF) promises it will be easier to get your hands on this one. The company said it will ship more units of the Super NES Classic Edition on its U.S. launch day, September 29, than all of last year with the NES Classic Edition.
"Fans have shown their unbridled enthusiasm for these Classic Edition systems, so Nintendo is working to put many more of them on store shelves," the company said in a statement.
The company isn't just banking on nostalgic consoles to drum up excitement and bring in sales. In March, Nintendo launched its latest gaming system -- the Nintendo Switch -- which works as both a TV-linked console and a handheld portable device.
In its most recent quarter, the company sold 1.97 million Switch consoles.
MUMBAI: Even as railway officials claim to be operating maximum suburban trains to ease the hardships of daily commuters in Mumbai, the number of deaths and those injured after falling from trains has gone up in the last one decade, as per an RTI query. A whopping 25,722 passengers fell from suburban trains (traveling on Western, Central and Harbour suburban services in Mumbai commissionerate) in last 10 years , of whom 6,989 commuters died while 18,733 survived, said RTI activist Anis Khan quoting a reply received from government railway police (GRP), Mumbai.In 2005, total 494 commuters lost their lives after falling from running trains. This figure went up subsequently in the coming years and reached upto 901 in 2013, up 82 per cent as compared to the death toll in 2005, he said.However, 2014 saw a marginal decline with 797 deaths reported after falling from suburban trains, he said.Khan said the railway administration has "completely failed" to provide safe and comfortable journey to the people."The basic reason why people are dying like animals is that railway officers have entirely failed to comprehend the hardships of the commuters ... and the basic reason behind this (inability to comprehend the problems) is that officers never travel in local trains," he said.Most of the passengers fall or slip from the running trains when they struggle to get into a coach and fail to enter it or get dashed against a pole near railway track, he said."Until and unless officers do not feel the pinch of traveling in overcrowded local trains, such deaths are not going to stop," Khan said.As per the statistics provided under the RTI query, apart from 6,989 passengers who died after falling from trains, 22,289 passengers succumbed while crossing the tracks (trespassing).A railway officer, on condition of anonymity, said, "This is true that number of cases of falling of passengers has gone up, but it also includes those cases when many people lost their lives while performing stunts.""But sensing the gravity of the cases, constant announcements are made not to board or alight from running trains," he added.
Louise of Denmark was born on 19 October 1726 as the daughter of King Christian VI of Denmark and Sophie Magdalene of Brandenburg-Kulmbach. She was described as a lively person, who did not fit in well into her parents' court, which was quite rigid. She suffered from a stammer, and her father often complained of her rebellious nature. She was soon the subject of marriage negotiations, her father perhaps hoping to reign her in. She was considered as a bride for a younger son of George II of Great Britain, the Duke of Cumberland. She was also considered for Adolf Frederick of Sweden.
Nothing came of these negotiations, and it appears that Louise's had an affair with a valet de chambre, or page, from a noble family called Ahlefeldt. The page was imprisoned in Munkholm Fortress for what happened. He was released in November 1752. It is possible that Louise had a son by him in 1749. It would account for the hasty marriage that was arranged for her later that year. She was married off to Ernest Frederick III, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, with a very large dowry. They were married on 1 October 1749 at Hirschholm Palace.
The couple lived at Hildburghausen, and they had a daughter, named Princess Frederica Sophie Juliane Caroline, in 1755. Unfortunately, their daughter lived for only a year. Louise would follow her soon after. Louise died on 8 August 1756, of unknown causes. She was buried in the family crypt at Hildburghausen Castle, but that was mostly destroyed in the Second World War. Her husband remarried twice after her death.
"There are many people drinking immediately before approaching the door of venues, either around the corner from the pub, in their cars or in their homes, and it is so difficult for venues to detect that unless someone is very obviously intoxicated when they arrive."
Professor Miller said interviews with more than 4000 patrons revealed those who drank before going out more frequently reported also being involved in alcohol-related violence and harm.
"The relationship was strong,'' he said.
"We didn't differentiate between those who initiated the violence and those who were victims of it, but we often found that it took two to tango."
People who drank between one and five standard drinks before going to a venue were 1.5 times as likely to experience harm than those who didn't drink beforehand, while those who drank six to 10 drinks were twice as likely. For those who drank 25 or more standard drinks prior to going out, their risk increased by 4.5 times.
Turkey's foreign trade deficit fell in February, the Turkish Statistical Institute (TurkStat) reported yesterday. In February, the deficit sharply declined to $4.7 billion, down $1.54 billion - 32.8 percent - compared to that same month last year, according to the institute. Turkey's exports rose 1.4 percent year-on-year to $12.4 billion while February's imports were valued at $15.6 billion, down 8.1 percent from the same month last year.
The country's exports to the EU, Turkey's main trading partner, surged 10.8 percent to $5.74 billion from $5.2 billion last year. The proportion of EU countries in overall exports was 46.3 percent in February 2016, up from 42.3 percent in February 2015 and suggesting that Turkish exporters are steering towards the European market after being hit by regional conflicts.
In February 2016, the main partnering country for exports was Germany with $1.16 billion, while the top country for Turkey's imports was China, with a total value of $2.6 billion.
This is the first of a series of posts that will explore and expand on the recovered history of Arianna Huffington recently unearthed by S.H.A.M.E.
Ever since its transformation from a celebrity blog into a mainstream news media outlet, Arianna Huffington has marketed the Huffington Post to the public as a media outlet whose purpose is to leverage social media and new Internet technologies to democratize news and empower the American people by wresting control of news away from corrupt elites. To hear her tell it, you'd think that the Huffington Post was nothing less than a staging area for a populist revolt to reclaim American democracy from corporate rule:
The tech advances of the last few years have turned the news and entertainment worlds on their ears, shifting the balance of power away from media pooh-bahs dictating what is important and what is not, and towards consumers — and citizens — being empowered to choose and create. Technology is poised to have the same game-changing effect on the political world.
But HuffPo's marketing executives tell a different, contradictory story.
HuffPo is not a news organization at all, according to Greg Coleman, Huffington Post's president and chief revenue officer. He told Ad Age in 2010 that HuffP was a “social-media company” that exists to “help our marketers beam their messages throughout the internet, across the galaxy, the internet, and the world.”
“We make [corporations] part of the conversation,” explained another HuffPo marketing executive in 2011. “We're acting as a social-media agency for our advertisers on The Huffington Post. We've become advisers to some of these companies about how to conduct the social-media outreach . . . We help them counter this sort of one-sided conversation that is going on on the Internet about their companies.”
For all the problems of traditional media, at least newspapers have some sort of wall between news and advertising. Sure, advertisers and sponsors still wield considerable influence over editorial content, but at least there is a tension between the two opposing forces. The Huffington Post, on the other hand, is about knocking that wall down—all in the name of democratic empowerment. After all, the separation between editorial and advertising discriminates against the corporate point of view. Why even have the division? Why is a CEO's point of view less valuable than that of a reporter? Who makes that decision?
HuffPo ends this discrimination by leveling the playing field, and letting the reader decide: Rather than publishing their advertisers' press releases and ads, editors refashion them as blog posts and articles that look like the rest of HuffPo, and allow the company to be “part of the community.”
In journalism, this is considered corrupt and manipulative. At HuffPo, it's called “sponsor-generated content.”
Naturally, advertisers love HuffPo's sponsor-generated-content strategy. It gives their message progressive credibility, all while reaching a huge cross-section of the American population. When Arianna sold the Huffington Post to AOL in 2011, the site had 30.5 million U.S. people reading it every month. That's nearly 10 percent of the entire population of the United States! On top of that, 9 million more people visited the site from overseas.
HuffPo execs bragged that sponsor-generated content more than doubled HuffPo's advertising revenue in 2010, and earned it about $3 million in the first three months of 2011.
Below are just a few of the most egregious examples of HuffPo's “sponsor-generated content” at work:
Pushing positive PR for foreign dictators
The New York Times reported that in 2009 HuffPo published a short article accompanied by a “fashion slide show” titled “Asma al-Assad: Syria's First Lady and All-Natural Beauty” not long after the Assad family began using Western PR firms to “shape her image.”
A couple weeks ago headlines were made when Syrian First Lady, Asma Al Assad invited the Obamas to Damascus. HuffPost readers ended up commenting more on Asma's beauty and less on what an Obama/Assad meeting would mean for the Middle East. And we couldn't help but notice the Syrian beauty either. In a region where the women love to cake on their make-up, it is very refreshing to see the wife of President Bashar al-Assad with very little on. We also noticed her love for Christian Louboutin platforms, sunglasses, and her signature wavy hair.
During pro-democracy protests in Bahrain in 2011 at the start of the Arab Spring, HuffPo published a series of blog posts that whitewashed well-documented Bahraini police brutality, and instead blamed demonstrators for the violence erupting in the country.
Ken Silverstein wrote it up for Salon:
Ever since last February, when security forces in Bahrain brutally cracked down on demonstrators at the Pearl Monument, human rights groups have documented extensive violence by the government against pro-democracy protesters. In late November, an independent commission hired by the country's king released a report that said 35 people had been killed during the protests, including five detainees who were tortured to death, and that hundreds more had been injured and nearly 3,000 arrested. But to judge from Tom Squitieri — the self-described “stargazer, Award winning reporter, communications crafter” who has tweeted and blogged about events in Bahrain for Huffington Post and the Foreign Policy Association — demonstrators are largely to blame for the violence. In one item he wrote about a girl named Zahra who “was attacked with an iron bar wielded by protestors” and a demonstrator named Ali who was killed “after being hit by a police car.” While Ali's family claimed “he was deliberately run down” by the cops, Squitieri suggested it was more likely that “the police car swerved out of control after skidding on oil poured on the road by protestors.”
HuffPo did not disclose that the author, Tom Squitieri, was “an employee of Qorvis Communications, a Washington firm that is registered to lobby for the government of Bahrain,” as Ken Silverstein discovered. Squitieri had been a reporter for USA Today until 2005, when he “resigned” over charges of plagiarism.
Creating a friendly platform for Wall Street/banker propaganda
HuffPo regularly features front-page PR by the CEO of the world's largest bond fund, PIMCO, writing on subjects such as Greece's debt that directly conflict with the firm's $1.7 trillion dollars of investments it manages. PIMCO, long a major sponsor of CNBC (including Rick “Tea Party” Santelli's show), has been criticized for the way it has exploited the media in the past to reap huge gains for wealthy bondholders. According to the New York Times, in 2008, PIMCO co-founder Bill Gross successfully “used his access to the news media to get the government's attention” — and secure its bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac creditors, netting PIMCO $2 billion in a single day.
Promoting dangerous quacks cures
Some in the medical community have condemned the promotion of dangerous quacks by HuffPo. In 2009, a physician published an article in Salon criticizing HuffPo's promotion of “bogus treatments and crackpot medical theories,” including curing the swine flu with deep-cleaning enemas, as well as fraudulent spiritual healing techniques and risky cancer treatments.
Science writer and Vanity Fair contributing editor Seth Mnookin wrote: “For whatever reason, HuffPo seemed to have a particular bee in its bonnet about vaccines and autism: If you made a list of the most irresponsible, misinformed people on the topic, it was a safe bet the majority of them had been given space for their rantings on the site.” Many of these authors use Huffington Post to promote their books and services. (Dangerous quack remedies include a “baking soda” cancer treatment invented by an Italian doctor convicted of manslaughter and fraud in Italy.)
Then there's the issue of the “Sweat Lodge” murderer: In October 2009, three people died at a “Spirtual Warrior” fasting and sweat lodge ceremony hosted by new age wealth guru James Arthur Ray, while 18 others were hospitalized with burns, dehydration, liver and kidney damage, as well as “scorched lungs.” In 2011, Ray was convicted on three counts of negligent homicide, and sentenced to two years in prison. Huffington Post published James Ray's blog right up until the deadly retreat incident, describing him as “a ‘World Thought Leader' who has traveled the globe devoting over two decades to studying the thoughts, actions, and habits of those who create true wealth in every area of their life.” Ray's bio has since been scrubbed from his HuffPo blog.
***
Read Arianna Huffington's S.H.A.M.E. Profile to learn more about her history of exploitation, manipulation and media corruption. . .
A petition for the open carry of firearms at the Republican National Convention has amassed more than 42,000 signatures as of Monday.
The convention is scheduled to take place in Cleveland from July 18 to 21 at the Quicken Loans Arena, which bans all weapons on property. While Ohio allows open-carry, the venue's ban is permitted by state law.
The petition's author, known as N A, finds fault with the policy, calling it “a direct affront to the Second Amendment.” Pointing to an article that ranks Cleveland among the United States' most dangerous cities and mentioning “the possibility of an ISIS terrorist attack,” the author said the Republican National Committee and the Quicken Loans Arena are putting people at risk.
“Without the right to protect themselves, those at the Quicken Loans Arena will be sitting ducks, utterly helpless against evil-doers, criminals or others who wish to threaten the American way of life,” the petition reads. “All three remaining Republican candidates have spoken out on the issue and are unified in their opposition to Barack HUSSEIN Obama's ‘gun-free zones.'”
The author then called on the Quicken Loans Arena, the National Rifle Association, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, the Republican National Committee and the GOP presidential contenders to act.
None of the individuals named in the petition immediately responded to a request for comment from NBC News.
On the Sunday morning talk shows, Trump declined to discuss the petition at length.
“I have not seen the petition,” Trump said on ABC. “I want to see what it says. I want to read the fine print. I have to see what it says. I'm a very, very strong person for Second Amendment. I think very few people are stronger. And I have to see the petition.”
When host Jonathan Karl asked Trump to put the specific petition aside and delineate more broadly about the notion of delegates carrying firearms at the convention, Trump refused to consider the prospect.
“I don't want to forget the petition,” Trump told Karl. “It's the first I hear about it — of it, and frankly, you know, nobody is stronger on the Second Amendment than me. But I would like to take a look at it.”
A federal spending bill apportioned $50 million to Cleveland to help with the cost of convention security, according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer. The paper reported that the city has proposed using part of the funds to purchase 2,000 sets of riot gear.
Although the City of Cleveland would not comment on operational security matters, it said in a March 18 statement that it looked forward to a successful convention while “working with our federal, state and local security as well as our business partners.”
This article has been updated to reflect an increase in the number of petition signatures.
Scarlett Johansson's estranged husband Romain Dauriac was seen for the first time with their daughter after his statement about the divorce filing.
The 34-year-old journalist was spotted hand-in-hand with two-year-old child Rose while out in New York City on Tuesday.
The outing comes just after a statement was released by the Frenchman as he not only revealed he was 'shocked' by the 32-year-old star's decision to split but also mentioned a potential custody battle.
Bonding: Romain Dauriac was spotted for the first time with two-year-old daughter Rose in New York City after 'shocking' divorce filing
Dauriac wore a brown leather flight jacket over entirely black including hoodie, skinny jeans, brogues, beret, and sunglasses.
He kept a watchful eye on his only child who trailed behind her after claiming he has been the 'primary parent' to the youngster.
In the statement released earlier this week, he is 'imploring' her to withdraw her divorce filing for the sake of their toddler daughter, Rose.
Casual: The 34-year-old journalist wore a brown leather flight jacket over entirely black including hoodie, skinny jeans, brogues, beret, and sunglasses
Proud: He kept a watchful eye on his only child who trailed behind her after claiming he has been the 'primary parent' to the youngster
Johansson filed for divorce from Romain Dauriac in a NYC court Tuesday, saying the marriage was 'irretrievably broken.'
Blindsided by the move, the Frenchman said in a statement on Wednesday that he wants to keep the divorce out of the courts and go back to the negotiating table.
'It is indeed unfortunate, especially for our daughter, that Scarlett filed in Court and made our personal differences so public,' he said.
'It is unfortunate': Johansson's ex Dauriac is requesting her to withdraw her divorce filing so the duo can work out their custody battle in private
'I would implore her to withdraw her action promptly and go back, as uncomfortable as it might be, to the negotiating table. We are the parents of a lovely daughter whom we will continue to co-parent for many years and share her joys and sorrows as only a parent can.'
Dauriac's lawyer, Hal Mayerson, claims the former couple were in the middle of private talks when Johansson suddenly made the move to file.
'We were shocked that they filed these proceedings in court,' he said.
'We had been negotiating information relevant to their child Rose and also economic issues, so we were stunned when they did this. We've told [Johansson and her lawyers] that we would go to any means to try to avoid this.'
'We were shocked': Dauriac's lawyer Hal Mayerson said in a statement that the duo were working things out, including a custody agreement regarding their daughter Rose, two, when the actress suddenly filed for divorce
The move follows a January announcement that the couple split last summer after less than two years of marriage.
Dauriac sees the move as a 'pre-emptive strike' in a battle over custody of the couple's daughter, his lawyer said.
Johansson is asking for joint custody of their daughter, Rose, but also wants the child to live with her.
Mayerson said on Wednesday that he and Dauriac were taken aback by the request because he has been the 'primary parent' for the two-year-old while Johansson has been involved with her career.
Dauriac plans to petition the court to take the child to live with him in his native France, Mayerson said, adding that Johansson will have 'access to her daughter any time she wants to come to Paris.'
Officially over: The actress filed for divorce from Romain (pictured 2015) in a New York City court Tuesday, saying the marriage was 'irretrievably broken' and asked for joint custody of daughter Rose
Dauriac has no intention of cutting Johansson off from her daughter, his lawyer told People.
'Ms. Johansson has two apartments in Paris. She can come any time she wants to see [Rose] and have the child with her,' Mayerson said.
'If she's traveling, we expect there would be a schedule that would be roughly equal between them.'
'Mr. Dauriac is tired of having to run his life and his child's life based on Ms. Johansson's shooting schedule,' Mayerson said.
'Ms. Johansson has two apartments in Paris. She can come any time she wants to see [Rose] and have the child with her,' Mayerson said
Johansson responded in a statement, saying she is a 'devoted mother and private person' who knows her daughter will one day be old enough to read the news about herself.
Battle brewing: Dauriac's lawyer said on Wednesday that Dauriac (pictured Deecember) was taken aback by the request because he has been the 'primary parent' for the two-year-old
'I would only like to say that I will never, ever be commenting on the dissolution of my marriage. Out of respect for my desires as a parent and out of respect for all working moms, it is with kindness that I ask other parties involved and the media to do the same,' she said.
Johansson has spent a lot of time this year in New Zealand filming Ghost In The Shell.
The star flew Rose to be with her some time but the arraignment was causing tension between the former couple recently a source told Page Six.
'She would take the child on these trips like when she was shooting in New Zealand,' a source close to the case said.
But then Johansson wanted to switch to a shorter schedule under which she would have Rose for three days and then Dauriac would take her for two days.
'The kid was bouncing back and forth. It can't work because [Johansson] travels so much,' the source said.
Aside from Ghost In The Shell - out March 31 - the star also has comedy Rough Night in theaters June 11.
The R rated comedy sees Johansson's charcater and her bridesmaids - Jillian Bell, Ilana Glazer, Zoë Kravitz and Kate McKinnon - accidently kill a stripper on her bachelortette weekend.
Dedicated to her craft: Johansson has spent a lot of time this year in New Zealand filming Ghost In The Shell
Girls' night out: Aside from Ghost In The Shell, the actress also has comedy Rough Night in theaters June 11. It also stars (L-R) Zoë Kravitz, Jillian Bell, Ilana Glazer and Kate McKinnon
The actress is set to due in Atlanta any day now for the 11-month-long shoot for Avengers: Infinity War.
Filming has begun on the Marvel movie last month and it will see the star reprise her Black Widow role.
Currently there is also an untitled follow-up film due out in 2019.
Black Widow is back: The actress is set to due in Atlanta any day now for the 11-month-long shoot for Avengers: Infinity War.
The divorce filing notes that the couple signed a prenuptial agreement in September 2014, but Mayerson said the pact does not address custody or financial issues regarding their daughter.
Dauriac is a former journalist who now works as a curator of art shows in New York, Mayerson said.
This was Johansson's second marriage. She was previously married to actor Ryan Reynolds from 2008 to 2011.
Study toasts beer as being good for your bones NEW YORK (Reuters Life!) – Beer drinkers now have a good excuse to order another round — the brew may help keep bones strong, a study has found. NEW YORK (Reuters Life!) – Beer drinkers now have a good excuse to order another round — the brew may help keep bones strong, a study has found. Researchers from the Department of Food Science & Technology at the University of California, have found beer is a rich source of silicon and may help prevent osteoporosis, as dietary silicon is a key ingredient for increasing bone mineral density. These were the findings after researchers tested 100 commercial beers for silicon content and categorized the data according to beer style and source. Previous research has suggested beer contained silicon but little was known about how silicon levels varied with the different types of beer and malting processes. “We have examined a wide range of beer styles for their silicon content and have also studied the impact of raw materials and the brewing process on the quantities of silicon that enter wort and beer,” researcher Charles Bamforth said in a statement. The study, published in the Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture, found the beers' silicon content ranged from 6.4 milligrams per liter to 56.5 mg per liter. The average person's silicon intake each day is between 20 and 50 mgs. The researchers found there was little change in the silicon content of barley during the malting process as most of the silicon in barley is in the husk, which is not affected greatly during malting. They found pale ales showed the highest silicon content while non-alcoholic beers, light lagers and wheat beers had the least silicon. “Beers containing high levels of malted barley and hops are richest in silicon,” said Bamforth. “Wheat contains less silicon than barley because it is the husk of the barley that is rich in this element.” But Bamforth told reporters that the results shouldn't be taken too serious. The study examined the beers but it did not look at bone mineral density or analyze patients' data. “I would first consider flavor and whether you like it or not,” he told science and technology magazine Discover. “Choose the beer you enjoy, for goodness sake.” Source: Reuters
My Take
It turns out that beer has significant levels of the most bioavailable form of silicon, orthosilicic acid (OSA). And silicon may have a positive effect on connective tissue such as collagen and on growth and mineralization of bone, the latter especially in men and premenopausal women.1
Silicon is involved in bone growth processes by affecting bone collagen turnover and bone matrix proteins such as osteopontin. The latter is a glycoprotein that plays an important role in bone remodeling, wound healing, and certain types of cell-mediated immune responses.2
Have scientists found the pot of gold at the end of the bone-health rainbow? You'll get the answer when we analyze this study with a fine-toothed comb.
Potential bone health benefits of beer are brewing up a storm
You see, even though dietary intake of silicon has been linked to greater bone mineral density, the devil is in the details: the study that created the “buzz” about beer and bone health doesn't correlate beer drinking as beneficial to osteoporosis.
Conducted by the Department of Food Science & Technology at the University of California, Davis, Bamworth and Casey, the study authors, reveal that the barley husk is the principal contributor to silicon in beer.3 Also, after testing 100 beers for their silicon content, they observed that the pale colored malts retain the highest levels of silicon because they are more impervious to heat stress during the malting process.
Silicon is present in many alkalizing foods
Call me a party pooper, but I must tell you that beer is neither the best nor the only source of bone-friendly silicon. You see, beer is an acidifying drink because it contains alcohol. Granted, beer has lower alcohol levels than wine, vodka, whiskey, and other drinks, but it is still acidic and it can therefore draw calcium from your bones to correct the low pH. But that doesn't mean that if you care about your bones you can't enjoy an occasional beer; you can have it in the right balance, as is the case with any acidifying food or drink.
But the really good news is that highly bioavailable silicon is also found in many alkalizing foods such as beets, pumpkin, carrots, onions, cherries, apples, oranges, and raisins.
The highest levels of silicon are in the skin of cucumbers, bell peppers, and tomatoes. Here's one of my favorite silicon rich recipes:
Better than Beer Salad Serves 6 2 cucumbers, diced
6 tomatoes, diced
4 green onions, finely chopped
2 radishes, finely diced
1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely diced
1 teaspoon lemon rind
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 teaspoon parsley
2 tablespoons olive oil
Black pepper and sea salt to taste
12 Kalamata olives for garnish Combine all ingredients in a large serving bowl and garnish with olives.
Take the bone health benefits of beer with a grain of “hop”
As with any other acidifying food or drink, you can still enjoy a “cold one” making sure that it is in the right acid/alkaline proportion.
Also try to eat some cucumbers, bell peppers, and tomatoes to nourish your bones with the most absorbable source of silicon and other bone-smart nutrients.
Now you know what the “buzz” is all about…
Cheers, and please leave your comments below.
References
I had bought the original Razer DeathAdder about 5 years ago, and it's a great mouse but after daily use it was starting to show it's age. I decided to get the 2013 DeathAdder because I was used to the ergonomics and fit of the mouse, and I loved it's performance in gaming.
The mouse itself is stylish and sleek, and very comfortable in the hand, at least for a palm grip. I use a palm grip, but I tried using a claw grip and it didn't seem to work very well, since the mouse has such a large hump toward the back. The side buttons are very easy to push when needed, but out of the way when they're not. I particularly like the functionality of the side buttons as "forward and backward" buttons for internet browsers, as it really cuts down on unnecessary hand movement.
The rubber "grips" on the side are a nice feature, as the original DeathAdder had just slippery sides. The grips make it much easier to handle with sweaty hands/fingers, and much easier to lift off the mouse pad if need be. I have been using my old DeathAdder as my on-the-go mouse (because I don't want to mess up my new one) and I've found it much harder to control after getting used to the grips on the 2013 DeathAdder.
The teflon mouse feet are very slick and allow the mouse easy movement across a standard mouse pad. Speaking of which, you definitely want to use this mouse with a soft mouse pad because in my opinion it is much easier to control than on a hard surface like a table or book. I haven't used a hard mouse pad in years, but if that's what you're used to it probably will work just fine. Just avoid going without a mouse pad.
The mouse wheel is very responsive and doesn't really move unless you want it to, and it scrolls by increments (or "clicks"). The middle mouse button is very easy to click, as well. I prefer the look of the original DeathAdder mouse wheel, but that's just me. I may switch them in the future.
As for the DPI settings, I feel that 6400 is very, very high and not really needed. Your mouse will be flying all over the screen at high speeds. As the original DeathAdder had a maximum of 1800dpi, I only decided to use a slightly higher dpi of 2000 using Razer's program "Synapse" (more on that below). If you're used to a highly sensitive mouse, go crazy with the higher precision that you can get at 6400dpi. In the end, the technical performance is top notch.
The program used to control the settings of the mouse, Synapse, is a great and intuitive tool to controlling everything from DPI, sensitivity, lights, and button hotkeys/functions. It's very handy to be able to change my technical settings quickly or turn off the lights if I want to go to sleep without a green glow.
I know a lot of people have troubles with durability of DeathAdders, but not in my case. If you take care of your mouse, it should last a while. After using my old DeathAdder for about a year (and making sure it wasn't under warranty anymore), I took it apart and cleaned the inside with some electronics cleaner and a q-tip, even though it didn't really *need* it. It takes about 30 minutes but it extends the life of the mouse a LOT, so it's definitely worth taking the time to clean it once or twice a year. There are videos on youtube that can show you how to take the DeathAdder apart, as well, so you don't need to worry about breaking it.
Overall, the mouse performs great. The ease and adaptability of the settings makes it great for multiple games or even users. The ergonomics of the mouse feel snug, tight, and comfortable in my hand, and sweaty palms/fingers barely affect the control because of the rubber grips on the side and body. The technical performance is perfect, I play a lot of CS:GO and never have any qualms with control or sensitivity due to my DeathAdder. The bottom line is that it's precise, smooth, and reliable.
I hope this review helped, if I missed anything or if you have a question, let me know and I'm positive I can give you an answer, as I use the mouse daily and have for about 3 months now (plus the original for 4-5 years before that).
MONTREAL — Dear pedestrians, cyclists and motorists:
We need to talk.
During my 10-year career as a long-haul trucker, and now as a city driver who navigates a 53-foot tractor-trailer in and around Montreal, on a daily basis I witness people who unwittingly endanger their lives around big trucks.
I never understood, nor would have believed, just how dangerous trucks are until I drove one.
That's why in the wake of recent truck-related deaths in Montreal, I would like to instil that sense of danger by putting you in the truck driver's seat and explain how I almost killed a cyclist in Cambridge, Ont., on a long-haul run several years ago.
I beg you to hear me out.
It may save your life.
It was a clear, dry day on June 27, 2008 when I was delivering a load to Cambridge.
I was working for a company that had won numerous industry safety awards. My truck was new and had the latest safety equipment. I passed all the company's safety courses, including sessions on a full-size truck simulator, and achieved a 125,000-mile safe-driving milestone.
Here's what happened, retold in present tense:
At about 9 a.m. on Franklin Blvd., one block from my destination, I line up my rig to turn right on Sheldon Drive, a two-lane road with a centre median. As a general rule, you need a combination of four lanes to make a right turn with a 53-foot trailer without hopping the curb, where pedestrians or cyclists might be waiting.
I half block the right lane with the end of my trailer and position the cab in the centre lane with my flasher blinking to the right.
A right-hand turn is more dangerous because I am blind on my large passenger-side mirror once my cab is articulated, for several of the seven to 10 seconds it takes to make the turn. I do have a distorted view from two convex mirrors, one on the fender and one below my large mirror. I must also keep an eye on the left front not to hit an oncoming car, or in this case the median. I also have to worry about cars trying to squeeze into the right lane as I make the turn.
A left-hand turn is much safer because I have near perfect visibility throughout.
Your voice: what are Montreal's worst spots for cyclists?
It's a clear day and the sun is not blinding me or my mirrors, which are sparkling clean. I am scanning the traffic lights, the right-side mirror and the truck-legal street I am going to turn on. I am well rested and ahead of schedule.
The light turns green and the turn is going smoothly, and I am confident my rear axles, with more than 30,000 pounds of weight, will clear that curb.
Halfway through my curve, when I see the sidewalk again with my big right mirror, I see a red and white blur that quickly auto-focuses into a kid sliding on the ground on his bike heading for the middle of my trailer in the middle of my turn. I slam the brakes.
Blocking the intersection, I get out of my seat to look out the passenger-side window. The teenage cyclist is slowly getting off the ground, one of the happiest moments of my trucking career. I pull the truck over.
The Manitoba Child Care Association is planning to put child care at the top of the list of election issues, starting with a debate between three provincial election candidates, which took place on Wednesday night.
Liberal candidate Kyra Wilson; the New Democratic Party's Kerri Irvin-Ross and Ian Wishart, a candidate for the Progressive Conservatives sat before dozens of people in Université de Saint-Boniface, taking questions from the audience.
The questions covered a range of topics, including a lack of child care facilities in Winnipeg and rural communities, and Irvin-Ross took time to assure audience members of the NDP's committment to improving care in the province.
"We know that child care needs to be universally accessible, needs to be affordable. We need to be making investments.… The NDP since 1999 have worked on that plan," she said, reminding the audience that since then, the party has developed more than 14,000 spaces.
Wishart, however, said the approach isn't working.
"We feel that one approach alone, which has been the not-for-profit model that has been operating and expanding is really not enough …" he said.
Wilson focused on the Manitoba Liberals' promise to implement full-day kindergarten for all children in the province.
"I'm actually really excited about the all-day kindergarten," she said.
"When you look at an all-day kindergarten program for children, you're freeing up those child care spaces. So our families are actually having to pay full fees for child care when your child's only actually in daycare for part of the day."
The debate was the first of several that are expected to take place before Manitoba's provincial election on April 19.
Early this week a former senior official from Scotland Yard accused the Labour government of slavishly following the American neocon view of Islam and terrorism. According to him, the Anglo-American assault on Iraq and Afghanistan and British complicity in torture of suspects at Guantánamo greatly increased the risks of terrorist attacks on the UK, notwithstanding New Labour's strenuous attempts to deny such a causal connection. Reading his impassioned statement of the obvious, you could be forgiven for wondering why he, like many of the great and good at the Chilcot inquiry, hadn't spoken out previously – when it may have mattered.
The "heady poison" of war creates, as the US critic Randolph Bourne once put it, "its own antitoxin of ruin and disillusionment." Wars as misconceived as those in Iraq and Afghanistan – two of the longest in British and US history – are likely to generate many testimonies to folly and ineptitude. Lately in the US, there has been a flurry of confessions, accusations and counter-accusation from both officials who prosecuted the wars, and the intellectuals who cheerled them from the sidelines. The chastened mood, deepened by economic decline, is summed up by the title of a recent bestseller by Peter Beinart, one of the strident liberal "hawks": The Icarus Syndrome: A History of American Hubris.
What's remarkable about these long, tormented mea culpas is that they reveal little that the average newspaper reader does not already know. It was no secret that the invasion of Iraq had been conceived as a punitive expedition in the old-fashioned imperial style, in which economic and geopolitical aims were subordinate to the demonstration of firepower, to campaigns of shock and awe. As the US columnist Thomas Friedman, an ever-reliable barometer of official opinion, claimed: "What [Iraqis] needed to see was American boys and girls going house to house, from Basra to Baghdad, and basically saying, '… Suck. On. This.'" Nevertheless, men like Beinart concluded that the Bush administration was going to war for precisely the reason he and other intellectuals had insisted it ought to: to vanquish "Islamofascism" (never mind that Saddam Hussein was a secular despot) and thereby making the Middle East safe for liberal democracy.
As for Afghanistan, its modern history furnished plenty of cautionary tales against foreign invasions. Enraged by the 9/11 attacks, and seeking a suitably spectacular revenge, the US could be excused for not paying sufficient heed to them. But Britain, which has often fought unwinnable wars in far-off places for the sake of imperial pride, could have predicted that it would face a resilient Afghan adversary. It could draw upon the memory of three Afghan wars, which mostly proved disastrous even though it then did not have to worry about a significant Muslim population at home or such regional impediments as Pakistan and Iran.
Plenty of other historical examples – Napoleon in Spain, the French in Algeria, and the Americans in Vietnam – illustrate that a small but determined band of guerrilla fighters can annul the technical and often numerical superiority of foreign invaders. So what has persuaded Britain to remain embroiled in a hopeless imperial adventure in the early 21st century? After all, most ordinary citizens long turned against it, and their conviction of its futility hardens with every new casualty in Afghanistan. New Labourites weren't the only politicians to be neoconned or to be vulgarly infatuated with US power and wealth – the present education minister was among the busiest retailers of neocon fables. But the incompetence and failure of politicians and officials is not as shocking as the moral truancy of many intellectuals – the professionals paid to preserve and transmit historical and philosophical wisdom, and intelligently to interpret the contemporary world.
Perhaps, "it is a mistake," as Randolph Bourne wrote in his essay War and the Intellectuals, "to suppose that intellectuality makes for suspended judgments. The intellect craves certitude." Certainly, as recent history proves, dogma is hardly the exclusive malady of traditional religions – those that are fashionably blamed for all the evils in the world today. It is central, too, to the secular cults of our own time – progress, technology, military power – that many intellectuals keenly subscribe to.
Writing in the New York Times magazine a few weeks after the invasion of Iraq, the historian Niall Ferguson urged the US to impose capitalism and democracy through military force. Declaring himself as a "fully paid up member of the neoimperialist gang", Ferguson claimed to be fascinated by "the sort of enlightened foreign administration once provided by self-confident Englishmen in jodhpurs and pith helmets."
How risible these fantasies seem today, as America itself, enfeebled by jungle capitalism and feckless wars, looks as though it could benefit from a period of enlightened administration. And yet this me-too Lawrence-of-Arabia-ism was hailed not so long ago as grittily realistic in prestigious periodicals, and given a sympathetic hearing by political leaders, who, too, assumed that Asians and Africans, having recently sent their former European overlords home, were ready to kowtow to a new American master.
Of course the nostalgia for jodhpurs and pith helmets was so well received largely because it expressed itself through the resonantly noble rhetoric of humanitarianism. "I never knew a man," Graham Greene wrote in The Quiet American (1955), "who had better motives for all the trouble he caused." Indeed, Greene's portrait of a self-righteous American blundering through Vietnam holds up well as a general description of many do-gooding eggheads in our own time and the recent past.
Secular intellectuals with a passionately held faith in rational manipulation or simply itching to be in on the action led to the violent remaking of entire societies and cultures in the previous century: the colonisation of Asia and Africa as well as mass social engineering in Russia and China. They had little time for traditional religion, and scorned its old authority, which used to keep man's more Promethean lusts in check. Indeed, they were driven by a new religion: a belief in man's ability to radically reshape his social and natural environment.
Brute force was usually their means; according to the instrumentalist calculation, eggs have to be broken in order to make omelettes. The immense and uniquely ideological violence of the 20th century – what Camus described as the "slaves camps under the flag of freedom, massacres justified by philanthropy" – partly derived from a mode of reasoning that made the vast and unpredictable realm of human affairs appear as amenable to radical mutation as a box of eggs does at breakfast time.
Many such "rational" ideologies now lie in the dustbin of history; but the illusions of omnipotence continue to flourish, and their first eager victims still tend to be intellectuals trying to secure a footnote, if not a whole chapter, for themselves in history. Bookish do-gooders drunk on abstractions may not actually appear to be among the most menacing figures of our time – at least not when compared to bushy-bearded fanatics, moustachioed despots and smooth-shaven elected leaders brimming with conviction. But they, too, have been doing their bit, if quietly, to make the new century as bloody as the previous one.
Research firm Gartner is predicting that 2015 will be the year in which the number of tablet devices finally overtakes the number of PCs shipped worldwide.
The company's latest report foresees that the number of traditional PCs (that includes both desktops and notebooks) and ultramobile devices will reach 317 million in 2015, up slightly from its estimate of 308 million for this year. In contrast, Gartner estimates that the number of tablet devices will increase from 256 million in 2014 to 321 million in 2015.
Despite the significant change at the top, Gartner believes that the ending of support for Windows XP and general replacement cycles will mean that 2014 is “a relative revival” period for the PC market. That's to say that it predicts shipments will decline by 2.9 percent year-on-year in 2014, as opposed to the 9.5 percent drop between 2012 and 2013.
Smartphone shipments are predicted to reach 1.86 billion units this year, up from 1.8 billion in 2013. Gartner predicts that the figure will climb by 5 percent in 2015 to reach 1.95 billion units shipped per year, though it cautions that price will be an increasingly significant factor for sales.
“The next wave of adoption will be driven by lower price points rather than superior functionality,” said Ranjit Atwal, research director at Gartner.
Looking at the tablet market itself, Strategy Analytics' recent Q1 2014 report put Android out ahead with a leading 65.8 percent share of global shipments. iOS followed with 28.4 percent, with Windows next on 5.8 percent.
Android-based tablets have steadily gained market share in recent years and, though the Gartner report makes no mention of the vendors, we can expect that trend to continue as more Android devices go on sale and adoption in price sensitive emerging markets continues to grow.
Image via Andreas Solaro / AFP / Getty Images
Read next: Vodafone launches WorldTraveller plan so you can take your minutes, SMS and data on holiday with you
An LPD6803 based LED module is an “intelligent” pixel, it can memorize its color and passthrough the data and power connection. This means you can drive a lot (several thousand) intelligent pixels with just 4 cables (2x power and 2x data).
Take a look at ladyada's very informative post about the LPD6803 module.
So where to buy these Intelligent, LPD6803 based Pixels? At my PixelInvaders Shop for example!
Needed Hardware:
An Arduino Compatible Board
A 12V Power supply (an old ATX Power supply is perfectly fine)
A strand of some LPD6803 based LED modules
Some cables to connect the LPD6803 module
I had some cardboard angle laying around an thought, why not build a DIY Wall Washer.
And here is the result:The wiring is very easy, take a look at this wiring diagram done by ladyada:Connect pin 2 (yellow) to thecolor of the LPD6803 Module.Connect pin 3 (green) to thecolor of the LPD6803 Module.Red is V+, Black is GND.
Links:
- LPD6803 LED module shop
- All source files on GitHub
Two Videos showing the Wall Washer in action. Note: The Wall Washer looks brighter in reality.
Despite a quarter that he felt showed “mixed” results, Mackie Research Capital analyst Neal Gilmer today raised his target price on marijuana player Mettrum Health (TSX:MT), citing heightened potential for expansion and customer acquisition.
On Tuesday, Mettrum Health reported its Q2, 2017 results. The company lost $1.9-million on revenue of $4.79-million, a 180 per cent topline increase over the $1.71-million the company posted in the same period a year prior.
“During the second quarter, we experienced solid growth in terms of sales and client acquisition,” said CEO Michael Haines. “We focused on capacity expansion, transitioned most of our operations to our newest facility and significantly improved operational efficiencies, which, while not evident in our Q2 results, are already driving improved margins and accelerating sales. Looking ahead to the balance of the fiscal year and beyond, our capacity to service the needs of our growing client base, combined with our ongoing expansion of Bowmanville South, leaves us very well positioned for continuous and sustainable growth within this accelerating medical cannabis market and prepared for the impending recreational cannabis market.”
In a research update to clients today, Gilmer maintained his “Speculative Buy” rating on Mettrum Health, but raised his one-year price target on the stock from $3.80 to $8.00, implying a return of 30 per cent at the time of publication. Gilmer explained the reasons for his price target raise in the face of a quarter that in some ways fell below his expectations.
“Mettrum's quarterly results were below our expectations however investors are less focused on current quarterly results,” says the analyst. “The current theme, in our view, is on the ability to expand and acquisition of patients. While we found the results disappointing, we were encouraged by the company's acquisition of Apollo. Adding 5,400 potential patients will help fuel demand growth as the company builds expanded capacity. The interest in the marijuana space has hit new highs recently with all of the publicly traded names rising to new highs. Investors are clearly valuing the companies based on future growth and earnings potential in a recreational market. As a result, we have published our F2019 estimates and have moved our valuation period to F2019 (from F2018). We now value Mettrum using a 12x multiple on our F2019 EBITDA estimate.”
Gilmer believes Mettrum Health will generate EBITDA of negative $2.5-million on a topline of $22.5-million in fiscal 2017. He expects these numbers will improve to EBITDA of $14.4-million on revenue of $53.8-million the following year.
An audience with God
Godkillthemall with NS
He shot to stardom with exceptional performances with Moscow 5. GosuGamers speaks with none other than Sergey 'God' Bragin, about his experience at "The International" and the sensational new signings for Moscow 5.
“ I think it was a fair win, because they were much better prepared as compared to us. ”
“ We got about 20 hours of team training, yet some of their players haven't played even that amount of time solo ”
“ Europe really needs strong competition between teams and these guys are one of best. ”
Kai “Treble1999” Chua RGC/GGC Nick: MOLOelseGTFO Gosucrew Junior Editor DotA Feel free to PM me with news tips, or anything you would like me to post Favourite Heroes: [hero]Shadow Shaman[/hero][hero]Ancient Apparition[/hero][hero]Sand King[/hero][hero]Night Stalker[/hero] Players: Fear, G, NS, X!!, BurNing, MiSeRY- Its better to burn out than to fade away
"Thanks, though result was disappointing to us. We were mentally prepared for tournament as individuals but we did not do enough preparation as a team. 20 hours of team training is not enough to become champions. We were not able to finalise some of our strategies and our play-style before event, thus we were constantly switching heroes and strategies during games. Towards the end of the tournament we lost ourselves and forgot what we were good at.As for the trip I really enjoyed it. Going anywhere with a group of ordinary russian guys who like to drink is in itself already an adventure. However, I have to say the most memorable moments of any trip for us are always the parties after the tournament.""In that game we encountered some issues with wards, we had a gem but couldn't see any wards. They had wards on all the routes we took when we attempted some ganks. It is a bug, but "a game is a game". We were trying to kill someone between the 15 to 20 minute marks but they had wards on many spots and were able to see all our movements.I'm not trying to say that we would have won 100 % without this bug, but it would become just like any other game. It was an easy game for EHOME, they managed to spot us and were able to farm without any deaths, while we were raging as we couldn't understand how they do it. Anyway I respect EHOME and in the end I think it was a fair win, because they were much better prepared as compared to us.""This victory showed us that Na`Vi were prepared for this tournament better than any other teams, nothing more. I think Chinese teams didn't show their best perfomance. We got about 20 hours of team training, yet some of their players haven't played even that amount of time solo.""The decision to bring them in was made after much consideration. They are 2 players who don't need any introduction, we are sure that they will fit in well in Moscow Five.""Haha, yes, I think pgg is the best vodka drinker in our team for now. However I think someone will try to beat him and take this title, so if I were in pgg's place I wouldn't relax.""Based on the information that I have they have strong reasons for disbanding. I didn't talk to any of them about it, so I am unable to give you more information. I hope they will continue playing DotA, Europe really needs strong competition between teams and these guys are one of best.""We are going to attend all possible LAN events including WDC and SMM. We will get to that but first of all we are concentrating now on finding our game style. We don't care about other teams for now, we are trying to improve ourselves.""Shoutout to my DotA friends, Moscow Five and Anton Shostak, who helped us very much during Gamescom. By the way I created page on facebook, where I am going to update information about M5.DOTA upcoming events and games: Have Fun." Facebook - G's Facebook Page
We were recently asked by a reader what was involved in installing a 12-volt PowerPoint capable of powering a GPS unit on a motorcycle. The answer is less than $20 in parts, a half-hour to spare, a bit of knowledge about how bikes generate electricity and an idea of how devices like GPS units, cell phones, media players, etc. use it.
We've rigged a number of 12-volt power adapters on various bikes using everything from $3.99 lighter adapters from the auto parts store (photo: right) to relatively expensive marine grade adapters (photo: center) to bike specific units with handlebar mounts and a wiring harness (photo: left). They'll all work just fine and the choice of which to use comes down to time, inclination and the desire (or lack thereof) to build a wiring harness and engineer a mount.
For our CRF450X we chose the Trackside Universal 12 Volt Power Adapter, recommended to us by reader Jimmy Stocker, available at We've rigged a number of 12-volt power adapters on various bikes using everything from $3.99 lighter adapters from the auto parts store (photo: right) to relatively expensive marine grade adapters (photo: center) to bike specific units with handlebar mounts and a wiring harness (photo: left). They'll all work just fine and the choice of which to use comes down to time, inclination and the desire (or lack thereof) to build a wiring harness and engineer a mount.For our CRF450X we chose the Trackside Universal 12 Volt Power Adapter, recommended to us by reader Jimmy Stocker, available at cyclegear.com . We chose this unit because it comes with a wiring harness and a handlebar mount for less than $20. We mounted our Trackside Adapter on the frame of our 8" HID
This entire installation took a grand total of 30 minutes, 10 of which was spent looking for a small screw we dropped that rolled underneath the bike lift. race light where it's out of the way and wired the spades on the other end of the harness to the hot side of our light switch and a frame ground. Since our lighting system is DC HID this connection is the same as hooking the adapter directly to the battery.This entire installation took a grand total of 30 minutes, 10 of which was spent looking for a small screw we dropped that rolled underneath the bike lift.
You just saw The Force Awakens and want more next-gen Star Wars. Well, you're going to get more. A lot more. Regularly and steadily, for many years to come. But when, specifically, will each new title be released? Below is Disney's not-quite-top-secret plan. Obviously, these dates are subject to change. Thankfully, no Bothans died to bring us this information …
Director: Gareth Edwards
Written by: Gary Whitta and Chris Weitz
Starring: Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Riz Ahmed, Ben Mendelsohn, Donnie Yen, Jiang Wen, Forest Whitaker, Mads Mikkelsen, and Alan Tudyk
Logline: Following the foundation of the Galactic Empire, a wayward band of Rebel fighters comes together to carry out a desperate mission: to steal the plans for the Death Star before it can be used to enforce the Emperor's rule.
Release: Dec. 16, 2016
(So, yes, a long full year. But given we had to wait a decade for The Force Awakens — or, depending on your feelings about the prequels, 32 years since Return of the Jedi — sitting back for just one year doesn't seem all that bad …)
RELATED: Star Wars: The Force Awakens: An Exclusive EW Gallery of New Photos
Written and directed by Rian Johnson
Starring: Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley, Oscar Isaac (reportedly)
Release: Dec. 15, 2017 (pushed back seven months from its original release date of May, 2017)
Logline: Unknown
(working title)
Directors: Phil Lord and Christopher Miller
Written by: Lawrence and Jon Kasdan
Starring: Not yet announced
Logline: How young Han Solo became the smuggler, thief, and scoundrel whom Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi first encountered in the cantina at Mos Eisley.
Release: May 25th, 2018
RELATED: Star Wars: The Force Awakens: A collection of cameos and Easter eggs
Director: Colin Trevorrow
Writer: Rian Johnson
Starring: Not yet announced
Logline: Unknown
Release: 2019
Director: Not yet announced
Writer: Not yet announced
Starring: Not yet announced
Logline: Unknown
Release: 2020 (reportedly)
So if all this goes according to plan, we'll get five-Star Wars films in four years … after getting “only” seven-Star Wars films over 38 years. Not bad!
This post has been updated with new release date information since its original publication.
A while back, I briefly worked for a startup that paid beans but offered some awesome perks, like laundry service and an onsite chef. Perks like these are becoming common, but many times, they're just an incentive to work longer hours.
CNBC recently called out these “perks” in a video report, saying many companies use them as a way to get employees to overwork. One expert told the BBC:
“This isn't because the companies are being generous,” said Gerald Ledford, senior research scientist at the Center for Effective Organizations at the University of Southern California's Marshall School of Business. “The purpose of most of these perks is to make it unnecessary for people to ever leave their desks.”
Advertisement
Of course, if the perks are worth it to you, that's one thing. Some of them are pretty sweet! But the ulterior motive is still something to consider, especially if you decide to take on a low-paying gig in exchange for cool benefits. There's often more to the perk than meets the eye.
The hidden motives behind workplace perks | BBC
Photo by Nathan.
My prepaid iPhone is locked to Verizon's prepaid services, but I use Verizon's prepaid service anyway. The iPhone SE is great and almost a steal for $199. This phone has most of the features of the 6s but in a more pocketable size. You can compare on Apple's site, but the only real differences I saw were no 3D touch, 1.2 MP vs 5 MP front facing camera, and it doesn't mention that it has the second-generation Touch ID (but I have no issues with using the Touch ID on this SE model). It also doesn't have the video stabilization feature the iPhone 6s Plus model has. The camera and video quality are excellent. This even has the capability to do 4K video. Verizon prepaid plan is the best overall choice for us. Additional lines can be added, good customer service, hotspot (another device like a laptop or tablet can use your phone's data plan where a certain amount of data is purchased each month), get the same data speeds as postpaid customers except during times of congestion whereas other prepaid carriers THROTTLE data speeds all the time, can use a reusable plastic refill swipe card (after the card is entered the first time, funds that are added to the refillable swipe card after that are automatically credited to the account), have user-friendly phone app, "always on data" (after data runs out, you at least have a very low-speed data suitable for the most basic tasks), Wi-Fi calling (this is where you can use Internet to make/receive calls where the signal may be poor), and high definition voice and video. Check around not all of the prepaid carriers offer these features. At the time I wrote this review, Verizon limits video streaming on their prepaid device to 480p. Many prepaid carriers do this, but since I have a limited amount of data each month, this should be MY choice. Also, unlocking this prepaid phone in the future even to use with Verizon's postpaid account could be an issue. I am a long-time postpaid customer, but really am glad I switched to Verizon's prepaid and that the iPhone SE was available at this low price. No worrying about additional charges or contracts any more.
Read more
The predominately Kurdish “People's Protection Units” (YPG) – in cooperation with the Free Syrian Army (FSA) – have made substantial strides in the besieged city of Kobane (‘Ayn Al-‘Arab) over the last 48 hours, capturing a number of strategic areas, while also killing scores of militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS).
Yesterday, in southeastern Kobane, the YPG successfully infiltrated ISIS defenses near the Shariah School; this would result in the YPG pushing the ISIS militants further south, while also taking control of 2 building blocks. The YPG reportedly killed 2 dozen ISIS militants and wounded another 13 in the process of sweeping through the Shariah School area.
After weeks of withstanding ISIS' relentless assault in eastern Kobane, the YPG countered with an offensive that was geared to retake Industrial Street (Sharaara' Al-Sina'a). The YPG was successful in this endeavor, capturing Souq Al-Haal and the entire area in the vicinity of Industrial Street. At least 30 ISIS fighters were killed during this battle, including a number of foreign fighters.
Advertisements
A 20-year-old man is charged with killing his girlfriend's toddler, and his mother was charged with helping him escape.
Keith Jordan Lambing, of Butler, Pennsylvania, the boyfriend of Mackenzie Peters, was charged with homicide and rape in the death of four-year-old Bentley Miller.
Lambing's mother, Kristen Herold, 43, was charged with child endangerment and hindering apprehension when police say she hid her son in the attic of an abandoned home in Butler to avoid police detection.
Keith Jordan Lambing (left) and his mother, Kristen Herold, were charged in connection with the murder of four-year-old Bentley Miller
Bentley Miller, above, died of blood loss from forced sodomy, said police, and he also had a severely burned hand and bruises all over his body
Both are being held in Butler County Prison.
The boy died of severe blood loss due to sodomy, a severe burn to his left hand, and bruises to the head, trunk and extremities, reported the Pittsburgh-Post Gazette. He also reportedly had previous injuries.
On March 21, police were called around 9:30am to a report of an unconscious child in a car at a business on Renaissance Drive in Butler. They found Bentley in the car with Herold.
Lambing appeared in court on Monday, he appeared to be crying
Asked by a reporter in the hallway of his hearing if he killed the boy, he replied 'No sir'
The boy's mother, Mackenzie Peters (pictured), was at work when police were called about the boy's condition
Herold told police she had picked the boy up at a Super 8 motel, where her son, Lambing, was staying with his girlfriend, Peters, and their four-month-old son. Miller was not Lambing's biological child.
Police say Herold had been in the process of taking the child to his biological father's house, despite the fact that he was bleeding. When he became unconscious, she pulled over and called police.
Police said Lambing was alone with the boy when he was assaulted.
The baby belonging to Peters (pictured) and Lambing has been placed in protective custody
Son and mother: Lambing and his mother, Herold, were both charged in connection with the boy's murder - Lambing is charged with aggravated indecent assault of a child and involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, and Herold is charged with aiding her son in hiding from police as well as child endangerment
The boy was rushed to Butler Memorial Hospital, but never regained consciousness. He was pronounced dead an hour later.
The boy's mother, Peters, was at work when police were called over the boy's condition, yet police said she may be charged in the future as well, though what charges are unclear, reported WTAE.
When police went looking for Lambing, they eventually found him the next day, hiding in an attic of an abandoned building, where his mother stashed him, say cops.
Lambing was already facing charges of burglary, criminal trespass, and conspiracy as well as terroristic threats and harassment, and had failed to show up for a court appointment the day before the boy's murder.
Herold had been arrested for retail theft in 2013 and had a bench warrant out for required payments as restitution.
The boy was allegedly sexually assaulted and beaten in this Super 8 in Butler, Pennsylvania, according to police, and later died at a hospital
Butler County District Attorney Richard Goldinger said he may seek the death penalty for Lambing.
'I have never seen anything like it in 22 years as an attorney,' he told WTAE. 'It's horrific. It's unimaginable that somebody could actually do this to any human being let alone a 4-year-old.'
Lambing appeared in court on Monday. When a reporter asked if he'd killed Bentley, he cried and said 'No, sir,' according to video shown on WTAE.
The prosecutor said Bentley had broken his arm two years ago, but officials found no evidence of abuse.
The baby belonging to Peters and Lambing has been placed in protective custody.
SAMCRO approved Sons of Anarchy characters ready to rock your world as action figures
Each comes with alternate hands and a knife
Knife fits into sheath (and into any action figures that get in their way)
We love that show. You know the one, with the little kids who play biker gang on their big wheels? Where they use imagination to find their way into different movies and stuff? What's it called? Oh, yeah: Sons of Anarchy Babies. Ok, so that doesn't exist, but it's being awesome, right? But to celebrate the real Sons of Anarchy, we bring you these Sons of Anarchy Action Figures.
Each of the Sons of Anarchy Action Figures comes with five points of articulation, some alternate hands, and a knife. The knife even fits into the sheath on the figure. Get the Ron Perlman figure you've always wanted... or the character who kills Ron Perlman and drives giant robots. Or get them both for a touching father/step-son reunion. Sons of Anarchy Action Figures are perfect for adding a bit of anti-hero to your action figure collection.
Product Specifications
The force will today unveil plans to train 800 extra officers to use the electrical firearm on top of the 600 already equipped to carry them, bringing the total to 1,400.
They will also upgrade to a newer model of the weapon capable of firing two separate 50,000 volt shots without reloading.
It comes after what Chief Constable Dave Thompson described as the ‘deadly and determined threats' facing unarmed officers and cited recent terror attacks.
Speaking at a public consultation, he said: “We have seen recent events, particularly in the UK's changing security landscape, where we have seen unarmed officers facing deadly and determined threats.
“We have seen it very recently with the death of Keith Palmer guarding the gates of Parliament – but also in the London Bridge attack we again saw the injuries inflicted on a British Transport Police officer.
“So there is a context at the moment where, both in terms of protection of our officers but also our ability to intervene and protect the public, we are having to strike that balance to say do we have the balance right at the moment?
“There is a big debate about the real challenges that an unarmed police service faces in the current threats and our need to ensure we can protect the public as well as our officers.”
The force will move from the current X26 Taser to the newer X2 model, which has been in use in the US since 2011.
Advertising
The X2 model allows two separate shots to be fired in quick succession. The X26 has a 60 per cent failure rate when being fired for the first time and takes around five seconds to manually reload with a new cartridge to fire a second shot.
It has two lasers and a larger 11.6mm electric barb, up from 9mm on the older version. This means it is more accurate and effective at attaching itself to the target and delivers a more effective shock.
Enhanced digital technology means more data can be recorded from the X2 and it is hoped it will link with body-worn cameras which are being rolled out to officers.
The new model was approved by the Home Secretary Amber Rudd earlier this year.
Advertising
Temporary Inspector Chris Coughlin, the force's deputy chief firearms instructor, said: “There has been a load of research done around why and how we should do this. It comes down to assessing the current threat and crime hotspots – the busy areas.
“Roughly at the moment we have around 600 Taser officers trained, some of those are firearms officers – some are specialist Taser officers. We are looking at an uplift in the region of another 800 on top of that.
“Alongside that there is a training programme to enable us to do that.”
Training for new officers takes 18 hours over three days. Those already trained on the X26 Taser who will convert to the X2 will undertake two days of training. All Taser-trained officers carry out refresher training of six hours every year.
Mr Thompson said: “A very small proportion of our officers are armed and that is something we think is very important that continues.”
Temp Insp Couglin added: “Over the last three years, Taser use is pretty much the same. What we have noticed is that the use of firing is steadily reducing. Roughly about 20 per cent of the time we use it, we are firing it.”
In 2016, West Midlands Police officers deployed Tasers on 854 occasions but only fired them 162 times.
Ex-Villa legend Dalian Atkinson died after being shot with a Taser in Telford by West Mercia Police last year.
PC Keith Palmer was stabbed at the gates of the Houses of Parliament by Midlands terrorist Khalid Masood in March.
I've recently started researching and planning a series of three novels based on a very specific period of about 30 years in Egypt's ancient history. I haven't written a book like this before. While I have read quite a lot of historical fiction and I know what I like, I don't really know what other readers of the genre like.
As an author, my foremost goal is to create stories that people love. In order to do that, I need to know what it is that makes a historical fantasy book sing.
About the book
Before we go much further, let me share a few basic points of the setting and plot of this story.
It is set in the Second Intermediary Period, a time of division in the great lands of the Nile. The Lower Nile (the delta and northern sections of the river) was under the control of a group of Canaanite rulers who imitated the Egyptian Pharaohs and blocked their trade routes. The Upper Nile (the southern section of the river) was ruled by Kush, these two groups had a strong alliance.
Stuck between the Hyksos and Kush sat the 17th Dynasty, ruled by Pharaoh Seqenenre Tao. Tao was deeply unhappy with his position, he saw the Hyksos and Kushites as inferior to him, and insults flung at him did not help.
One day he received a letter from Apopi, the Hyksos king, demanding that he “suppress” the hipopotamus pools in Thebes (the seat of the 17th Dynasty) because they made a lot of noise and kept Apopi awake at night. This was a terrible insult. The hippopotamuses were an important part of the ritual life of the Egyptians and Avaris, the Hyksos capital city, was more than 400 miles away.
Tao started a military campaign against the Hyksos, cutting off their trade with Kush and attacking their villages.
Tao and his two sons waged a multi-generational war against the Hyksos and Kush and eventually, after 30 years, Ahmose managed to drive the foreign rulers out of Egypt and heralded in the period of growth and power known as the New Kingdom. I plan to write one book covering the reign of each Pharaoh.
This is where you come in
I need some feedback.
Does this sound like an interesting book? Would you read it?
Would you prefer if I stuck closer to history, or if I used a little license to embellish the story?
Would you prefer one viewpoint character per book or multiple?
Ancient Egypt is a magical realm, would fantasy elements be out of place in a historical novel? Not dragons and fairies, mind you. I'm thinking curses that work, Gods that can effect the mortal world, that kind of thing.
Please feel free to give me your thoughts, here in the comments, or via email (angela dot meadon at gmail dot com), or any other way that you know how to contact me. All opinions will be considered, but might not be used.
Thank you for your time.
Image copyright EPA Image caption German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel met his Qatari counterpart in northern Germany
Germany has called for diplomatic efforts to resolve a growing crisis over Qatar, which is accused by four Arab neighbours of funding terrorism.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Egypt and Bahrain cut travel and diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday.
Speaking after hosting his Qatari counterpart on Friday, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel called for the "sea and air blockades" to be lifted.
The Qataris deny accusations that they support Islamist extremists.
Ever since the dispute between Qatar and its neighbours erupted, Germany has pushed for a diplomatic solution.
Mr Gabriel met Saudi Foreign Minister Adil al-Ahmad al-Jubayr two days ago, and said all parties were seeking "to avoid further escalation".
Then on Friday, Mr Gabriel spoke to Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani in the northern German town of Wolfenbuettel.
"We are convinced that now is the hour of diplomacy and we must talk to each other; along with our American colleagues but above all our colleagues in the region, we must try to find solutions, especially lifting the sea and air blockades," he told reporters afterwards.
US President Donald Trump discussed Qatar and the need for Gulf unity with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Friday.
Earlier in the week he spoke to Saudi Arabia's King Salman.
However, Mr Trump had earlier claimed credit for the pressure placed on Qatar, saying his recent visit to Saudi Arabia was "already paying off".
The emir of Kuwait is trying to mediate the row, carrying out shuttle diplomacy between Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
'No surrender'
Also on Friday, Saudi Arabia and its three allies issued a list of 49 people - including Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Yusuf al-Qaradawi - and 12 Qatar-backed charities and groups accused of links with militants.
Qatar responded by saying that the list reinforced "baseless allegations".
He also called the moves against Qatar "violations of international law and international humanitarian law".
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Saudi Arabia and several other Arab states have suspended flights to and from Qatar
On Thursday, Qatar's Sheikh Mohammed said his country had been isolated "because we are successful and progressive" and called his country "a platform for peace not terrorism".
He added: "We are not ready to surrender, and will never be ready to surrender, the independence of our foreign policy."
Qatar is heavily dependent on food imports and the crisis has led to stockpiling and shortages.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The economic disruption could have an impact on Qatar if the dispute drags on
Saudi Arabia has said Qatar needs to cut ties with the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas in the Gaza Strip, and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, if it wanted to end its isolation.
Qatar is home to the biggest American airbase in the region.
Jacqueline Nguyen confirmed for 9th Circuit court SAN FRANCISCO
The Senate on Monday confirmed President Obama's nomination of Judge Jacqueline Nguyen to the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, where she will become the first Vietnamese American and first Asian-Pacific woman to serve on a federal appeals court.
The vote was 91-3. Nguyen, 46, is a former federal prosecutor and Superior Court judge who was appointed by Obama in 2009 to the U.S. District Court in Los Angeles.
The daughter of a South Vietnamese army officer, she fled Vietnam with her family in 1975. She helped her mother clean dental offices and worked at family doughnut shops in Los Angeles before winning a scholarship at Occidental College and attending UCLA Law School.
Nguyen is Obama's third appointee to the Ninth Circuit, the nation's largest federal appeals court.
Shortly after Cal and Hawaii kicked off the 2016 college football season in Sydney, Australia, the Pac-12 announced it has agreed to a multiyear partnership with Fox Sports Australia to televise football and men's basketball games.
The Australian television network will show 13 football games and 21 basketball games annually, utilizing a Game of the Week format.
"We are excited to bring the best of Pac-12 football and basketball to the sports fans in Australia," Pac-12 commissioner Larry Scott said in a statement. "As our universities continue to operate in an ever-changing globalized world, we see great value in distributing our content globally as a way to showcase our academic and athletic excellence."
The Pac-12 Networks will produce the coverage, and Fox Sports Australia will also carry episodes of the conference network's show "The Drive," which is similar to HBO's Hard Knocks. According to the release, the Pac-12 Networks distribute content to more than 200 countries via YouTube, EverSport and LeSports in China.
As has been the case since its launch in 2012, the Pac-12 Networks remain unavailable on DirecTV.
South-east Asian archipelago Indonesia is a land of wonders as it gradually opens up a vast treasure of natural beauty. In addition you will hardly find any place else where such a rich culture and religion (or I must say a philosophy) are intertwined to personify in people's day-to-day life. Easy going life, serene nature, sumptuous Indonesian cuisines, rich history and culture- you get a whole package in a chip called ‘Indonesia'. Among these there is a less known trip but which is gradually gaining a huge popularity called ‘Volcano Adventure Trip'. As Indonesia is located upon high seismic and volcanic activities so the scopes for organising volcanic adventure trips are huge. I am going to delve upon a similar one now.
http://bit.ly/1m7eWMp
You will wonder to know that Indonesia falls within a zone which is one of the most active ones in respect of tectonic activities. In fact there are over 150 active volcanoes in the region. 2004 Tsunami's devastating effects are still fresh in local people's mind. Among more than 14,000 islands included within the territory of Indonesia Java is the biggest and most poplous. Java is the home to many active volcanoes. One thing that these volcano trips ensure is a package of astonishing plus breathtaking views. Yes these can be your once in a lifetime moment.
East Java and its volcanoes
Trekking trails that lead upto extinct or dormant or active volcanoes are a bundle of outstanding scenes. East Java is a popular region for such trips and the more frequent ones reach at Mt. Merapi, Mt. Semeru and Mt. Bromo. Added bonanza along with the thrill of exploring a volcano are quaint villages, typical rainforests of South-east Asia and mountainous lakes on the way to summit.
Indonasian volcano treks are obviously a treat for seasoned as well as first time trekkers. Usually Java island volcano treks start from its capital city of Surabaya as its good connectivity with Bali Island, the other major region of the country.
Trip to Mt. Semeru
The trip begins from Surabaya from where you reach to Ranu Pani (a two hour trip) which is the nearest base camp to Mt. Semeru. From here you begin your trek and after some time you reach to the mountainous lake namely Ranu Kumbolo. As I said before on the way you will see some views which could be your once in lifetime moments. Amazingly stunning waterbody surrounded with skyhigh mountains carpeted with lush green tropical forests. Scenic trail is a great gift for photography enthusiasts.
http://bit.ly/1QHbXag
In view of difficulty quotient the hike to Mt. Semeru located at 12,000 ft over sea level is a moderate one for people of age more than 15 years and leading an average fit life. I would suggest you to visit this place before sunrise as this makes options to experience one of the most beautiful sunrises on earth. This is one of the steepest points of the country and offers wonderful views.
Trip to Mt. Bromo
Indonesia's Mount Bromo is located at one of the most scenic sites of the country. Place is a dusty one something like post-apocalyptic site. The volcano is still smoking and located at a wind swept place, amidst a Sea of Sand. The nearby small village does witness some of the best views as a blanket of fog covers the place every morning. This fog is created at the edge of the crater called Cemoro Lawang. This outstanding view can be seen through neighbouring Mt. Penanjakan, reached by jeep.
In the evening some spectacular views develop through jeep headlights that move through the downward jungle. Under the veil of mist orange glows emerge that are made of the light of the vehicles. No doubt this is one of the rarest views on earth.
It is best to reach here in early morning so you need to begin your journey at 23:00 or 24:00 hour. Otherwise you can stay overnight at hotels in Prigen. To reach the bottom of crater you can hire in ponies that take you through the Sea of Sand.
Trip to Mt. Merapi
Locally Mt. Merapi is called ‘Fire Mountain' a translation of ‘Gunung Merapi'. Awesome setting of the crater has given rise to many Javanese legends and some locales may warn you to ask for forgiveness to the Volcano Spirit as you are entering its territory.
Your journey begins from the village of Selo located at its northern side. Selo is connected to cities of Yogyakarta and Solo by bus. Food and accommodation are avaialable at village homestays. Don't forget to keep drinking water in possession as there is no water along the whole trail.
http://bit.ly/1U6qcmL
Just like Mt. Bromo, trek to Mt. Merapi also begins after midnight so to reach the summit before sunrise. In the scale of difficulty quotient the trail is a bit challenging with ground changing at every turn. Starting with dust to rocks then to loose rocks you need to be cautious at every step. Lots of energy is required to cover the trek.
Volcano trekking trips are best diets for adventure lovers. To know more about trekking please visit our travel adventure section.
Header Source: http://bit.ly/1PlRyUP
Share the joy
By Tauqeer Jalal In July 3, 2014 On Freebies, Inspiration, Web designs 6293 Views
20 Flares 20 Flares ×
We always want to share good and free stuff with our users today we are sharing with you 70 Plus Fresh Free PSD Web Templates which are free to download with it's free PSD files you can easily edit or manage these templates according to your site style and colors . This is the huge list which we have gathered for your inspirations .
These web templates are high quality and design by professional designers you can check the list of free web templates and download the one which you like most and use in your projects or your personal websites or portfolio .
Appmo – One-Page App Landing Page
Download
Bicycle – Free OnePage PSD Template
Download
Hideo – Website Template PSD
Download
Free PSD eCommerce Website Template
Download
Free Website Template PSD
Download
Yaya – Creative Studio Onepage Template
Download
Blogin Free PSD Blog Template
Download
High-quality E commerce PSD
Download
Free PSD Web Template – AppLander
Download
Portfolio Website Template PSD
Download
Blogify PSD Template
Download
Brightastic – Free Website PSD One-Page Template
Download
REEN Creative Portfolio Template PSD
Download
Agency / Business Website Template PSD
Download
Quarantie – Free PSD Template
Download
Uihero – Free PSD Website Template
Download
Online Store Web Design PSD
Download
Focal Resume PSD Template
Download
TwoBytes – Free PSD Website Template
Download
Optimo – Free Responsive Web Template PSD
Download
StarsTouch – Free Web Template
Download
Application Landing Page Template PSD
Download
John Doe – Free One Page PSD
Download
Voyage – Free Travel Template PSD
Download
Coorp – Free PSD Template
Download
Free Fashion PSD Template
Download
Infusion – Free Website Template
Download
Luca – Free Modern Website PSD Template
Download
Use This – single Page PSD Template
Download
My kingdom – One Page PSD Template
Download
Underwater PSD Template
Download
Orion – Free PSD Template
Download
Geeko – Free Website Template
Download
Free PSD Template
Download
BridgeTech Fitness Template PSD
Download
FooseShoes – E commerce PSD
Download
Variety – Free PSD Website Template
Download
Harbour – Free PSD Website Template
Download
Freebers – Free Web Template
Download
Suthri – Website PSD Template
Download
Motion – Single Page PSD Web Template
Download
One-Page Portfolio PSD Template
Download
SEasy Theme Template
Download
Free PSD Template for Food and Restaurant Website
Download
Appshow Free PSD
Download
Workers striking at fast-food restaurants and Walmart stores around the country are seeking more than better wages and working conditions for themselves. Their mission could yield benefits that would flow to virtually everyone in the American economy, which, despite modest improvements, still suffers from a critical shortage of decent paychecks.
We ought to be cheering on these striking workers, because they are pressing to secure what would amount to a dose of private-sector economic stimulus at a time when the government has proven wholly incapable of delivering a meaningful jolt. If these workers earn more money, they will spend it and spur economic growth.
Ever since President Barack Obama took office, Republicans have been monkey-wrenching the economy in a failed effort to parlay American pain into angry votes for Mitt Romney. With next year's midterm elections in its sights, the GOP is now redoubling on this cynical strategy, serving up a traditional offering of filibuster threats alongside a newly fortified helping of scandal-mongering to ensure that Washington is so dysfunctional that it can't agree on any spending -- not to hire teachers and cops, not to pay for social safety net programs, not for practically anything.
On its surface, the broadening labor movement among the lowest-paid ranks of the American workplace is a narrow development. People who make as little as $7.25 an hour are merely seeking to better their lot. Many of these people stocking aisles at big-box retail stores and squeezing ketchup onto hamburger patties at fast-food restaurants work full time, yet earn so little that they are poor by any official or commonsense standard. They cannot afford groceries or car payments, let alone pay for health care or support families.
My colleague Saki Knafo recently profiled a 22-year-old man whose job at a KFC in New York City pays so little that he relies on infusions of cash from a grandmother in Ecuador who earns her living operating a roadside restaurant in that country. Here is a potent challenge to the much-mythologized American Dream: The people who have stayed behind in a poor Latin American country sustaining those who left to better themselves in the supposed land of unlimited opportunity.
That grandmother in Ecuador has a good deal of company on the list of those whose sweat equity is being siphoned off as a subsidy for billion-dollar mega-corporations paying poverty-level wages. American taxpayers enable Walmart, Target, McDonald's and KFC to continue to find ample numbers of people willing to labor in their stores despite paying wages too low to finance nourishment or health care. These subsidies come via food stamps and Medicaid, the government health insurance for the poor.
These realities alone are enough to fuel hopes that the strikers get a bump in their earnings big enough to relieve them from the desperation that colors many of their lives. But a more self-interested reason ought to prompt virtually everyone to see their fortunes as aligned with those of the striking workers: Given the poisonous dynamic entrenched in Washington, the prospect that government will marshal a meaningful effort to spur economic growth is approximately as likely as mayoral aspirant Anthony Weiner posing naked in Playgirl Magazine.
Not only does the obstructionist GOP continues to embrace wrong-headed austerity as the curative for economic weakness, now Republicans are intent on ensuring that Obamacare winds up as a disaster, hoping to harvest the bitter votes that failed to materialize in large enough numbers for Romney. This is not only immoral -- depriving health care from tens of millions of people who would otherwise receive it under Obamacare -- but also bad economic policy: When poor people worry about their access to health care, they cut back on spending in other areas, further weakening the economy.
Against this sorry backdrop, the fast-food and Walmart workers angling for better wages present a potentially important element. For better or worse, they are the face of an increasingly enormous slice of the American labor market.
More than half of the jobs wiped out in the course of the Great Recession were concentrated within so-called mid-wage jobs, which pay anywhere between $14 and $21 an hour, according to a report from the National Employment Law Project, an advocacy and research organization. Fewer than 1 in 4 of the new jobs created since have been within those ranks. Low-wage jobs -- those paying $7 to $13 an hour -- saw far smaller losses during the recession, and have accounted for more than half of the job growth as of last summer.
If workers now earning $8 an hour inside warehouses or at fast-food counters manage to get more pay, they are not going to hide the extra money in the Cayman Islands or leave it to their heirs via elaborate trusts. They will go out and spend it almost immediately, boosting their local economies.
They will distribute their dollars at grocery stores, generating additional demand for agribusiness and the truck drivers who haul the crop to stores. They will leave their funds at hardware stores, as they address long-ignored problems in their homes; or they will perhaps hire carpenters and plumbers and electricians to do the work, enabling these professionals to buy trucks and add more workers. This additional commerce will shore up state and city coffers, enabling hard-hit school districts to add teachers to alleviate crowding.
In short, lifting the fortunes of the lowest-paid workers will improve the economy for virtually everyone.
As large areas of Texas continue to battle the horrible aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, President Trump's daughter, Ivanka, offered prayers and praise for the people of the Lone Star State:
As we pray for those affected by #HurricaneHarvey, let us also honor all of the brave heroes and first responders. #HoustonStrong pic.twitter.com/fsQyR06Zxf — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 28, 2017
Ivanka Trump's sentiment received a fair amount of positive response, but it was buried in an avalanche of hate, ironically from many who accuse the Trumps of hate:
Maybe if your Dad spent money on saving Texas instead of building walls things there would go a little better! Greedy Trump family, no help! — Suzanne (@suzierebel) August 28, 2017
Kinda easy for you to say sitting in your mansion, sleeping in your $20,000 bed, and selling products you have manufactured in China. — Ed Krassenstein (@EdKrassen) August 28, 2017
Prayers are useless against science, you know. This is what climate change will bring. And worse. https://t.co/w16LEtamx5 — Gail Dosik (@THEToughCookie) August 28, 2017
What are YOU personally doing to help? https://t.co/7Woo4OOgjI — OmnipotentKiwi ? (@OmnipotentKiwi) August 28, 2017
i have been trying to make champagne popsicles to send the "survivors" but keep messing up. what's the secret? why do they all look so poor? https://t.co/o3ufC7HPHf — Frederick Douglass (@HITEXECUTIVE) August 28, 2017
Some of those brave heroes are Mexicans! You and your father would never honor them! While we pray your father is spewing hate and lies! — KHOPE99 (@kimberlyhope99) August 28, 2017
Step up Ivanka! Get down there. Get your hands dirty! HELP PEOPLE! Your talk is cheap. Let's see some action. Now! — Dennis (@butchdink) August 28, 2017
Take that $$ pledged for the wall and use it to help Texas, but you won't be the one to tell Daddy this because you are useless @IvankaTrump. https://t.co/bCWclIYVLJ — Amy Grimm (@AGRIMMONE) August 28, 2017
what the heck is your dad doing absolutely nothing, goes to camp david instead of staying at the White House shame on you — denise (@jacquetdenise) August 28, 2017
Too bad the [email protected] will must go to Houston and the families that are hurting instead of building hate. — Deej DeLorenzo (@Deejdelo) August 28, 2017
Don't let the negativity bum you out, princess. I'm sure you have on cute shoes. — Michael McLaughlin (@mp_mclaughlin) August 28, 2017
Mexico helped us with Katrina. They've offered to help now with Harvey. Still think a wall is a good idea? — Pat55 (@ThisIsPat55) August 28, 2017
Prayers aren't helping. If you want to impress us go to Houston and get your hands dirty and your feet wet. — Arcadia Doors (@outthisbitch) August 28, 2017
This is coming from someone who's never lifted a finger for anyone except maybe her middle to the working class and her sweatshop slaves… — Eric Schweig (@Sagganna1) August 28, 2017
You cannot make up for your father's mistakes. Don't even try with words meant to pacify. Now…if you are able to #stoptrump please do — WakeUpLilSuzie (@SSueh2222) August 28, 2017
***
Related:
Vilest of the VILE: Here are the 10 most awful, HATEFUL political takes on Houston (so far!)
Wait, WAT? SJWs attack Ivanka Trump for condemning racism and neo-Nazis after #Charlottesville
‘But, but, but…handmaiden!' Joan Walsh has a BIG problem with Ivanka Trump's G20 dress
30K RTs, and counting: This tweet from a CNN contributor on Ivanka Trump is the definition of ‘fake news'
With the Kremlin labeling the West an enemy, the country's militaristic spirit -- subdued after the fall of the Iron Curtain – seems to be getting a second wind.
In the Soviet Union, February 23rd has traditionally been celebrated as the Soviet Army and Navy day. After the end of the cold war and the dissolution of the USSR, the holiday was renamed ‘Defender of the Fatherland' day. It was gradually losing its military flavor and by inertia continued to be celebrated in the post-Soviet countries as a festive occasion for women and girls to honor the entire male population – husbands, fathers, classmates – regardless of whether they had anything to do with the military.
This year, Russia stepped up its nationalistic and patriotic efforts and the Army day was marked by the return of military glory. The holiday is gaining its original purpose: to promote the servicemen and the army. Russia – according to its people and leadership – has reinvented its status as a great state that is in danger with plenty of enemies, from the U.S. to Europe to Ukraine.
The Army Day is celebrated with special broadcasts on major TV channels, events honoring veterans, and activities involving children getting acquainted with firearms.
While there is nothing wrong with the country's desire to have a strong army and honor servicemen, much of what's going on in Russia today – from pre-school education to slogans in public rallies – resembles the Soviet Union of old, when the possibility of war and preparedness to attack the enemy was part of people's daily lives.
This past weekend, during a big Anti-Maidan rally – a Kremlin-approved mass demonstration against any hint of revolutionary sentiment in Russia – a fake ballistic missile was paraded in the heart of Moscow that read “to be personally delivered to Obama.”
The rally was to mark a year since Ukraine's ousting of its corrupt president Viktor Yanukovych. Kremlin propaganda, however, presented the milestone to Russian citizens as “the one-year anniversary of the U.S.-backed fascist coup in Ukraine.” It's a characterization many Russians embrace.
Despite Barak Obama's diplomatic efforts and the West's reluctance to get actively involved in the confrontation with Russia since the crisis in Ukraine began a year ago, anti-American sentiment in Russia is on the rise. Latest polls show that about 80% of Russians have a negative attitude toward the U.S., the highest number since the collapse of the Soviet Union, according to Levada-center.
The military vibe seems to be ubiquitous and reaches the youngest Russians, as evident in the following photo, claimed to have been taken by a parent during a ‘Rebel' day organized in one of the St. Petersburg's kindergarten classes sometime around the Army Day.
While Russia gets energized on its military spirit and reinforces the holiday and symbols of the past – whitewashing the image of Stalin, omitting the crimes of the communist regime from children's history books – its neighboring countries, previously quite ambiguous about the Soviet past, are shifting away.
Ukraine, under attack from Russian forces in the east, has rejected the Soviet holiday routine. The president of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, has announced that the official Defender's Day has been moved to October 14th – to Pokrov Day (the holiday of the Mother of God celebrated by the Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine Catholic Churches) honored by Ukrainian Cossacks.
Belarus, another post-Soviet country that continues to celebrate the holiday on February 23rd, alarmed by Russia's activities in Ukraine, has used the occasion to warn that its army is prepared to defend its independence and sovereignty. “Our armed forces are ready to respond to any challenges and threats,” said the president of Belarus Alexandr Lukashenko. Given his previous condemnation of Russia's aggression, he's probably not referring to attacks from the West.
Alert: This post contains major plot points in the Game of Thrones season 6 finale …
And just like that, a new ruler has ascended to the Iron Throne.
After a stunning series of violent events in the Game of Thrones season 6 finale, “The Winds of Winter,” Cersei Lannister is now the queen of Westeros — and not merely the queen (there have been many queens, obviously, including Cersei, in supporting roles alongside their king) — but rather Cersei is the first female ruler of the Seven Kingdoms. It's a precedent Daenerys Targaryen expected to set herself, and comes at a steep price after her last remaining child, Tommen, killed himself in reaction to his mother blowing up his wife alongside the rest of her enemies.
EW spoke to star and Emmy nominee Lena Headey about Cersei's unexpected promotion that dramatically shakes up the game in Westeros for season 7. Previously, Headey teased that this is Cersei's “most interesting season,” which turned out to be correct. What was her reaction to the plot twists? And how does Headey think Cersei will fare with Dany setting sail to come after her newly acquired throne? Read on…
Entertainment Weekly: So. Maggy the Frog was right.
Lena Headey: Yes, the prophecy finally comes true. Which is horrible. Yet at the same time, she has her greatest moment of triumph. She gets rid of all her enemies, that she knows of anyway. Then there's that moment where she goes to see dead Tommen and she thinks, “Ah. Well. I'll [take the crown].” It's so wrong.
It's amazing, she wipes them out all at once.
I was grinning [reading the script]. Everyone is going to be aghast and thrilled and annoyed they're on Cersei's side for a minute.
And you took out Septa Unella, with some private time.
It's so filthy. It's so great. Everybody's witnessed what happened with the two of them. I don't think people will be able to help to go, “Yes!” But it's so depraved, it's brilliant. The scene was meant to be worse, but they couldn't do it. This is like the tame version. It's pretty bad still though. I'd take being exploded in the Sept over that any day.
What's so interesting is that Cersei has always wanted control, but she hasn't necessarily wanted the Iron Throne.
No.
She wanted power and security, but not the top seat in particular for herself. She probably didn't think it could ever happen.
Yeah. I think part of what happened to her, is a sense of “never again will anybody do anything to me that I don't want to happen.” This is the end of that.
The most frequently asked question actors on the show get is, “Who do you think will end up on the Iron Throne?” What was your reaction when you read the script and realized that it's Cersei, at least for now.
I couldn't believe it, obviously. I was really shocked. I read it like nine times, like, “You're joking!” Then I'm left to wonder who's going to take her down. She may only be there for a second. You do think, “What the f— comes next?” Then we start again to play that game we all play each season, “Who's going to be on the Iron Throne next?”
So your prediction is Cersei's not going to reign for very long?
No. Surely not! Not a chance in hell. It's a moment of punctuation in the madness.
The question of who's going to take her down seems to have an obvious answer at the end of the finale…
I got goosebumps reading, “The ships are coming.” They keep teasing us every season and I don't know what's going to happen because nobody tells you anything. I have to assume there's going to be one helluva battle. Who knows? It's such a mystery.
The arrival of Dany also raises the prospect of Cersei reuniting with Tyrion.
I'm as excited as anyone to get Cersei and Tyrion back together. It just works. Those two characters are so interesting because there's so much hate, yet slight respect too. They'd kill each other if ever given the chance.
People usually don't leave the Iron Throne alive, though. Does that have you concerned?
No. I've always said that when it happens, as long as it's kinda glorious and gory and it's by the right person…
And who is the right person?
I think it has to be Arya or Tyrion.
Yes, Tyrion would be interesting…
No one would relish her death as much as he would.
Plus you'd love to do that scene with Peter.
Love. Maybe we could have a dying kiss or something.
READ MORE: Natalie Dormer on her explosive finale exit. Our deep-dive recap with our thoughts. A breakdown of that Tower of Joy revelation. Star Emilia Clarke makes her bold season 7 predictions. Actor Finn Jones on Ser Loras' sad fate. Director Miguel Sapochnik breaking down that opening sequence. Maisie Williams reveals who Arya should kill next. And don't forget to subscribe to our Game of Thrones Weekly podcast (New episode posted below)!
Facebook removed this picture.
Psst, it's a BABY, not a boob.One of my favorite breastfeeding support groups, The Leaky B@@b, was removed from Facebook last week. It went back up that evening, and we cheered. Then it was pulled down again. Right as we all started to freak out, it was back up again! So far so good. *crossing my fingers*
Facebook says, "It was a mistake."
Just this week, a natural childbirth photographer, breastfeeding support groups, and individual moms' pages were taken down. Seriously, what is going on, Facebook?!
It's no secret that some people have problems seeing a woman breastfeeding -- in person or in photos. My friend Melanie and fellow writer for one of my personal blogs had a nursing picture collage deleted this week. Sadly, her profile is private, meaning it could have only been reported by someone on her list marked as a "friend." The only nipple visible in the pictures is that of her baby's. Ooh, so damn scandalous.
Other moms have been given no warning and suddenly had their accounts deleted entirely over one breastfeeding picture. The "Bring Back Miriam Berlow Jackson," "BRING KARI BUNDY BACK," and "Bring back Holly Marie Stewart" pages are just that -- moms who lost their whole accounts over a single picture someone flagged as offensive and was deemed obscene by Facebook.
Bring Back Denver Doula is dedicated to restoring the profile of a doula who lost her page, with the same form message that The Leaky B@@b received. ~Bring Back Earthly Motherhood!~ is in support of an Australian community of support for naturally-minded moms. Again, same form letter.
The inconsistency is mind-boggling. Some women and groups have had tons of pictures deleted, and occasionally they DO break Facebook's terms ... but not often. But then they turn around and delete the entire accounts of women who were not breaking the written rules? How can we follow the rules if they don't follow them?
The Leaky B@@b, by the way, was only restored after Jessica Martin-Webber went on the news and spoke about the issue. In another case, that of Laura Eckert, a birth photographer, the news also picked up the story and again was told, "Oops, it was an accident."
In response to The Leaky B@@b's coverage, a Facebook rep said:
Our reviewers look at tens of thousands of pieces of content a day that are reported to them and take action according to our policies, which are designed to ensure Facebook remains a safe and trusted environment for everyone, including the many children (under the age of 13) who use the service. Of course, we make an occasional mistake. This is an example. When this happens, and it's brought to our attention, we work quickly to resolve the issue. In this case, we restored the Page and reactivated the accounts of the people who were impacted. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this mistake caused.
Side note: Kids under 13 aren't allowed on Facebook, they meant "over 13." How come The Leaky B@@b page went down, back up, down again, back up again, and suddenly other similar accounts entirely are dropping like flies, but borderline-pornographic pages and pictures that still meet the terms by the skin of their teeth don't disappear even after being reported? I'd much prefer the teen crowd see babies being fed naturally than sexual images on the screen. Or, you know, having my kid see something like this, which IS acceptable by Facebook, and unlike many women's profiles, is actually viewable to the public, from one of the many, MANY groups dedicated to big boobs:
Sorry, just not quite grasping this ... this picture, belonging to Emma Kwasnica, founder of Eats on Feets, was offensive enough to remove?
All I can figure is their folks must spend so much time focused on looking at the porn that gets reported that they delete anything that doesn't get them their jollies.
By the way, if you've gone on a "reporting" rampage, trying to report anything you find offensive but that still doesn't break the terms, don't. It doesn't help anything, and is yet another report on something that might not be everyone's ideal picture, but is still allowed under their rules. Don't stoop to that level.
Do you think this is merely mistake and coincidence, or there really is a huge issue with Facebook and breastfeeding moms?
Images via Woman Uncensored, Facebook, Girls with big breasts, Emma Kwasnica
Dan Henderson's name came up with regularity during the speculation over the UFC on Fox main event. Many fans and media members felt that a bout between Hendo and Mauricio Rua would be a solid fight to headline the UFC's first network TV effort. That fight obviously did not come through, but Henderson signing with the UFC still seems like a sure thing.
So who would he like to fight in his first bout back with the UFC? MMA Interviews caught up with the Strikeforce light heavyweight champion and asked him just that:
I think the biggest fight that the UFC would make money on and the fans would want to see, I would think, would be me against the winner of Jones and Rampage. That would be a fight to unify the titles with Strikeforce and UFC, I think that would be a good move. ... I'm not opposed to (fighting Shogun) but I think it wouldn't be a fight that I would be excited about right now. I think maybe if he's got one more big win on him.
There are, of course, other potential fights for Henderson in the UFC. Bouts with either Lyoto Machida or Rashad Evans are decent options. I'd stop short of calling a drop back to 185 to face Anderson Silva a good idea, but Silva coming up to 205 to fight Henderson holds a certain appeal.
But the idea of a unification bout is in line with how the UFC handled Henderson's last run when he came in as a multi-division PRIDE champion and fought back-to-back champion vs. champion fights.
Do you find yourself needing/wanting to always know what time it is in a time zone other than your own? Here's how to always display that on your Windows computer. With this procedure, you can display your OWN time zone as you probably already do, plus you can display one or two OTHER time zones of your choice.
With the internet connecting our world like never before, this can be a pretty handy feature. I might be chatting on Skype with a product supplier in China at 8 pm here in Florida, but in his office it's 9 am the following day already. Or maybe it's 9 am on a Monday here in Florida and I need to call one of my clients in Oregon – but I don't because out there it is only 6 am.
By default, the Windows time clock only shows one time zone. That one should be the one where the computer is located. That's the time that will always display in the bottom right corner of the screen.
Adding a couple more clocks in other time zones is pretty easy:
1. Right-click on the time that is already displayed, and choose “Adjust date and time”. This opens a new window.
2. Click on the tab titled “Additional clocks” and check the first “Show this clock” box:
3. Then you just have to choose the time zone that you want to display for that clock. If you know the city but are not sure about what time zone that city is in, you can check it by typing in any major city name (worldwide) at the Time Zone page at timeanddate.com. Then, you can put in an easily-recognizable display name for that clock. So rather than having it display (UTC + ) Moscow, you can just make it show Uncle Vladimir. Much more intuitive.
You'll see at the bottom of that window there is another “Show this clock” option. If you have another time zone to keep track of, just go through the same process with that one.
4. Click OK to close the window.
Now that you have it set up, what exactly has changed in the way the time will be displayed?
– The local time will continue to be displayed (by itself) in the bottom right corner of the screen.
– When you mouse over the time (without clicking anything), the local and remote time zones will display digitally:
– If you do one left-click on the local time, you will see a new window that displays actual clocks with the local and remote time zones, as well as a calendar:
Share this post Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Delicious
Technorati
Digg
Washington Sen. Patty Murray has a reputation for being able to make deals with Republicans.
remove
her,
counties
Labor
Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander
Labor
THE STATE OF HEALTH CARE
conditions,
considerably,
counties
are
mark-up
MURRAY ON THE NEW FBI DIRECTOR
as
MURRAY ON TOWN HALL MEETINGS
westside
A man stole her when she was 16. 85 years later, their grandchildren find out the secret of their relationship
Everlasting love...
"Until death do us part" is very easy to say, but how often have couples professed this sentiment only to divorce a few years later? When Faustino Jacinto and Estefanía Rodríguez got married, however, they took this vow very seriously. The couple — from a small town called Villa del Carbón in Mexico — has been together ever since. And it's been a very, very long time.
When Faustino first laid eyes on Estefanía, it was love at first sight. He tried desperately to get her attention, but she was hesitant: "We began talking, I told her I'd like her as a wife, but she wouldn't answer," says Faustino. "I didn't know him," remembers Estefanía. But Faustino persevered and it finally paid off: a week later he "stole" Estefanía, as they say in Mexico when a couple elopes. It was 1932. Faustino was 18 years old, Estefanía was just 16.
If you understand Spanish, you can watch their incredible story in this video...
The story becomes even more romantic when, despite not having money, Faustino and Estefanía decided to marry in a civil ceremony. "What wedding could we have if I had no money whatsoever?" Faustino jokes. And since that day, incredible as it may seem, this adorable couple has not slept a single day apart. A quick calculation reveals the amazing fact that Faustino and Estefanía have shared their lives for 85 years!
ROCKVILLE, MD — The controversial Confederate soldier statue — a focus of community debate since it was vandalized with graffiti and residents and leaders disagreed on where to keep the monument — will soon be relocated from the front of the Red Brick Courthouse to an undisclosed location in Montgomery County. General Services Director David Dise said a request for proposals to move the monument will be advertised in the next two weeks, according to reports.
Rockville leaders voted 4-1 against accepting the disputed statue at the Beall Dawson Historical Park in February 2016. Many felt a monument tied to slavery or the Confederacy was inappropriate, but there were a slew of others reasons why the statue was turned down, including costs of lighting, maintenance and security.
Confederate flags and memorials are seen as a reminder of Southern heritage by some, while many African-Americans have said the legacy is one of slavery and hate.
In July 2016, the 11,000-pound statue was vandalized. "Black Lives Matter" and other phrases were graffitied onto the statue, which prompted city officials to keep the statue boxed up in front of the court house as it remains today.
See Also: Removal of Confederate Memorials Weighed 150 Years After Civil War, Confederate Monument Vandalized in Rockville, What Should Rockville, County Do With Confederate Statue?
Dise told Montgomery Community Media that county officials are doing an "exhaustive search of different locations" for the statue to be moved to.
There are no details on the relocation or the cost of the move so far.
Patch File Photo
