CAASTRO/Loi et al. Plasma tubes in the Earth's magnetosphere have been observed for the first time
A 60-year-old theory about the structure of the magnetic fields that surround Earth has been confirmed directly for the first time. The lead author of the paper is an undergraduate student who invented a way to view the Earth's magnetosphere in three dimensions.
The sun emits a constant stream of charged particles that's supplemented by cosmic rays from sources such as supernovae. As these particles approach Earth, their path is altered by the Earth's magnetic field, which deflects some and funnels others towards the poles, leading to displays such as aurora.
This region, known as the magnetosphere, includes the ionosphere and plasmasphere as its inner layers. These distinctions aside, we don't know all that much about the structure of these regions.
A better understanding would be useful because the ionosphere interferes with satellite navigation systems and the images received by radio telescopes. During her honors project at the University of Sydney, Cleo Loi realized she could use the Murchison Widefield Array (MWA) radio telescope to probe these regions in a way that had never been done before, leading to a paper in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
The MWA is a forerunner of the Square Kilometer Array (SKA), soon to transform radio astronomy. It consists of 128 antennae spread over three kilometers (almost two miles). Loi suggested that by splitting the observations between those from the eastern and western ends of the array, she would achieve something equivalent to binocular vision, allowing us to see in three dimensions.
For the MWA's usual astronomical work, a three-kilometer baseline does not give the parallax required to see in-depth, but the situation is very different when we are looking close to the Earth.
Loi detected a series of high and low density plasma tubes connecting the ionosphere and plasmasphere running in parallel to the magnetic field. "We measured their position to be about 600 kilometres [373 miles] above the ground, in the upper ionosphere, and they appear to be continuing upwards into the plasmasphere. This is around where the neutral atmosphere ends, and we are transitioning to the plasma of outer space," Loi said. The tubes move slowly with time, so telescopes experience changing interference effects.
Loi told IFLScience that while some limited probing has been done on the ionosphere with other radio telescopes such as the Very Large Array, no one to her knowledge has applied parallax to the problem previously.
“People theorized something like this from observations of a type of very low frequency electromagnetic wave. We can detect lightning from another hemisphere and people concluded there must be plasma tubes guiding the signal,” says Loi. “It's a very indirect conclusion, and no one had much idea what these tubes were like.”
Loi says she was amazed at how many tubes the MWA's enormous 30° field revealed. “There are no plans to use the SKA for studying the ionosphere, but I am hoping with publicity about this work to change that,” she says.
The CEO of the company which owns Carrier, which agreed to keep hundreds of manufacturing jobs in Indiana after a direct plea from President-elect Donald Trump, has admitted the deal was influenced by the fear of losing federal government work.
Last month the company, which makes heaters and air conditioners, announced it was backtracking on its plans to move production from Indianapolis to Mexico after Mr Trump intervened.
Greg Hayes, CEO of United Technologies, told CNBC yesterday: 'I was born at night, but it wasn't last night. I also know that about 10 per cent of our revenue comes from the US government.'
President-elect Donald Trump and his running mate, Mike Pence, are introduced to Carrier worker Mauro Rosales (right) by the company's CEO Greg Hayes (left)
Trump's presidential transition team saw the Carrier U-turn as an early PR coup for the incoming administration, although the terms of the agreement remain murky.
By enabling Carrier's Indianapolis plant to stay open, the deal spares about 800 workers whose jobs were going to be outsourced to Mexico, according to federal officials.
This suggests that hundreds will still lose their jobs at the factory, where roughly 1,400 workers were slated to be laid off.
Greg Hayes (pictured, left, and right, with Mike Pence) denied Mr Trump had offered him a quid pro quo if he reversed the decision to move all the jobs to Mexico
Mr Hayes said he was partly influenced by the belief that the Trump administration would bring in lower taxes and a better regulatory environment.
Speaking of his conversations with Mr Trump, he told CNBC there was no deal as such, and added: 'There was no quid pro quo for him to say, "Look, I am not going to tax you, if you don't do this." He simply said, "Take a look at this."'
United Technologies owns Pratt & Whitney, a big supplier of fighter jet engines, and it gets about $5.6billion a year in federal money.
Don't get that tie caught in the machinery: Mr Trump went on a walkabout at the factory last week. Its closure would have been a major embarrassment for Mike Pence, who is the Governor of Indiana
After the announcement that Carrier were staying in Indianapolis, Senator Joe Donnelly, a Democrat, said he still had questions about what the announcement would mean for the workers.
He said: 'Who is going to be retained? What is the structure there will be for the retention? What is going to be put in place?
'Are these the same jobs at the same wage? I would sure like to know as soon as I can.'
If the Indianapolis plant had closed it would have been a major embarrassment for Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who is the outgoing Governor of Indiana.
On the campaign trail, Trump threatened to impose sharp tariffs on any company that shifted its factories to Mexico. And his advisers have since promoted lower corporate tax rates as a means of keeping jobs in the US.
In February, United Technologies said it would close its Carrier air conditioning and heating plant in Indianapolis and move its manufacturing to Mexico. The plant's workers would have been laid off over three years starting in 2017.
Whatever deal Trump struck with Carrier does not appear to have salvaged jobs at a separate branch of United Technologies in Huntington, Indiana, that makes microprocessor-based controls for the heating, air conditioning and refrigeration industries.
That branch will move manufacturing operations to a new plant in Mexico, costing the city 700 jobs by 2018.
A deadly parasite that causes Chagas disease is widespread in a common Texas insect, according to a new study by University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) researchers. The finding suggests that the risk of Texans contracting the disease may be higher than previously thought.
The parasite Trypanosoma cruzi (T. cruzi), which causes Chagas disease can be transmitted to humans by blood-sucking insects known as "assassin bugs" or "kissing bugs." Unlike mosquitoes that transmit malaria through the bite, kissing bugs drop feces on the subject while filling up with blood. The feces, which are contaminated with the parasite, often lands in the bite wound. From there, it penetrates the bloodstream and affects the heart and gastrointestinal system.
Curious to know the prevalence of T. cruzi in west Texas insects, UTEP biologists set traps to collect the bugs at the University's Indio Mountains Research Station. The station sits about 100 miles north of the U.S.-Mexico border in Hudspeth County, Texas.
In all, the researchers trapped 39 kissing bugs (Triatoma rubida) and tests revealed that 24 bugs-- or 61 percent -- were infected with T. cruzi. The findings were published in the journal Acta Tropica.
"It surprised me that so many of them were carrying the parasite," says Rosa A. Maldonado, D.Sc., an associate professor of biological sciences at UTEP who led the study. "I was expecting to have some, but this is quite high."
Maldonado adds that there's a high rate of heart disease along the border and one of the causes could be Chagas disease.
Thirty percent of people infected with the parasite develop life-threatening symptoms like heart rhythm abnormalities and difficult eating or passing stool. The disease can also lead to an enlarged esophagus, colon and heart, and even, heart failure.
"Doctors usually don't consider Chagas disease when they diagnose patients, so they need to be aware of its prevalence here," says Maldonado. To prevent parasite transmission by the kissing bug, the biologist says it's important to be aware of the presence of the bugs in the house and yard because pets like dogs and cats are also vulnerable.
But getting bitten by a kissing bug isn't the only way to contract the disease. Once a human is infected, the parasite can be transmitted to others via organ transplants, blood transfusions and from a mother to a fetus. In addition, the parasite can be spread through foods and juices tainted by the contaminated bug feces.
Maldonado hopes her work brings more awareness to the often overlooked disease, which she calls an emerging infectious disease in the U.S. The biologist is currently investigating the prevalence of T. cruzi in kissing bugs, street dogs and cats found in El Paso, Texas, an urban city on the U.S.-Mexico border with more than 675,000 residents.
After living on the Island for nearly a decade, I decided it was finally time to check out the Pali Puka hike.
Like most interesting hikes on Oahu, the trailhead began behind a “no trespassing” sign.
The trail is adjacent to the popular Pali scenic lookout (seen below). I had walked by this trail countless times as I took friends and family to check out the gorgeous windy vista at the cliff's edge. Yet, I had never considered climbing the ridge. I always assumed it was too risky. The Pali lookout has long been a hub for hikers. Aside from the Pali Puka trail, the Old Pali Road (which connects to Likeke Falls and Maunawili Falls) and the Pali Notches' trail also branch off from Nuuanu's Pali. However, as landslides burry some trails and the State closes others, hikers are become more and more discouraged from coming here.
The beginning of the hike is quite steep. You will definitely feel it in your heart and lungs. A few strategically placed ropes really helped during the ascent. Always check a rope before putting your weight on it though. A few lines were tied off to weak branches and shrubs. This is not a trail you would want to take a tumble on…
At times, we were a bit sketched out by how close the trail got to the edge. One wrong step and you could drop over a thousand feet before biffing it in the jungle, at the foot of the Koolaus.
Fortunately, at critically dangerous spots, a safer trail was available that lead us through the bushes, at a secure distance from the edge.
After a safe passage through the brush, we merged back with the more precarious trail.
What I found most unsettling, was a spot on the ridge where you could tell that the earth beneath the trail had just given way. There would be absolutely no coming back from such a fall. It's sights like these that make you realize how powerless and at the mercy you are of the mountain.
We quickly made our way to our destination. The Pali Puka! It was bigger than I had expected (I thought it would be just big enough to fit my head through). But it was smaller than what my wife had thought. With our expectations combined, I guess it was just the right size. A geologist from UH informed me that the puka likely originated from a lava tube that used to pass through this ridge. As the Koolau wall eroded, each side collapsed until only this window was left. Pretty crazy. I never though a lava tube could end up with such a nice view.
The view was astounding. From the right angle you could frame a shot from Coconut Island (Gilligan's Island) to Chinaman's Hat.
At a different angle you could spot the Kapaa Quarry and the Marine Corps Base Peninsula. This place has some serious potential for sunrise photos. I would definitely come back here.
Before leaving, we climbed up above the Puka. The real reason I wanted to do this hike was to scope out the trail condition, as I have been planning to trek the ridge trail from the Likelike Tunnel to the Pali Lookout (when conditions are perfect: no rain or wind).
We had to be very careful due to the strong gusts of wind that would randomly sweep over the ridge, but the views were truly breathtaking up there! Definitely worth it.
After soaking it all in, it was time to begin our very prudent descent of the slippery and dusty ridge. Never let your guard down. Most of the time, I wipeout on the return trip of hikes because I assume the hardest part is behind me (since I've already done it one way).
As we progressively approached the parking lot, the clouds briefly parted to give us a priceless view of Nuuanu and Honolulu. I had never seen the valley from this vantage point before. We had a ton of fun and the hike was really short. We were surprised that, after all the photos and taking a few breaks to appreciate the view, we finished in just under an hour. Perhaps our perception of time was distorted by our constant fear of falling off the ridge, or something… The Pali Puka is a great short hike to checkout, if conditions permit. I would not recommend this hike during strong winds (like we did) or in the rain (all the dust would just turn to slippery mud). The views were one of a kind.
Enjoy and stay safe!
Hike at your own risk. We do not condone the safety or legality of hiking any of the trails seen on this site. Also do not rely solely on information found herein; please do your own research. Hiking in Hawaii is dangerous due to unstable surfaces. Injury or death may occur. It is also relatively easy to get lost in the dense tropical vegetation or unmarked trails if you are not careful.
Any company that can afford to turn down $3 billion dollar buyouts is having a very good year, and by most measures that matter for startups, disappearing-photo messaging service Snapchat is having a very good year. The “disappearing”-sharing app is picking up followers faster than a charismatic cult leader. What looked like it might be a novel digital toy for teens is now widely considered an ascendant social network—the next Facebook, the next Twitter, the next thing to make investors see dollar sign upon dollar sign.
But a company that hooks users in by offering a feeling of intimacy has a lot to lose if users decide it can't be trusted—and it looks like Snapchat users have a new reason to worry.
Australian hacker team Gibson Security published functional code and developer hooks that let anyone infiltrate Snapchat after the messaging service ignored the hackers' previous attempts to point out security breaches. In a forward published on its website, the GibSec team justified their hack by noting it had been four months since they last pointed out security issues and that “nothing had been really improved upon.”
GibSec released what they call a “full disclosure.” This means that anyone can technically create a clone of Snapchat's API now, which can be used to track the company's user base. Which means Snapchat should listen up.
ZDNet's Violet Blue corresponded with the GibSec team about their decision to publish. The team discovered two separate potentially exploitative scripts: the “Find Friends” exploit and the “Bulk Registration” exploit. For “Find Friends,” the hackers say they can take a list of script-generated phone numbers and obtain “the Snapchat username of anyone with a number in that range.” So, basically, you can find anyone's Snapchat username based on their phone number. This can help spammers locate active accounts; it can also get lying cheating cheaters with secret Snapchat names in trouble.
The hackers say Snapchat has known about it for around four months—and their team (self-described as poor students with no stable income, scrounging for Bitcoin online) was able to unveil 10,000 phone numbers in seven minutes. GibSec estimates that it would take just 26.2 hours to crunch through all of Snapchat's numbers. (That was assuming all the numbers were from the U.S., which they aren't, so it would take longer… but still.)
The “Bulk Registration” exploit is a way to mass-register accounts, as the name suggests. It's not quite as fecund a hack for malevolence as “Find Friends” but it underlines Snapchat's lax attitude toward security; a platform of its size and popularity should have a better buffer. And it's not a matter of these scripts being so complex they evade detection; GibSec told ZDNet they could've fixed these issues with 10 lines of code.
It might take some mediating to get past the whole “publishing all the code” thing, but Snapchat should probably just hire GibSec to pay attention to their security lapses, because no one seems to be doing it over there.
[H/T ZDNet | Photo credit: Dani Latorre/Flickr]
It's easy to gain a certain impression about the player that is Bernie Ibini. Two diamond earrings book-end his wide smile. Bright red basketball shoes prop-up a confident frame inked in tattoos, gold chains and a broad-faced watch that matches his bold white Chrysler. When he takes on defenders and dribbles through teams, the image seems to fit.
His stride is elegant, his showmanship a drawcard and his fashion more suitable to a night club than a football one. However, that's where the fit ends.
There is no penthouse suite to return to and everyday after training, Ibini parks his Chrysler in front of the house he grew up in Condell Park where he starts his second job as the patriarch of his family. Away from the cameras and the stadium, Ibini takes it upon himself to support his mother and three younger siblings.
Family is the priority of one of Australia's rising stars ever since the sudden and tragic passing of his father Ibi in 2013. There were no warning signs for the Ibini family before disaster struck and news of his father's heart attack hit as Bernie had taken the biggest leap of his career. Living alone in Shanghai, earning a lucrative pay-packet in the ambitious Chinese Super League, he had to put his overseas ambitions on hold to be with the people who mattered most.
The Israeli government has a new advertising campaign for young American Jews to move to Israel. Please watch the cringe-worthy video at the link (the subliminal message is that dorky Jewish guys can find girlfriends over there). The Israeli government promotion says that young Jews can both move to Israel and get “best of all a free degree on Uncle Shmuel's tab” if they explore certain unnamed “exciting educational opportunities for new olim [immigrants] to Israel.” Tel Aviv University and “Uncle Shmuel” are featured in the video.
On a related note, Becky Sebo is one of those arrested last night at the student senate meeting at Ohio University when she kept speaking after she was warned she was disrupting the meeting. Sebo is a young dancer and leader of Bobcats for Israel, the pro-Israel group at the school.
Athens Ohio Today says Sebo is 22 and from Pepper Pike, which is a suburb of Cleveland. Haaretz, which quoted Sebo yesterday, said she “is from Cleveland.”
Sebo tweeted the Haaretz piece:
So honored to be on the front page of Haaretz supporting my country, ISRAEL http://t.co/go3pBhqwwL — Becky Sebo (@BeckySebo) September 10, 2014
Israel supporters say that the charge of dual loyalty is a canard, but Sebo's assertion, and the Israeli government promotion, both blur national borders, surely because Zionism entails that necessity: American Jews must support Israel so that the U.S. government will support Israel blindly.
Thanks to Mark Peterson.
Update: I said when I first published this post that the Israeli gov't was promising American support for college educations, thereby confusing Uncle Shmuel with Uncle Sam. The ad would seem to promise Israeli government support.
In February 2010, a man named Joseph Stack deliberately flew his small airplane into the side of a building that housed a regional IRS office in Austin, Texas, just as 200 agency employees were starting their workday. Along with himself, Stack killed an IRS manager and injured 13 others.
Stack was an anti-tax, anti-government fanatic, and chose his target for exclusively political reasons. He left behind a lengthy manifesto cogently setting forth his largely libertarian political views (along with, as I wrote at the time, some anti-capitalist grievances shared by the left, such as “rage over bailouts, the suffering of America's poor, and the pilfering of the middle class by a corrupt economic elite and their government-servants”; Stack's long note ended: “the communist creed: From each according to his ability, to each according to his need. The capitalist creed: From each according to his gullibility, to each according to his greed”). About Stack's political grievances, his manifesto declared that “violence not only is the answer, it is the only answer.”
The attack had all of the elements of iconic terrorism, a model for how it's most commonly understood: down to flying a plane into the side of a building. But Stack was white and non-Muslim. As a result, not only was the word “terrorism” not applied to Stack, but it was explicitly declared inapplicable by media outlets and government officials alike.
The New York Times's report on the incident stated that while the attack “initially inspired fears of a terrorist attack” — before the identity of the pilot was known — now “in place of the typical portrait of a terrorist driven by ideology, Mr. Stack was described as generally easygoing, a talented amateur musician with marital troubles and a maddening grudge against the tax authorities.”
As a result, said the Paper of Record, “officials ruled out any connection to terrorist groups or causes.” And “federal officials emphasized the same message, describing the case as a criminal inquiry.” Even when U.S. Muslim groups called for the incident to be declared “terrorism,” the FBI continued to insist it “was handling the case ‘as a criminal matter of an assault on a federal officer' and that it was not being considered as an act of terror.”
By very stark contrast, consider the October 2014, shooting in Ottawa by a single individual, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, at the Canadian Parliament building. As soon as it was known that the shooter was a convert to Islam, the incident was instantly and universally declared to be “terrorism.” Less than 24 hours afterward, Prime Minister Stephen Harper declared it a terror attack and even demanded new “counter-terrorism” powers in its name (which he has now obtained). To bolster the label, the government claimed Zehaf-Bibeau was on his way to Syria to fight with jihadists, and the media trumpeted this “fact.”
In his address to the nation the day after the shooting, Harper vowed to learn more about the “terrorist and any accomplices he may have had” and intoned: “This is a grim reminder that Canada is not immune to the types of terrorist attacks we have seen elsewhere around the world.” Twitter users around the world en masse used the hashtag of solidarity reserved (for some reason) only for cities attacked by a Muslim (but not cities attacked by their own governments): #OttawaStrong . In sum, that this was a “terror attack” was mandated conventional wisdom before anything was known other than the Muslim identity of the perpetrator.
As it turns out, other than the fact that the perpetrator was Muslim and was aiming his violence at Westerners, almost nothing about this attack had the classic hallmarks of “terrorism.” In the days and weeks that followed, it became clear that Zehaf-Bibeau suffered from serious mental illness and “seemed to have become mentally unstable.” He had a history of arrests for petty offenses and had received psychiatric treatment. His friends recall him expressing no real political views but instead claiming he was possessed by the devil.
The Canadian government was ultimately forced to admit that their prior media claim about him preparing to go to Syria was totally false, dismissing it as “a mistake.” Now that Canadians know the truth about him — rather than the mere fact that he's Muslim and committed violence — a plurality no longer believe the “terrorist” label applies, but believe the attack was motivated by mental illness. The term “terrorist” got instantly applied by know-nothings for one reason: he was Muslim and had committed violence, and that, in the post-9/11 West, is more or less the only working definition of the term (in the rare cases when it is applied to non-Muslims these days, it's typically applied to minorities engaged in acts that have no resemblance to what people usually think of when they hear the term).
That is the crucial backdrop for yesterday's debate over whether the term “terrorism” applies to the heinous shooting by a white nationalist of nine African-Americans praying in a predominantly black church in Charleston, South Carolina. Almost immediately, news reports indicated there was “no sign of terrorism” — by which they meant: it does not appear that the shooter is Muslim.
Yet other than the perpetrator's non-Muslim identity, the Charleston attack from the start had the indicia of what is commonly understood to be “terrorism.” Specifically, the suspected shooter was clearly a vehement racist who told witnesses at the church that he was acting out of racial hatred and a desire to force African-Americans “to go.” His violence was the byproduct of and was intended to publicize and forward his warped political agenda, and was clearly designed to terrorize the community he hates.
That's why so many African-American and Muslim commentators and activists insisted that the term “terrorist” be applied: because it looked, felt and smelled exactly like other acts that are instantly branded “terrorism” when the perpetrator is Muslim and the victims largely white. It was very hard — and still is — to escape the conclusion that the term “terrorism,” at least as it's predominantly used in the post-9/11 West, is about the identity of those committing the violence and the identity of the targets. It manifestly has nothing to do with some neutral, objective assessment of the acts being labelled.
The point here is not, as some very confused commentators suggested, to seek an expansion of the term “terrorism” beyond its current application. As someone who has spent the last decade more or less exclusively devoted to documenting the abuses and manipulations that term enables, the last thing I want is an expansion of its application.
But what I also don't want is for non-Muslims to rest in their privileged nest, satisfied that the term and its accompanying abuses is only for that marginalized group. And what I especially don't want is to have this glaring, damaging mythology persist that the term “terrorism” is some sort of objectively discernible, consistently applied designation of a particularly hideous kind of violence. I'm eager to have the term recognized for what it is: a completely malleable, manipulated, vapid term of propaganda that has no consistent application whatsoever. Recognition of that reality is vital to draining the term of its potency.
The examples proving the utter malleability of the term “terrorism” are far too numerous to chronicle here. But over the past decade alone, it's been used by Western political and media figures to condemn Muslims who used violence against an invading and occupying force in Afghanistan, against others who raised funds to help Iraqis fight against an invading and occupying military in their country, and for others who attack soldiers in an army that is fighting many wars. In other words, any violence by Muslims against the West is inherently “terrorism,” even if targeted only at soldiers at war and/or designed to resist invasion and occupation.
By stark contrast, no violence by the West against Muslims can possibly be “terrorism,” no matter how brutal, inhumane or indiscriminately civilian-killing. The U.S. can call its invasion of Baghdad “Shock and Awe” as a classic declaration of terrorism intent, or fly killer drones permanently over terrorized villages and cities, or engage in generation-lasting atrocities in Fallujah, or arm and fund Israeli and Saudi destruction of helpless civilian populations, and none of that, of course, can possibly be called “terrorism.” It just has the wrong perpetrators and the wrong victims.
Then there is all the game-playing the U.S. does with the term right out in the open. Nelson Mandela, now widely regarded as a moral hero, was officially a “terrorist” in U.S. eyes for decades (and the CIA thus helped its allied apartheid regime capture him). Iraq was on the terrorist list and then off it and then on it based on whatever designation best suited U.S. interests at the moment. The Iranian cult MEK was long decreed a “terror group” until they paid enough influential people in Washington to get off the list, coinciding with the U.S. desire to punish Tehran. The Reagan administration armed and funded classic terror groups in Latin America while demanding sanctions on the Soviets and Iranians for being state sponsors of terrorism. Whatever this is, it is not the work of a term that has a consistent, objective meaning.
Ample scholarship proves that the term “terrorism” is empty, definition-free and invariably manipulated. Harvard's Lisa Stampnitzky has documented “the inability of researchers to establish a suitable definition of the concept of ‘terrorism' itself.” The concept of “terrorism” is fundamentally plagued by ideological agendas and self-interested manipulation, as Professor Richard Jackson at the the National Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies in New Zealand has explained: “most of what is accepted as well-founded ‘knowledge' in terrorism studies is, in fact, highly debatable and unstable” and is “biased towards Western state priorities.” Remi Brulin is a scholar who specializes in the discourse of “terrorism” and has long documented that, from the start, it was a highly manipulated term of propaganda more than it was a term of fixed meaning — largely intended to justify violence by the West and Israel while delegitimizing the violence of its enemies.
What is most amazing about all of this is that “terrorism” — a term that is so easily and frequently manipulated and devoid of fixed meaning — has now become central to our political culture and legal framework, a staple of how we are taught to think about the world. It is constantly invoked, as though it is some sort of term of scientific precision, to justify an endless array of radical policies and powers. Everything from the attack on Iraq to torture to endless drone killings to mass surveillance and beyond are justified in its name.
In fact, it is, as I have often argued, a term that justifies everything yet means nothing. Perhaps the only way people will start to see that, or at least be bothered by it, is if it becomes clear that not just marginalized minority groups but also their own group can be swept up by its elasticity and meaninglessness. There is ample resistance to that, which is why repulsive violence committed by white non-Muslims such as yesterday's church massacre is so rarely described by the term. But that's all the more reason to insist on something resembling fair and consistent application.
Photo: Charleston County Sheriff's Office/Getty Images
Welfare is corrupt. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is easily exploited. The earned income tax credit encourages irresponsible parenting. Problems with anti-poverty programs have been piling up ever since the New Deal. Republicans despair at these programs' astronomical costs, while Democrats try to cover up some of their obvious inefficiencies. Both sides agree entitlements need fixing, but we have seen few solutions emerge from this agreement. Since proposing serious entitlement reform is political suicide, programs continue to bloat and the federal bureaucracy continues to grow for the sake of maintaining some level of a social safety net.
But inefficiency and entitlement programs don't have to go hand in hand. A possible solution I propose to solve the bloat of entitlement programs is a basic income.
The mechanism by which a basic income works is simple. Rather than provide welfare or unemployment to impoverished citizens, the government simply pays every citizen a lump sum regularly. Restrictions can be added to this basic income, such as denying it to prisoners or citizens under the age of 21 or over the age of 65. Then, citizens are free to spend the money however they like. The amount provided is dependent on the minimum quality of life the government wants to provide.
A basic income appeals in a moral sense to both liberals and conservatives. Democrats support it because of its empowering effect on the lower class. In a modern economy, you have to work in order to live. Employers can exploit workers into producing more value than they are compensated for since the workers don't have the choice to not work. Although competition between businesses helps mitigate this problem, workers are still at the mercy of the job market. However, with a basic income, workers are better able to bargain for what their work is worth.
Republicans like the basic income idea because it eliminates stifling bureaucracy from government anti-poverty programs. There would be no ham-fisted evaluations or exceptions siphoning away valuable time and money from the taxpayer. Distribution would be efficient and lead to a smaller government. Innovation would also increase, since people can take a chance in starting a business knowing they will at least have some steady income if the business fails.
The idea of providing people with money for not working is offensive to many conservatives. However, the basic income is actually more fair than the current systems we have in place since every American, not just lower-income Americans, would receive this money. Rather than attempt to shrink the wealth-gap, a basic income elevates all groups. The progressive income tax has been criticized for punishing people who work harder to make more money while being moved into a higher income bracket as a result, gaining nothing. A basic income actually embodies the conservative ideal that people who work hard deserve to be rewarded. With a more even playing field, people will succeed or fail based more on their abilities rather than the circumstance of their birth.
The case for an unconditional basic income can be made by the numbers. In order to provide every American between the ages of 21 and 65 a basic income equal to the poverty line, it would cost $2.14 trillion, around 13 percent of the GDP. This basic income would allow the elimination of almost $1 trillion worth of benefits for low-income Americans. The basic income would then have a final price tag of $1.2 trillion in extra spending to keep all Americans above the poverty line. This amount is not insignificant, but reallocating money from Social Security, raising taxes and excluding prisoners would make a dent. A more complete solution would be to shrink the payments to $6,000 a year. This system wouldn't lift all Americans out of poverty, but it would greatly empower workers, streamline government and encourage innovation.
Dauphin, a city in Manitoba, Canada, implemented a basic income in the mid-1970s. Research of this city indicated there was minimal disincentive to work, high school graduation rates increased and hospitalization rates went down. Alaska also has a basic income based off assets. Nearly every Alaskan citizen receives around $1,900 a year from a portion of oil revenues. This form of basic income has been credited with keeping many households out of poverty.
I know basic income is a radical policy. And I understand the odds of it being passed in Congress are slim to none. But by discussing it, we can better picture the America we want rather than the one to which we are resigned.
Curtis Stokes is a sophomore political science and finance major. He lives in Stanford Hall and can be contacted at [email protected]
The views expressed in this column are those of the author and not necessarily those of The Observer.
African American founded tech startup Bluurp (a social networking app that lets you post messages across Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, and LinkedIn as well as share videos from YouTube, songs from Spotify, and photos across Instagram, Pinterest, and Flickr), has joined with DreamFunded, an equity crowdfunding platform, to offer stock/ownership in the company for as low as $60. By investing $60 in Bluurp, you can earn $6,000 – $60,000 on your returns based on a $1B target valuation.
To get started click on the following link, click on “Invest in Bluurp” button, and sign up using your Facebook account. Lastly go back to the page and click on the “Join the Waitlist” button and you're done! We'll let you know when it's time to invest. This is a deal you don't want to miss out. Tell your friends & family about this opportunity. Everyone can benefit off of this!
Event Japanese/English
Introduction
Play I'm called Fumizuki. Nice to meet you~
あたし、文月っていうの。よろしくぅ～。
Library
Play I'm the 7th ship of the Mutsuki-class destroyers, Fumizuki. I participated in many naval battles. There was this one incident where I suffered heavy damage after... colliding with a large ship during a convoy escort.[1] That was pretty bad.
睦月型駆逐艦7番艦の文月だよ。 数々の海戦に参加したんだ。船団護衛中に大型船と衝突して大破…したこともあったっけ。 あれはやばかったなー。
Secretary 1
Play Eh? What is it?
え？なになに？
Secretary 2
Play Ah, please wait a minute Commander~
あ、司令官、ちょっとまってぇ～
Secretary 3
Play What is it Commander? Ehehe~
司令官、なんですかなんですか？えへへっ
Secretary Idle
Play What are you doing Commander? Say something! Ah, sorry... am I bothering you?
司令官、なにしてるの？文月とお話しよ！ あっ、ごめん…うるさかった？
Secretary (Married)
Play I'm embarrassed Commander...! Please look at me like that...
しれいかん、恥ずかしぃ…！そんなに、見つめないでくださぁい…
Wedding
Play Why are you looking at me like that? Whoa~... That surprised me a little...
しれいかん、どうしてそんなにこっちみてるのぉ？ ふわあぁ…ちょっと、あせっちゃうよぉ…
Player's Score
Play A letter has arrived you know?
手紙、来てるよ？
Player's Score
Play You want to see the intelligence? I want to see too!
情報を見るの？文月もみるみる！
Joining the Fleet
Play I'm sortieing, I'll show you my true abilities now~
出撃です、本領発揮するよぉ～
Equipment 1
Play Wow, this feels good~, thanks~
Equipment 2
Play Awesome~, with this I can do well too~
すごーい、これなら私も活躍できそう～
Equipment 3[3]
Play This feels good~
Supply
Play Thanks~
ありがとうねぇ～。
Docking (Minor Damage)
Play I'm going to have some tea.
ちょーっとお茶にしてまーす。
Docking (Major Damage)
Play Ugh... I'm so sleepy I could die... Goodnight~...
うぅ～、死ぬほど眠いよぉ～……おやすみぃ……
Construction
Play A new comrade has arrived, I wonder what she's like?
新しい仲間が来たよぉ、どんなこだろう？
Returning from Sortie
Play Operation complete~, the fleet has returned to port. Thanks for your hard work.
作戦完了～、艦隊が帰投。お疲れ様～
Starting a Sortie
Play If it's night battles, even I'm pretty strong.
私だって夜戦なら､結構強いんだから。
Starting a Battle
Play Beginning attack!
攻撃開始！
Starting a Battle
Play The power of the remodelled has dawned! Eeeei~!
改装された文月の力、思い知れぇ～！ええぇ～い！
Attack
Play Takes this too~
これでもくらぇ～
Night Battle Attack
Play Hey, can I kill them all?
ねえ、こいつら殺っちゃっていい？
Night Battle
Play Now, it's time to show off the true abilities of the torpedo squadron~!
さあ、水雷戦隊の本領発揮だよぉ～！
MVP
Play I wasn't even using my full strength!
あたしはまだまだ強くなるんだからね！
MVP
Play Did you see the power of the remodelled and strengthened me? I can still get even stronger!
改装強化された文月の力、見たか～？あたしは、まだまだ強くなるんだから！
Minor Damage 1
Play Whaaaa!
ふぁああ！
Minor Damage 2
Play Waaah, that hurt~
うえぇん、いたいじゃないの～
Major Damage
Play Waaaah! Don't look, don't look!
ふぁああん！見ないで、見ないでぇ～！
Sunk
Play I won't... go down... here...
Sailboat-makers, steel fabricators and marine construction companies were unanimous.
In a 2004 survey of Columbia River users and again in a 2006 Coast Guard public hearing, the river users said a new I-5 span needed to be 100 to125 feet tall for them to sail underneath.
The
planners ignored the input and opted instead for 95 feet. The fateful blunder has put the project at odds with a handful of marine shippers, the
and the
, both of which need to sign off on the project.
The impasse may force the CRC to jettison the $3.1 billion current plan -- seven years in the making -- and design a higher bridge at a cost of $100 million-plus.
How did the CRC get to this place? How did an organization with tens of millions of dollars to spend and years of time, whose mission in part is to facilitate marine cargo flows, mess up something so basic as an acceptable bridge height?
The project's technical complexities and the conflicting demands of the many stakeholders both played a role. The higher bridge creates safety issues and potential problems for other interested parties.
But much of the blame must be laid at the feet of the CRC. The project, which has spent $140 million to date, much of it on public outreach, didn't know until February that the Army Corps of Engineers' dredge is 116 feet high, too tall to clear the CRC's bridge.
The CRC also failed to notice the growth on the Columbia's north shore of a bustling group of steel fabricators, who say the 600 jobs they collectively offer hinge on a higher bridge.
"We were all going down the path of making a reasonable decision," said
. "But the world changed."
News of the Coast Guard's opposition to CRC's plans first hit in March. The Oregonian has subsequently gone through hundreds of pages of CRC documents and correspondence to determine how the project settled on the controversial 95-foot height.
The CRC rolled the dice that a bridge adequate for 97 percent of river users would be acceptable to the Coast Guard. It didn't turn out that way.
More
"Some of these waterway users are major businesses that provide a lot of jobs," said Capt. Mark McCadden, chief of external affairs for the Coast Guard's District 13 in Seattle. "The corps has a dredge that won't clear 95 feet. Think about if we had another Mount St. Helens, with silt dumping into the river, and the dredge couldn't get under that bridge."
FUTURE LOOKING UP
Three thousand miles away, the bustling
and New Jersey is planning its own big bridge project. It intends to raise the roadway of the
from the current 151 feet to 215 feet.
Port officials fear that without the $1 billion upgrade, shippers will avoid the port because new supersized cargo carriers won't be able to get under the bridge.
No one will ever confuse the lower Columbia with the Port of New York and New Jersey. But here too, cargo loads are increasing in size and shippers are clamoring for more space.
operates in the former Kaiser shipyard on the north bank of the Columbia in Vancouver. It assembles huge oil drilling rigs and parts for paper plants and hydroelectric dams. The structures are much too large to ship by truck or rail. Instead, they are floated downriver by barge.
Thompson's volume of enormous projects has quadrupled in recent years, said company president John Rudi.
Two other companies have moved next door, each doing similar large-scale fabrications. Greenberry Inc. of Corvallis leased space in 2010. Oregon Iron Works bought 7.5 acres three years ago.
The fabricators ship on the river only a handful of times a year. But their cargoes are generally too large to clear a 95-foot span.
The current I-5 bridge offers just 40 feet of clearance at normal water levels. But raising the drawbridge increases the vertical clearance to 178 feet.
View full size
That puts the existing bridge in the same league with the Astoria-Megler Bridge (193 feet) the Longview, Wash. span (187 feet) and Interstate 205 bridge (144 feet).
A bridges' vertical clearance varies, of course, with the ebb and flow of water levels. The proposed 95-foot height of the new I-5 bridge would offer clearance of between 78 and 95 feet, according to the CRC.
"The concept of taking a bridge and making it lower is so contrary to common sense," said Tom Hickman, vice president of sales and marketing for Oregon Iron Works. "We're kind of baffled how they got this far down the road without listening to the concerns. They seem to have just ignored us."
HEIGHT CHALLENGES
CRC officials admit that the growth of the fabrication business caught them by surprise. Greenberry and Oregon Iron Works weren't in Vancouver when the CRC conducted its initial outreach to river users and CRC officials were unaware of their presence.
That 2004 survey by Parsons Brinkerhoff also missed a few important details. It overlooked entirely the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dredge, a mistake later repeated by the CRC.
It does mention Thompson and its bottom line is unequivocal. The data "indicates that a future bridge with vertical clearance of 125 feet ... could effectively accommodate all existing vessels." An 80-foot-tall bridge, the report added, "could accommodate all river traffic with the exception of four construction related barges and two recreational sailboats."
Nearly two years later, the Coast Guard hosted a public hearing on the same topic. Again, representatives from Thompson, and three other companies stated their need for 100 feet or more of clearance.
But other forces were pushing for a lower bridge: most notably geometry. A higher bridge would require a steeper grade up and over the river, which CRC engineers felt was unacceptable for safety reasons. Designers could eliminate an unacceptable hump in the span by moving out the bridge's points of landfall farther south on Hayden Island and farther north in Vancouver.
That would have significant impact, aesthetically and otherwise. A higher bridge also poses difficult technical challenges, particularly connecting it to the State Route 14 interchange just north of the river.
And there is still another issue: Pearson Field, the municipal airport east of downtown Vancouver. CRC engineers feared that a higher bridge could pose an unacceptable intrusion into the airport's airspace.
Some advocates of a higher bridge are pained that a tiny airport catering primarily to single-engine craft would constrain one of the region's most important public works projects. They point out that Pearson has been coexisting just fine with the current I-5 bridge, whose lift towers are 250 feet high.
Willy Williamson, Pearson manager, has watched the unfolding controversy. A higher span is not a problem, as far as he's concerned, though ultimately the Federal Aviation Administration will consider the CRC's plan.
"Raising the bridge 30 feet is not going to hurt us," Williamson said. "Fifty feet may be a different matter. But that's the FAA's call."
COAST GUARD COMPLAINS
By last fall, the CRC knew it had a big problem.
After mulling various options for years, the CRC finally tipped its hand in its final environmental impact statement. The bridge height: 95 feet.
In response, Thompson officials went to the Coast Guard and found a sympathetic ear. "I find that the vertical clearance for the proposed I-5 bridge does not fully address the reasonable needs of navigation for vessels which ply this stretch of the Columbia," said Randall Overton, Coast Guard bridge administrator, in an October 2011 letter. Overton slapped the CRC for not including mention of the fabricators' needs for a higher bridge in its environmental impact statement when it knew of the conflict.
The Coast Guard is not just another federal bureaucracy. In keeping with its charge to protect navigable waters, it essentially has veto power over the bridge.
In answer, the CRC essentially said that it knew best. "We have confidence that the technical work that has been in process for the past several years is a sound body of work," said Paula Hammond and Matt Garrett, the heads of the Washington and Oregon departments of transportation in a November 2011 letter to the Coast Guard. "A project of this magnitude must address the total array of users in the decision making process and the 95-foot clearance meets those needs."
The issue became more complicated when the aRMY Corps of Engineers joined the dissenters. Now it wasn't just a handful of private companies squawking, it was the federal agency that maintains the Columbia channel.
"Mitigation" has since become the CRC's watchword.
CRC emissaries are reaching out to the steel fabricators, the Coast Guard and the corps in hopes of a compromise to salvage the current design.
One possible solution: persuading the fabricators to leave their hulking products partially unassembled for passage under the new bridge, then complete assembly at some downriver location.
It's a nonstarter as far as the fabricators are concerned. "You might as well bankrupt us," said
"I just don't get it. This is a project that's all about jobs. I just assumed that they wouldn't kneecap these companies that are offering great jobs."
The corps is looking at whether altering its Yaquina dredge would be feasible. The Yaquina is the dredge that normally plies the water upstream from the I-5 span. Modifying the vessel to lower its mast, lights and other structural elements could cost more than $500,000, said corps spokeswoman Amy Echols.
The bridge flap is not the first questionable decision at the CRC. Gov. John Kitzhaber and his Washington counterpart, Chris Gregoire, had to step in last spring and impose a bridge design after a review panel deemed the CRC's choice to be unproven and high-risk.
Last summer, another review instigated by Kitzhaber and Oregon Treasurer Ted Wheeler deemed the CRC's toll revenue projections to be inflated by nearly half a billion dollars. The CRC was relying on outdated and inaccurate traffic numbers, the review found.
Not surprisingly, the CRC is fielding some pointed criticism from area politicians, not a good thing for an organization reliant on the good will of Washington, D.C., Salem and Olympia for financing.
U.S. Rep. Jamie Herrera Beutler and three other Washington Congress members in an April 30 letter to the CRC. "Given the importance of navigation to our region, we believe it is imperative that a new bridge not limit future river commerce."
"We are at a loss as to how such an oversight in this design could have occurred," statedand three other Washington Congress members in an April 30 letter to the CRC. "Given the importance of navigation to our region, we believe it is imperative that a new bridge not limit future river commerce."
-
PORTLAND, Ore. -- Hundreds of people come from all over to watch the Oaks Park fireworks show -- and light off their own fireworks -- on Sellwood Boulevard every July Fourth, neighbors said.
But this year, the party needs to change its focus, said a group of neighbors who are concerned about extreme fire danger on the bluff and in the Oaks Bottom Wildlife Refuge below.
"It's really a tinderbox. You can look down into the Bottom itself. It is just super dry," said Dave Mazza, who lives near the bluff. "It's frightening to be sitting here, thinking about people with explosives in proximity to all this tinder."
Mazza and neighbor Jane Crowley described the chaotic scene they said plays out on the bluff every Independence Day, as crowds of visitors set off round after round of legal and illegal fireworks.
"It sounds like a war zone," said Crowley. "And so much smoke."
"What comes to my mind is watching those Civil War re-enactors, where you have lots of people just disappearing into clouds of white smoke, and with constant explosions," said Mazza.
"Things get really crazy and people are firing them over houses," he added.
Neighbors said this year conditions are so dry that the 'war zone' part could be dangerous.
Crowley said she is sending out emails to neighbors, reminding them of the number---503-823-BOOM---to call if they see illegal fireworks, and asking them to consider watering down the bluff in front of their houses Saturday. A sign with the illegal fireworks reporting number is already up on a utility pole on the street.
Crowley said she would like visitors to not set off any fireworks of their own this year, legal or illegal, as even a legal firework can start a fire in the dry grass.
"The city provides a really nice display," she said. "They know what they're doing, they take the proper precautions. Those are the fireworks to enjoy."
The Portland Fire Bureau said, if you light off legal fireworks this year, you have to do it at least 25-feet away from something combustible, like dry grass.
Sellwood Boulevard is about 25 feet wide, so fireworks would not be acceptable in the street, according to fire department rules.
The fire bureau said fire crews will patrol this area with a brush rig to try to prevent fires, and will also have a brush rig in Southwest Portland and by Powell Butte.
Only the Rich By Bryan Caplan
The government gives an excludable good away for free: roads, parks, education, medicine, whatever. Then some economist advocates privatization of one of these freebies. Technocrats may offer some technical objections to privatization. Normal people, however, will respond with a disgusted rhetorical question: “So only the rich should have roads/parks/education/medicine/whatever.”
A straw man? Not really. As I've explained, a straw man is when you falsely attribute a silly argument to your opponents. But “Only the rich…” is an argument the opponents of privatization routinely embrace.
But what exactly is so silly about the “only the rich” argument?
1. Some free government services would remain quite affordable after privatization. These goods certainly wouldn't “only be for the rich.” This is especially clear if (a) government subsidies are currently driving up prices or (b) privatization paves the way for broad-based tax cuts.
2. Suppose that after privatization, the formerly free goods become quite pricey. The non-rich could still afford them by making their purchase a priority. In the current regime, for example, boats are pretty expensive. But many people of modest means still own boats because they make boat ownership a priority, sacrificing other goods and services to free up funds for the activity they intensely value. Prioritizing is especially effective in the long-run because motivated people can and do save money to build up a nest-egg.
3. The market often offers expensive full-price products and affordable substitutes side-by-side. In a free market, for example, driving during peak time would probably be very expensive. But tolls earlier or later in the day would be far cheaper.
4. If they plan ahead, the non-rich can often afford extremely expensive products by buying insurance. Even if the rates aren't cheap, insurance is the classic way to transform devastating financial shocks into manageable financial burdens.
5. Where all else fails, the non-rich can turn to borrowing and charity.
Intelligent critics are likely to blame me for being overly literal. Of course “Only the rich will have X” is hyperbole. But it's a poetic way to lament the inequities of the market mechanism. But I say the intelligent critics are interpreting populist rhetoric far too charitably.
If literally true, the hyperbolic arguments would be powerful objections to privatization. If privatization will genuinely deprive all non-rich people of all medicine, we probably shouldn't privatize. But if the worst you can say about privatization is, “Rich people will have more and better medicine,” the obvious retorts are: “Rich people already have more and better medicine,” followed by “That's the whole point of money – to get more and better stuff.”
In short, the “Only the rich” catchphrase isn't merely a childish overstatement. Like most political hyperbole, it's effective because adults take it literally. As I've said before:
Why are proponents of government action so prone to hyperbole? Because it's rhetorically effective, of course. You need wild
claims and flowery words to whip up public enthusiasm for government
action. Sober weighing of probability, cost, and benefit damns with
faint praise – and fails to overcome public apathy.
What would it take to transform “only the rich” populist demagoguery into serious policy analysis? Simple: Critics of the market could argue that the marginal improvement in incentives isn't worth the marginal costs of higher inequality. Of course, once you frame the issue that way, it's a short jump from critic to agnostic.
CLOSE A new rule would add limitations to the lake's waterways. 1/4/17 Michael Izzo
State proposing law after complaints from Byram Cove residents
Boats tie up on Byram Cove. (Photo: Courtesy of Byram Cove Party)
In an effort to quell noisy boaters at the request of Lake Hopatcong shoreline homeowners, the state has proposed a new ordinance that would restrict recreational fishing on the water during the summer.
The new rule, N.J.A.C. 13:82-3.11(l), would prohibit certain activities on the lake during between May 15 and September 15, specifically restricting vessels from anchoring more than 200 feet from the shoreline.
The commission would also prohibit tethering a raft or tube more than 20 feet from an anchored vessel and prohibit more than 10 vessels from anchoring together, or “rafting.”
But while the rule would exist to spare homeowners from excessive noise, opponents of the proposal say it will prevent fisherman from anchoring where they are most likely to find fish.
According to the proposal by the New Jersey Boat Regulation Commission, a subsidiary of the state Motor Vehicle Commission, the law was created in consultation with State Police Marine Services Bureau and comes at the request of citizens who own property alone Lake Hopatcong's shores, particularly along Byram Cove.
Byram Cove residents have quarreled for several summers with people who frequently tie their boats up together and party in the cove. The group informally refers to itself as Byram Cove Party, which has a Facebook page with more than 5,500 followers.
“It's just a way to push the boaters away from Byram Cove to some other part of the lake and most likely annoy other lakefront homeowners,” said Scott Carter, one of the founders of the Byram Cove Party Facebook page.
Carter questions the purpose of limiting rafting to 10 vessels.
“Why is it safer to have 10 boats tied together versus 11?” Carter said. “I would like to know what the issue is… Splitting 20 boats into 10 and 10, 10 feet apart that you still shouldn't dare pass in between is an improvement? The new law actually makes the 20 boats even harder to navigate around. All it's going to do is make things more congested.”
Carter also agrees the rule could affect fishermen and even homeowners, who would not be able to anchor off their property according to the proposed rule.
Ed Mackin, president of the Knee Deep Club, a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the resources of Lake Hopatcong, said the group is trying to raise awareness of the proposed rule.
“This is something that could change our fishing, could shape our way of doing everything we've ever done,” Mackin said. “We're not objecting to less clutter in Bryam Cove, we want it to be safe for everyone, but this is going to affect other people. This could cripple a couple dozen businesses.”
Mackin also questions the seemingly arbitrary decision to set the limit at 200 feet.
“Is the noise really going to be different at 200 feet than 201 feet? Where does that number come from? Have they even seen Lake Hopatcong?” Mackin said. “In some parts of the lake, 200 feet means it's minimal what you'll be able to do. You're mitigating everyone into the same channels of water, and where is the safety in that?”
Mackin said most fish in Lake Hopatcong meet at weed lines, where shallow water meets deep water. That's normally within 100 feet of the shore on the lake, as Mackin said after about 15 feet in most spots, light can't penetrate the bottom for weed growth.
“Ideally that's where everyone wants to fish. So this is going to affect a lot of places. The miles of shoreline and main lake points, fishermen and rental boat companies, it will affect all of it,” Mackin said. “We understand the safety aspect of this, but don't know why everyone is going to be penalized. It doesn't make any sense. If someone is out there fishing at 5 a.m., who is he hurting?”
Laurie Murphy, owner of Dow's Boat Rental on the lake said this rule would be detrimental to her business.
“I do little fishing boats, sell bait and tackle, so for me this could hurt,” Murphy said. “I get the homeowners want a path to keep people away from the shoreline, but for the fishermen it's not good.”
Murphy said while she understands the concerns of homeowners, noise on the lake should not come as a surprise.
“I get where it's coming from, with all of the boats anchoring and partying in Bryam Cove, but the homeowners need to understand they're on a public lake and this is what goes on for the summertime,” Murphy said. “We've been on the lake here since 1971 and this what you deal with on a public lake.”
Murphy said she is unsure how much the regulation would be enforced outside of Byram Cove, but the law would affect the entire lake.
“They're looking at Byram Cove but if a law passes it won't be specific to one area,” Murphy said. “There needs to be more specifics to this because it is definitely bad for fishermen.”
The Lake Hopatcong Foundation board said the matter is on the agenda for their January meeting.
The next Boat Regulation Commission meeting will be held Wednesday, Jan. 11, at 10 a.m. at the Cecile F. Norton Community Center, 1167 Ocean Avenue in Sea Bright. The meeting is open to the public. The next public meeting won't be held until March.
Murphy said she sent an email and letter to Edward Harrison, acting chair of the Boat Regulation Commission, explaining how the proposed changes would hurt her business and asking the commission to reconsider how the rule is written.
To comment on the proposed rule, anyone can email LPPMSB@gw.njsp.org or submit a written comment to:
Edward Harrison, Jr., acting chair, Boat Regulation Commission c/o Marine Services Bureau Division of State Police
P.O. Box 7068
West Trenton, NJ
08628-0068
Staff Writer Michael Izzo: 973-428-6636; mizzo@GannettNJ.com
Read or Share this story: http://dailyre.co/2hPIVZL
Hancock here:
Wow, Lynda and Ian really captured a great moment at an incredibly successful bald eagle nest near Victoria, British Columbia, near to our famous Sidney Nest of yesteryear! This well known nest is not just producing 3 huge eaglets this year but on the side, and hopefully not a side-order, the family is also raising a red-tail chick.
Link to forum thread for this nest: http://archive.hancockwildlife.org/forum/viewtopic.php?topic=992447#992447
View video of feeding here:
youtu.be/cT3rUlljSrw
We have a record of this at one of the Tsawwassen Buff nests about 10 years ago. The landowner in front of the nest recorded the parents bringing in a 'dead' adult red-tail from the adjacent red-tail territory only about 200 meters away. It was believed that the dead or dying red-tail laid the egg that in turn was incubated by the eagles, along with their own two eggs. I thought this was probably so unusual an event I was telling .....
an audience in Campbell River one day when a person piped up from the floor to tell me they had also had the same thing happen the previous year. Incredible.
So now here we have another fine record from Lynda and Ian recorded in both still and video of the same situation. Boy does that beg the question about really how common is this? Are red-tails, which so commonly nest near bald eagles nest, regularly captured? During the 1960s, when I was attempting to do aerial surveys to determine the number of eggs in bald eagle nests on southern Vancouver Island, I spotted what I thought was a cooper hawk carcass in an eagles' nest. The following week I was asked to get a few sample eagle eggs for some of the earliest pesticide sampling. I chose to go up that tree to both collect the egg but also confirm what the dead hawk species was. It was a coopers hawk and I used that image for 30 years in my talks.
It also begs the circumstances of how these smaller and much more maneuverable raptors are caught by eagles. I did see it happen in the late 1960s. An ever so tolerant circling eagle was constantly being bombarded by a coopers hawk and after about 20 stoops by the hawk at the eagle's head, including knocking off a few feathers, the eagle simply did a well-timed barrel roll, reached up at the last but most appropriate moment and snatched the dive-bombing coopers hawk out of the air. Both disappeared over the horizon but I very much doubt that hawk did that again.
The case here that Lynda and Ian captured carries this all to quite another level. First off, rearing 3 eaglets attests to how these parents must be wonderful hunters and the nesting territory very productive. Obviously they must be bringing home enough food to reduce sibling rivalry to tolerable levels and even for a much smaller "foreign sibling" who was both fed and tolerated. Wow. Our eagles never seem to run out of adaptive options.
It will be interesting to follow this nest to see the final outcome. Can this poor tiny relative survive and fledge among these 3 giants? Time will tell. What a nest to view. Too bad we didn't have a CAM in this nest. Any sponsors out there?
Thanks, Lynda and Ian, for sharing this and keeping us informed.
Regards.
David Hancock
Soon after they're born, American's minds are stuffed with interesting and inspirational stories about their nation's Founding Fathers. These men are a large part of our national mythology, our pantheon of mortal gods.
Everyone knows that George Washington could not tell a lie (he could and did), that he chopped down a cherry tree (he didn't), that he had wooden teeth (big whoop; so did forty percent of the adult population) and that he apparently slept in every bed in New England. We know that Thomas Jefferson wrote the first draft of the Declaration of Independence in three days. We know that Paul Revere went on a late-night ride to warn folks that the British were coming. John Hancock signed his name really big “so King George could see it.” Ben Franklin flew a kite in a lightning storm, informed the world that a “penny saved is a penny earned,” invented a book called an almanac and bifocal lenses. We know many of these tales by heart by the time we can hold a Fourth-of-July sparkler without burning our fingers.
What we are not told, and I think we can guess why, is that booze played a large part in the lives of our most popular Revolutionary heroes. Like it or not, the American Revolution happened hand-in-hand with bouts of awe-inspiring drunkenness and the United States is a nation built upon intoxication.
So settle back, uncork a jug, and let's examine some astounding facts about our Founding Fathers that many of our history books have chosen to ignore.
George Washington
George Washington is easily the most famous American. The first president of the United States. A military genius. And a full-bore hooch-hound.
To begin with, his false teeth: they were so obviously wooden because his daily intake of wine and whiskey stained the grain. No amount of soaking could alter the color, so when they got too brown he sent off for a fresh set.
When he was a young lieutenant in the Continental Army, Washington took leave to run for the Virginia State Legislature. He lost spectacularly, but learned a valuable lesson from the experience. When he ran again two years later, he met voters squarely on their terms by arranging for 144 gallons of rum, punch, cider, wine and beer to be divvied out among as many polling places as possible. If you were voting, George was buying. He won by 68 votes.
Some years and several promotions later, General Washington earned the unshakable respect of his troops by his willingness to level mountains and part waters to make sure they got their daily ration of rum. During the that hellish winter at Valley Forge, Washington insisted that the enlisted men got their rum before the officers did. It's no surprise the men fought like tigers for their beloved commander.
At the end of the Revolutionary War, Washington reluctantly ascended to the office of President of the United States. His inaugural celebration was a hoocher's heaven. It was illegal at the time to import rum from anywhere outside the states, but Washington ignored that silly law and ordered a barrel of Barbados's best to go along with the hundreds of gallons of other potent potables he had arranged to keep his guests lubricated well into the night.
When he left politics and retired to his estate at Mount Vernon, Washington's first order of business was to construct a brewery on the premises and start production of both molasses-based and ordinary beers. These he served to a never-ending stream of guests and well-wishers. His home brew was known around the state for its excellence, and he savored them himself, enjoying a couple of pints each morning with his breakfast. He also constructed a distillery and for a time was the largest producer of whiskey in the United States, cranking out 11,000 gallons in 1799 alone.
If there is anything left to be said regarding George Washington and his presidency it's this: while in office he spent over seven percent of his sizable income on alcohol. Seven percent. On hooch.
Hail to the Chief.
Thomas Jefferson
It is true that Thomas Jefferson wrote the original draft of the Declaration of Independence over only a few hectic days. What is not generally known is that he did it while seated at his usual table in the Indian Queen Tavern in Philadelphia while downing glass after brimming glass of Madeira.
As America's first (well, only, actually) scientist-president, Jefferson educated himself on all aspects of viniculture, including the cross-breeding of grapes and experimentation with all sorts of flavorful additives. He corresponded with winemakers in France and Germany, trading information and recipes. When Jefferson left the White House, he was stuck with an enormous $11,000 wine tab (about $200,000 is today's dollars.)
His estate at Monticello housed both a winery and a brewery, and his wine cellar was second to none. Jefferson was fond of dinner parties and his guests knew that his table would be set with gourmet food and large quantities of delicious wine. He hated to see a guest's glass run dry, but he also had a soft spot for his household servants, the people who made all those trips downstairs to the wine cellar and back up again. In order to make life easier on everyone, Jefferson had a dumbwaiter installed between the dining room and the wine cellar. It spared his staff's knees and shortened the time between refills upstairs.
Dinner at Monticello was a tipsy good time.
John Hancock
The owner of the world's most famous signature may have nodded at King George's failing eyesight as a justification for its size, but it could well be that John Hancock signed the Declaration in so large a hand because he was more than a wee bit sozzled at the time.
Hancock was known throughout New England for his massive intake of alcohol, especially beer.
As a student at Harvard College, he was a regular at its brewery, and was known to sit in his college bed chamber drinking through to the light of dawn. After graduating, Hancock pursued a successful business career, so successful that at one point he was the wealthiest man in all the Colonies. When England tried to tax various types of alcohol, Hancock used his business connections to smuggle booze into the country and sell it at discount prices.
Hancock spent his money well, frequenting several taverns around his home in Boston. His willingness to buy rounds of beer for the house earned him an eager audience for his anti-British rhetoric. It can be argued that his beer-fueled tirades against the British crown led directly to the Boston Tea Party.
Historian Eric Burns points out that the expression “George Washington slept here” is far less accurate than “John Hancock drank here.” Such was his reputation.
Benjamin Franklin
Ben was quite fond of hearty red Madeira, and while he was something less of a dedicated drunkard than some of his colleagues, he possessed a deep understanding of intoxication and all the positive elements of tying one on. The biblical flood, Franklin insisted, went down because men became wicked from drinking too much water, something God corrected once Noah hit dry land: “God, to relieve his dryness, created the vine and revealed to him the art of making le vin. By the aid of this liquid he unveiled more and more truth.”
A man with a sense of humor, Franklin composed a list of over 200 synonyms for being smashed. A few highlights: “he's eaten a toad-and-a-half for breakfast”; “he makes Indentures with his Leggs”; “he's had a Thump over the Head with Sampson's jawbone.”
Franklin also suggested that we drinkers should thank the heavens that the human elbow is located where it is because we “are enabled to drink at our ease, the glass going directly to the mouth.”
How true.
Assorted Others
Before embarking on his famous ride, Paul Revere visited the home of distiller Isaac Hall and tossed back two drafts of rum to steel himself for the coming jaunt.
Revolutionary gadfly Ethan Allen was obscenely fond of a drink called a Stonewall, a mixture of rum and hard cider (try it, it's quite tasty). Friends often had to carry him home after the wall fell on him.
John Quincy Adams loved his wine and once correctly named eleven out of fourteen Madeiras in a blind taste test.
Patrick Henry owned his own tavern and tended bar there. Not averse to joining his customers in a tipple, many evenings found Henry stomping up and down the trestle tables, playing his fiddle and exhorting people to join him in song.
Martin Van Buren was born on the floor of his father's tavern and spent much of his later life on the same floor after a dozen tankards of ale.
Following the drafting of the U.S. Constitution, the 55 signers celebrated the birth of the fledgling nation with a full-bore blowout, putting away 54 bottles of Madeira, 60 bottles of claret, eight bottles of whiskey, 22 bottles of port, eight bottles of hard cider, 12 beers and seven bowls of alcoholic punch large enough that, according one observer, “ducks could swim in them.”
It needs to be noted that the notorious traitor and all-around weasel Benedict Arnold didn't care for drink and looked askance at drunkards. Which should be surprising to no one.
America. Land of the Free, Home of the Boozeheads. Let's raise a tankard to our Founding Fathers. They would've done the same for us.
(Note: The Author is indebted to the works of Eric Burns, Mark Edward Lender & James Kirby Martin, Mitchell Beazley and Sharon V. Salinger.)
Got to see The Daily Show taping tonight (more on that in a minute) and in the pre-show conversation with Jon Stewart, an audience member said he was sent by The Internet to ask about SOPA. Stewart professed (not feigned, I think) ignorance, asking whether that was net neutrality, and excusing himself, what with their "heads being up their asses" in the election and all. But he said he'd do his homework and he looked at writer Steve Bodow when he said that. Let's hope he comes out loud.
Confidential to Mr. Stewart: The problem here is that [cough] your industry, entertainment, is trying to give power the power to blacklist and turn off sites if they're so much as accused of "pirating" (their word, not ours) content. This changes the fundamental architecture of the net, giving *government* the power and means to kill sites for this and then other reasons. That threatens to destroy this, our greatest tool of publicness (book plug). So please, sir we need your force of virtue to beat down this, another evil. On behalf of The Internet, thank you.
Read more posts on Buzz Machine »
U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison abruptly left Washington earlier this month to fly back to Minneapolis and emerged at the center of explosive confrontations between black activists and police outside the Fourth Precinct station.
In those first, uncertain days after a fatal police shooting of an unarmed black man in north Minneapolis, Ellison displayed credibility among different factions of the black community, and also had stature in the mayor's office and could help broker a sit-down meeting between Gov. Mark Dayton and the family of the shooting victim, Jamar Clark.
The unrest has elevated Ellison's profile, but it has also become his biggest test yet as a political leader trying to negotiate a truce in the latest flare-up of long-running tensions between police and the local black community.
“People have successfully gotten the attention of political leadership,” Ellison said from the protest site, less than a mile from his home. “We just have to make sure we do not waste it, and we make sure we gather it up and turn it into some tangible benefits for the people here.”
Striking a tone that was conciliatory but also challenging, he added: “There's absolutely no doubt that we have to get established, responsive government.”
The unrest hit uncomfortably close to home for the fifth-term Democrat just a few days after the shooting. During a particularly fraught night, his son, Jeremiah, was photographed with his hands up as police in riot gear pointed a gun toward him and other protesters. Ellison later shared the photo on his Twitter account, calling it “agonizing.” It was retweeted nearly 4,000 times.
Hours before he addressed protesters in Minneapolis, Ellison posted this Nov. 18 photo of his son Jeremiah, center, facing an officer in riot gear holding a gun, calling it “agonizing.” It was retweeted close to 4,000 times.
Behind the scenes, Ellison, 52, has been navigating several constituencies, including the governor's office, city officials, progressive allies and black activists who themselves are split over how to best accomplish their goals. Some black community members say they hope the shooting will finally get the attention of state leaders, whom they say have allowed Minnesota's racial disparities to fester for decades.
Those connected to Ellison say his latest role is one that he has honed after years of deep involvement in divisive racial issues around Minneapolis. They say he radiates a cool confidence in person, and is enormously skilled at connecting with people in the midst of conflicts.
“People who don't know him, especially from outside of Minneapolis, see a firebrand out in the streets, playing that one really important role he plays, rallying the community to be empowered,” former Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak said. “The other role that most people don't see, that I have the benefit of, is a very savvy adviser who would never moderate his views but would bring a sophisticated understanding of how government worked.”
Matt Entenza, a DFL activist who has known Ellison since law school and from their time as state legislators, said Ellison has “been a bridge between Minneapolis northsiders and the Capitol. He's able to do that because he's got the credibility of someone who's lived there for years, and has worked there. He also has credibility with the governor, as someone who is not a bomb-thrower but a bridge-builder.”
Activism stretches decades
Ellison, a Detroit native who first moved to Minnesota for law school, has been a civil rights activist in the state since the late 1980s, when he studied law at the University of Minnesota. He stayed in Minneapolis and for nearly a decade hosted a public-affairs show on KMOJ-FM, a radio station popular with the Twin Cities black community. The role, Ellison wrote in his 2014 autobiography, “helped forge my place within the community.” It was also a platform for residents to have a voice when racial incidents would spark outcry.
“Whenever a police shooting occurred, certain people in the community would speak out against the brutality,” Ellison wrote. “We would speak out whenever an incident of racial injustice occurred — from police brutality, to unfairness in government contracting, to the low graduation rate among black kids.”
As a young lawyer, Ellison first worked in private practice, handling commercial litigation. “Eventually I lost interest in representing corporations fighting other corporations over a king's ransom,” he said.
His activism led him to run for, and win, a seat in the Legislature. He was partly motivated by the lack of black state legislators after testifying before a state legislative committee. “What struck me at the time was the absence of ethnic or gender diversity,” he wrote. “They were all white men. And I wondered if they could truly relate to the kids I was talking about.”
Ellison went on to become the first black Minnesotan elected to Congress.
State Sen. Jeff Hayden, DFL-Minneapolis, said that Ellison's record on civil rights and racial equality matters have earned him respect among black activists.
“What Keith has been able to do, frankly, is established himself as a real leader, ever since he started in law school, and also his work in the Legislature, pushing things like environmental justice,” Hayden said.
Smoothing over differences
Ellison also has had to navigate increasingly raw tensions among black activist groups — divisions that are falling largely along generational lines. The older black leaders have called for an end to the protest encampment outside the police station, but younger activists don't want to lose the chance to draw attention to their cause and their demands for justice.
Ron Edwards, 76, a longtime local civil rights leader, and others have criticized young activists from the Minneapolis chapter of Black Lives Matter, disapproving of some of their more aggressive tactics.
“I have been out here for well in excess of 55 years,” Edwards said. “I know how difficult it is to do battle with the system.”
Edwards credited Ellison with balancing the demands of competing factions. “In the case of the congressman, he has done the best that he is able to under the circumstances he is confronted with,” Edwards said.
Dora Jones, founder of a St. Paul nonprofit, Mentoring Young Adults, said younger leaders are filling an important void.
“The younger generation of leaders who are emerging are absolutely frustrated. They're angry. They're upset,” Jones, 50, said. “The older leaders — somebody dropped the ball, and the young leadership, they're not having it. They're working hard, getting a lot of the work done that older leaders should have done.”
She expressed wider disillusionment with state political leaders, including Ellison, who she said have taken their votes for granted. She points to the decades of stubborn racial disparities that have persisted in Minnesota, and elsewhere.
“Election after election and we're still getting the same,” Jones said. “They come around election time, they get our vote, and then we don't see them anymore.”
Ellison has struck a cautious tone at times, particularly in dealing with activists. He has urged protest organizers to focus more on safety after five protesters were shot and injured last week.
Nonetheless, he has championed the demands by Black Lives Matter Minneapolis, who want any video of the Clark shooting released, as well as calls for an independent investigation. He also supported the release of the officers' names in the shooting.
“I stood behind Black Lives Matter Minneapolis with these requests and have echoed them at every opportunity,” Ellison said in a recent statement.
As for the divisions within the black community, Ellison said they shouldn't stand in the way of their larger aims for racial equality.
“It's OK for a little tension,” he said. “We're all going the same direction.”
A new speaker is in the House. But if you thought Paul Ryan would be more likely to pass some kind of immigration reform than his predecessor John Boehner, well, it looks like you'll be disappointed.
Immigration reform will not be debated on the House floor until there's a new president in the Oval Office, Ryan told a conference call of reporters from his home state of Wisconsin on Friday morning.
It would be “ridiculous” to pass any kind of reform bill when the country has “a president that we can't trust,” Ryan said, according to Wispolitics.com.
He said he wouldn't bring any measure to the floor that didn't have the support of the majority of the Republican caucus, and it seems pretty unlikely that any substantive bill would win that anytime soon. The Republican conference “needs consensus to proceed” on such a “controversial issue” Ryan said.
In terms of working with Obama, “I believe we have an obligation to look for common ground where we can find it,” Ryan said, while also adding that he wouldn't hesitate to criticize the president.
His statements against immigration reform are hardly out of character. The new speaker, who at 45 is the youngest to hold the chair since 1869, signed a pledge not to pursue a reform bill earlier this week at the behest of conservative House members.
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Ryan's opposition to reform was “a source of deep disappointment.”
“I don't know that there's anybody around here that's surprised by this recent declaration from Speaker Ryan,” Earnest said at his press briefing on Thursday.
President Trump on Thursday said he thinks there is enough to support in the Senate to pass its 2018 budget resolution, a key step toward tax reform, but added, "who knows?"
"Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?" he tweeted.
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 19, 2017
The Senate takes up the budget on Thursday with a free-wheeling vote-a-rama marathon during which there are fewer restrictions on amendments.
ADVERTISEMENT
If Republicans can pass the budget resolution, they can utilize a legislative tool called reconciliation that would allow them to move tax legislation through the Senate on a simple majority vote.
Otherwise, tax reform would need 60 votes, which would make the GOP proposal's passage much less likely, as it would need to pull support from all Republican lawmakers as well as some Democrats.
Trump's Council of Economic Advisers released a paper on Monday arguing that the GOP proposal to cut the corporate tax rate would help to work families by increasing average household incomes by $4,000 to $9,000 annually
“We want to make sure that the middle class is the biggest beneficiary of the tax cuts and tax reform,” Trump told reporters on Monday.
“It's a middle-class bill. That's what we're thinking of. That's what I want,” the president continued.
A man, wearing a marijuana-themed hat and sunglasses, is pictured during the annual 4/20 day, which promotes the use of marijuana, in Vancouver Thomson Reuters VANCOUVER (Reuters) - Vancouver city councillors on Wednesday voted in favor of new rules for licensing marijuana dispensaries, despite objections from the federal government, becoming the first Canada city to regulate retailers selling the drug.
The bylaw, part of an effort to slow the thriving but so-far unlicensed industry in Vancouver, comes as the number of shops selling everything from joints to marijuana-infused lollipops has jumped from about 10 five years ago to roughly 100.
Under the new rules, the city will charge dispensaries a C$30,000 ($24,197) annual licensing fee, restrict where shops can be located, and impose criminal record checks for staff.
Marijuana technically remains illegal in Canada, with the exception of medical marijuana, which is used to manage chronic pain and to treat conditions like arthritis.
Vancouver dispensaries say they sell marijuana for medical purposes, but they operate outside of the federally regulated system, which provides the drug to some 40,000 licensed users through a mail order service.
"Storefronts selling marijuana are illegal and, under this Conservative government, will remain illegal," said Canada's health minister Rona Ambrose in a House debate earlier this month. "We expect the police to enforce the law."
The Vancouver Police Department has said it will not crack down on dispensaries, so long as they do not sell to minors and are not selling other illicit drugs.
Vancouver Councillor Geoff Meggs, speaking in favor of the proposed legislation, called the federal government's position "backwards and destructive."
"Wake up, you are completely out of touch with the realities on the ground," he said.
Vancouver councillors voted 8-3 in favor of the new rules, which were amended after public hearings to create a two-tier licensing system, allowing so-called "Compassion Clubs" to pay a licensing fee of C$1,000. The clubs are non-profit societies that also offer subsidized health services to screened clients.
(Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
The $250 million complex houses the 13th official presidential library, and the third in Texas, but it is the first of the iPad era. The exhibits are filled with modern gadgetry and 25 different films and interactive videos. Many of the artifacts of the period are on display — a butterfly ballot from Palm Beach County, Fla., a replica of Mr. Bush's Oval Office, the bullhorn he used at ground zero and a gnarled steel beam from the World Trade Center demolished on Sept. 11, 2001.
The museum's 14,000 square feet of exhibits present the presidency Mr. Bush intended (tax cuts, No Child Left Behind, faith-based social services) juxtaposed against the presidency he ended up having (terrorism, war and financial crisis). Large screens recall the day the towers fell in New York and the invasion of Iraq. A glass-topped Defending Freedom Table allows visitors to pull up briefing materials, videos and maps as if on a giant tablet.
No president produces a museum known for self-flagellation, and Mr. Bush's is no exception. It does not ignore controversies like the weapons of mass destruction that were never found in Iraq, but it does not dwell on them either. In the Iraq display it says flatly, “No stockpiles of W.M.D. were found.” But then it adds, “Post-invasion inspections confirmed that Saddam Hussein had the capacity to resume production of W.M.D.”
A six-minute introductory video narrated by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice acknowledges disputes over Iraq and interrogation techniques while defending them as efforts to protect the country. “If you were in a position of authority on Sept. 11,” she says, “every day after was Sept. 12.”
The museum touches on other crises and setbacks as well, including exhibits on Hurricane Katrina and the president's failed Social Security initiative. But it also features often-overlooked achievements, like the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, which has treated millions of people with AIDS in Africa, and the creation of the world's largest marine preserve.
Neill Blomkamp's Oats Studios is doing something special right now, and you may be missing it as it unfolds.
No, you won't see any of these films at your local multiplex. You won't see them at your indie art theater, either. You won't see them in any theater, because the director's new series of short films is online-only. But perhaps more accurately, you won't see these concepts in a theater anytime soon, because Blomkamp's full creativity (and lust for bloodshed) have been unleashed. The nightmares being dreamt up by the District 9 director online are so extreme and so visceral, most studios would never dare to touch them. And for genre fans, that should be seriously exciting.
It's a little difficult to succinctly explain what exactly Oats Studios is, and how it operates. Essentially an independent film studio with a hand-picked crew of artists FX technicians, it's the engine for taking abstract ideas out of Blomkamp's head and turning them into beautifully actualized realities. In the last month, as part of the ongoing “Volume 1” portion of the project, they've released three 20-plus minute short films: Rakka, Firebase and Zygote, along with a handful of shorter, more comedic entries. The results are frankly incredible, displaying both astonishing creativity and boundary-pushing, along with technical acumen that can compete against the best big-budget films in Hollywood. How the studio has the funding to put these kinds of visuals together, I have no idea—nor have I seen any answer in any of the other pieces written about the studio.
Given that the shorts are being released online for free, primarily through YouTube, they're largely unmonetized. The only way the company is actively soliciting fan funding is via an interesting partnership with Steam, which is offering $5 “assets” packages for each film, which include textures, 3-D models and visual effects used in each of the films. It begs the question of what the “average viewer” is really expected to do in support of the creative venture, given that the assets in question are only really usable in their intended way by fellow filmmakers or at the very least people with a background in digital art.
Volume 1 of Oats Studio's output has yet to conclude, with one more 20-minute short entitled Lima on the way, described by Blomkamp as “a current day thriller.” That stands in fairly stark contrast to the three previously released, which are all more easily classified as either science fiction or horror. Let's dive a bit deeper into each of those films.
Rakka
One of the most fascinating aspects of the three films released by Oats Studios so far is the way that each of the trio take vastly different approaches to not only what they're presenting, but the structure of how they're presenting each of their settings. If all three films are meant to be immersive introductions to concepts and properties that could eventually become TV series or feature films, they go about doing this in very different ways. Where Zygote feels like a contiguous chunk that has been cut out of a larger film, and Firebase has similarities but is somewhat less linear, the first sci-fi story, Rakka, is all about world-building rather than narrative. Its entire goal is to show us as many tantalizing corners as possible of this world—a survey of the human protagonists, alien antagonists and the mysterious “angelic” creatures interacting with both and spurring the conflict. We're a fly on the wall, watching select moments of a story that feels so big it could be spread out over multiple films rather than one.
Rakka is, at its heart, an alien invasion thriller with obvious stylistic parallels to Blomkamp's own District 9. The visitors this time around are invaders rather than castaways, and they're reptilian in design rather than insectoid/arthropodal, but the action set-pieces and “rusted-over” look of the world is eerily similar to the shantytown junkyards of the Prawns in District 9—not to mention the human hovels of Elysium, for that matter.
Blomkamp uses the setting, where humans have been reduced to cattle and slave labor for a species now actively terraforming our planet against our will, to explore what kinds of people would likely survive such a scenario, and where they would fit in the new world. Politicians are still around, having capitulated to the side of the reptiles. They now march through the streets, telling rogue humans to turn themselves in because the reptiles “have built a conservatory!” for us as a species.
Also alive are the inventive sadists, as seen in the character of Nosh, a pyromaniac and seeming misanthrope who, if not for the alien invasion, would surely be languishing somewhere in a hospital for the criminally insane. It's interesting to see Sigourney Weaver's commandant character bargain with him for equipment and weaponry—she despises him, but she needs his services. Even when his price is that he wants a chance to blow up and burn some of her people alive, he's asking in the context of making the elderly or infirm into bait—to use them in a trap that could be used to kill an even larger number of the reptiles. And it speaks to the desperation of this situation that Weaver doesn't shoot him for the suggestion. She doesn't even reprimand him. Rather, she's actually considering it, weighing the pros and cons.
Of the three films, it's easiest to imagine Rakka getting big budget Hollywood treatment. It has the kind of art direction and scope (a planetary resistance to the alien invaders) to command a major studio FX budget, and it's also the closest in tone and source material to Blomkamp's previous works, while having room for a large, ensemble cast. Moreover, it has a mystery of the “angelic” creatures that is only vaguely hinted at in the short, and would obviously be explored in much more depth in a feature-length film. But it's also the most conventional of the three projects in terms of its ideas—we've all at least seen an alien invasion film before. As a genre fan, I'd be happy to watch more stories set in the Rakka universe, but it's ultimately Firebase and Zygote that are more creatively stimulating, offering elements I haven't seen before.
Firebase
The second short, Firebase, may well be the most unique of the three, in the sense that there are far fewer films with which you can compare it. Essentially a fusion of demoniacal horror and Vietnam war movie, it's some serious nightmare fuel that is not to be watched by the faint of heart.
It follows a soldier who has sworn to destroy a Vietnamese necromancer of sorts; a peasant who has manifested terrifying powers to raise the dead as unstoppable golems, and is now being referred to as “The River God.” It's a bit more exposition-heavy than the other two, relying on narrated flashbacks from various characters, such as a hideously wounded soldier, to tell about the horrors they experienced at the hands of the River God and his undead legions. The adversary is presented in a way that is quite daunting, with an array of powers that seem to bend space and time in a manner that can only be described as metaphysical. I couldn't help but be reminded of Dr. Manhattan being used by the U.S. government as godly artillery against the Viet Cong in Watchmen. The similarities are obvious, although this time the shoe is most definitely on the other cloven hoof.
Of the three, Firebase is also the most uneven. The performances aren't on par with either Rakka or Zygote, and it waffles between supernatural horror on the front lines of the fight and science-based countermeasures that may or may not be just as magical. I do love the term “relativity castle,” which is the device strapped to the back of our protagonist soldier that purportedly will protect him “from the breakdown of spacetime” caused by the River God, but it feels like a fun bit of techno-babble that hasn't been fully written into a fleshed-out script—they're not afraid to describe it here because the short ends before the soldier goes into combat and has to actually USE it. Firebase is like that as a whole, sporting some beautifully bonkers ideas—including vertically landing Russian jets equipped with flamethrowers that may or may not be real—but it feels the most like a true “short film” without intention to later go back and explain itself in a feature length project. If this one ever got adapted into a feature, I would expect it to be significantly re-written, unlike Rakka, which feels more polished, or Zygote, which is more intimately realized.
Zygote
My personal favorite of these three films is the harrowing, truly horrifying monster movie known as Zygote, which features production design and creature work that surpasses anything I've seen in a wide release horror film in years. The most obvious and oft-made comparison will no doubt be to John Carpenter's The Thing, but the film also seemingly draws upon the DNA of the third act of Aliens, as well as the Necromorph designs of the Dead Space videogame series to create what is legitimately one of the scariest monster movies of the last decade.
All discussion must begin with the mind-blowing creature design. The monster of Zygote is similar to The Thing, in the sense that is assimilates the biomass of the human beings it kills, but unlike The Thing, it doesn't try to blend in and hide inside the appearances of normalcy. Rather, as this thing kills more and more people, the bodies (especially the limbs) just become fused or grafted onto a vaguely bipedal shape. After a few dozen people, this has generated a hulking monstrosity with pseudopod-like “arms” and “legs” made of countless human appendages, and a head of sorts that is studded with dozens of eyes. It's a truly nightmarish design that would easily fit the aesthetic of Dark Souls or Bloodborne, to make another gaming comparison.
Opposing this mass of writhing limbs is a young woman played by Dakota Fanning, although “opposing” is probably being far too generous—she just desperately needs to get somewhere more secure, while simultaneously trying to guide a badly wounded colleague along, and dealing with a personal revelation that is completely redefining how she's seen herself through her entire life. Suffice to say, Dakota is having one rough day in Zygote, and her terror feels very real and very earned. It's easy to forget that the elder Fanning is still only 23, and may yet become a bigtime Hollywood leading lady. If Zygote were ever made into a full feature (and it really feels like a perfect mid-budget horror feature), then one would hope she would return, because the role simply feels right.
It's the little touches of Zygote that are so effectively haunting. The abandoned science/mining outpost strewn with gore feels like a mixture of the Nostromo from Alien and the facility from the classic sci-fi shooter System Shock. The creature, having absorbed the consciousness, memories and knowledge of the entire facility's crew, is ungainly but intelligent at the same time. There's a moment when it needs to access a building with fingerprint ID's, and not knowing which of its many limbs has the correct set of prints, it simply starts trying them one at a time until it works. It's a more skin-crawling sequence than any of them featuring the film's bombastic gore effects, precisely for the fact that it's the kind of coldly logical behavior you just never see a monster engage in during a horror film. You expect a hideous monster to smash a door down … not slowly cycle through a few dozen fingers, looking for the one that opens it without resistance.
Of all the projects, Zygote is the tightest and most easy to imagine adapting into a single feature film, and on a more modest budget than Rakka. The segment we see feels like it was simply cut straight out of the third act, although it ends in an interesting place that is not quite a conclusion—it feels like there's still one or two more big scenes to come. I'm sincerely hoping that I'll get to see more of Zygote some day.
There are a handful of other short films on the Oats Studios YouTube page, most notably the darkly hilarious “Cooking with Bill” series, which channels some of the spirit of one of Tim & Eric's bloodier sketches, but most of the attention has obviously fallen on the three longer, “A list” projects we've been discussing above. As previously mentioned, there's still one more to come, although we don't know when Lima will arrive. If the previous three are any indication, though, it will be coming with considerable fanfare and expectations that have now risen exponentially.
As a genre geek myself, I could scarcely be more excited about future Oats Studios projects in “Volume 2,” whenever that takes shape. Could that second phase include a full-on independent feature film, perhaps? Either way, it's a welcome return to form for Neill Blomkamp, who impressed a whole lot of people with District 9 before turning more in the direction of commercial viability in Elysium and the poorly received, tonally inconsistent Chappie, along with the aborted Alien film we'll never get a chance to see. If these Oats Studios films are an indication of how the South African director's mind works when unfettered, then I'm all in favor of giving Neill Blomkamp as much creative freedom as possible. The areas he's now exploring are on the bleeding edge of modern genre filmmaking—keep your fingers crossed for a major breakthrough in the future.
Jim Vorel is a Paste staff writer, and he wants a Zygote monster action figure, if it wouldn't be too much trouble. You can follow him on Twitter.
Frank Seravalli TSN Senior Hockey Reporter Follow|Archive
The genesis of the idea stemmed from an idle conversation with a handful of reporters at Penguins goaltender Jeff Zatkoff's stall after practice last Friday, filling the space until Game 2.
The Stanley Cup playoffs have been compelling, Zatkoff said, but he wasn't thrilled with the format. Sidney Crosby previously expressed the same sentiment.
Guaranteed first round elimination for one of the Eastern Conference's top four teams in the Rangers or Penguins just seemed wrong, Zatkoff thought. Especially after each compiled 100-point regular seasons.
Zatkoff isn't alone.
Just ask Chicago GM Stan Bowman or St. Louis GM Doug Armstrong. One of their teams will have a long summer by nature of their first-round pairing - and they finished third and fifth overall in the NHL.
The NHL's new format, instituted two years ago, dilutes the value of the 82-game regular season.
But Zatkoff had a thought: What about a straight No. 1 versus No. 16 bracket?
Forget East versus West. Just have the 16 best teams, regardless of conference or division, battle it out for the Cup. If it means Vancouver against Florida in Round 1, so be it.
“I'm not sure that the travel really makes a difference,” Zatkoff said. “I don't think guys would care about that. The way we travel, once you're on a plane, does it even matter if it's two or four hours?”
What would that look like? Is it even feasible?
The answer would appear to be yes. A hypothetical Broadway against Hollywood clash in the first-round would be gruelling, but the television networks wouldn't hate it:
Hypothetical 1 vs. 16 Stanley Cup playoff bracket:
A New Playoff Format? MATCHUP DISTANCE FLIGHT 1. Washington 16. Boston 399 miles 1 hour 2. Dallas 15. Detroit 987 miles 2 hours 3. St. Louis 14. Nashville 272 miles 45 min. 4. Pittsburgh 13. Philadelphia 267 miles 45 min. 5. Chicago 12. Tampa Bay 1,015 miles 2 hours 6. Anaheim 11. San Jose 342 miles 1 hour 7. Florida 10. N.Y. Islanders 1,079 miles 2.5 hours 8. Los Angeles 9. N.Y. Rangers 2,450 miles 5 hours
Source: FlightAware.com
Last spring, we would've seen a few longer slogs in the first round - Rangers vs. Flames, Vancouver vs. Washington and St. Louis vs. Ottawa - but it isn't outrageous.
This format would level the playing field. Eastern teams could be forced to travel just as much as Western teams, righting a wrong that leaves teams in the East a little more fresh by the final each spring just based on geography. It would also negate the playoff imbalance from the current conference alignment.
Jim Nill's Dallas Stars team has flown more miles than any NHL team over the last two seasons. But the Stars GM doesn't think a 1-16 format would pass muster.
“The Eastern teams would never go for it,” Nill said Sunday. “With the current format, the league is focusing on divisional play and building rivalries. With parity, there are always going to be upsets after the first round [anyway].”
The NHL loves to sell hate and rivalries. That was the key reason behind the push to go back to divisional playoff brackets, an ideal poorly executed at times by the ability of wild cards to cross over to the other side.
Watching the Panthers and Islanders square off this week negates a lot of that rivalry argument. It isn't a prerequisite to a compelling series.
Under the 1-16 format, the Minnesota Wild would not have qualified. They would have been bumped by Boston, who finished with six more points.
“That is the biggest reason for doing it,” Penguins GM Jim Rutherford said. “You don't want to see a team that finished six points behind making the playoffs over you.”
Rutherford said he would like to see the NHL go to straight division play, with the top four teams from each division earning a berth. He felt the travel would be too arduous to go west that soon.
His Penguins would still face the Rangers, and one of them would still be eliminated in the first round, but he was fine with that.
“Look at the wild cards, they're capable of beating the No. 1 seed almost every year,” Rutherford said. “The parity in the league is so great now that there is rarely an easy first round. It's going to be tough no matter who you play.”
Under his format, Rutherford acknowledged the fifth Central division team wouldn't make the playoffs in favour of a fourth Pacific division team that finished with 10 fewer points. He didn't like that, either.
“I don't think there is a perfect format out there,” Rutherford said. “Each setup has its own drawbacks.”
Then again, we all might be thinking too hard. The old format may have been just fine.
“I would like to go back to one versus eight in each conference,” Sabres GM Tim Murray said.
Islanders coach Jack Capuano picked a pretty good time for his first successful challenge in 85 games this season. How big was it? The Isles wanted to bestow their player-picked postgame award, a heinous 90s-era leather jacket, on video coach Matt Bertani for catching Jonathan Huberdeau's offside entry. The jacket went to overtime hero Thomas Hickey, but that moment might not have been possible without Bertani's eye. Aaron Ekblad's disallowed goal would've made it 3-0. The successful challenge, a timely 5-on-3 power play and a crazy swing of momentum allowed the Islanders to pull even at 3-3 before the end of the second. Capuano's first two challenges of the year did not overturn calls.
The NHL's general managers have two weapons at their disposal for their next meeting in June to refine the process of the offside challenge. They can push to have the league's Situation Room in Toronto make the decision to speed up the process. They can also move to change the wording of the offside rule itself, making it less stringent so that, theoretically, fewer calls would be challenged in the future. The current rule wasn't written with the idea of frame-by-frame dissection in mind. It has been called the same way since the 1950s. Let's not forget, just a month ago the response from GMs on the coach's challenge in Boca Raton, Fla., was overwhelmingly positive. While removing the egregious mistake was the intended goal, whether a play was offside by millimeters or a yard doesn't change the fact it is offside. We'll see how much of an appetite there is to change a traditional rule, one with roots in 1930.
“We talked about whether the foot is in the air, or it's the plane [of the blue line] but we're going to leave that alone,” Red Wings GM Ken Holland said on March 14. “We're talking history and tradition and the way officials have ruled the game for a long time. I think that's good for right now … We'll let it go through as it is until the summertime, but for the most part, it's the better call.”
Jacob Trouba and agent Kurt Overhardt are expected to meet this week to strategize before negotiations open between the restricted free agent and the Winnipeg Jets. It shouldn't be difficult to set a target after Morgan Rielly's six-year, $30-million deal with the Maple Leafs last week. Rielly and Trouba, both 22, were taken four picks apart in 2012. They both have three seasons under their belt. Rielly has one more point in 25 more games. One difference is they are trending in different directions. Rielly's goals, points and minutes have been on the rise; Trouba has failed to match his rookie production from 2013-14 in those three categories. Rielly has also made it work with Matt Hunwick and Roman Polak as his two most frequent defence partners, while Trouba has sometimes benefitted from Dustin Byfuglien and Zach Bogosian. A deeper dive at the analytics would suggest Trouba compares favourably with Rielly, but there are other outliers in these negotiations, as it depends on how many years of free agency the Jets are willing to buy up or what other kind of no-trade protections Trouba may be seeking. An eight-year deal, for instance, would cost more in AAV for the Jets. Rest assured, fellow restricted free agents Seth Jones, Rasmus Ristolainen, Hampus Lindholm and Matt Dumba will all be taking notes.
Trouba and Rielly stack up as top pair defencemen league-wide in nearly every advanced stat category except for slowing down opponent shots and goals:
For all the gamesmanship, it was interesting to hear Rangers coach Alain Vigneault shake his head and admit it was challenging to keep up with his Penguins counterpart Mike Sullivan's line changes. “It kept me on my toes,” Vigneault said after Game 2 on Saturday. Sullivan said Sunday to expect more continuity in Game 3. What does that mean for Evgeni Malkin? Malkin didn't mince words when he said playing the wing with Sidney Crosby was less than ideal, but that might Sullivan's best option. He will not break up Carl Hagelin, Nick Bonino and Phil Kessel. On Saturday, Sullivan shuffled Malkin with Crosby and then Bryan Rust and Conor Sheary. The odd man out was Chris Kunitz, who sometimes went shifts without playing with his regular linemates because Malkin was in his place.
One underreported regular season stat: NHL scoring appearing to hold steady at 5.20 goals-per-game is really an optical illusion. Why? The number of empty-net goals scored has nearly doubled in two years (223 in 2014-15 to 368 in 2015-16), according to the Edmonton Journal. We explained earlier this season that analytics told coaches that pulling your goaltender earlier gave you the better chance to win. Many bought in. Without the empty-net goals, NHL scoring was down to 4.9 goals per game, off from 5.3 in 2009-10. (That number would be closer to 4.95 without the disallowed goals from the coach's challenge.) Nonetheless, the impact of empty-netters has been huge on stats around the league, with Edmonton Journal scribe Bruce McCurdy noting Jamie Benn scored more than 10 per cent of his points this season with the opposition's goalie on the bench.
His 101-foot gaffe was worse, but at least Steve Mason has some company on the Flyers' worst playoff goals list. Couldn't help but think of Robert Reichel's goal for the Maple Leafs as Roman Cechmanek tried to put his glove back on in 2003 at the Air Canada Centre.
Mike Keenan put to bed any rumours circulating that the new KHL expansion franchise in Beijing, China, offered him their head coaching job for next season. Keenan said Sunday he had not spoken with Beijing's Red Stars Kunlun. The KHL's Magnitogorsk Metallurg fired Keenan, 66, six months ago. The 1994 Stanley Cup winner told Yahoo! Sports recently he wasn't sure whether coaching would be in the cards again. He led Magnitogorsk to a KHL Gagarin Cup in 2014. The Beijing job will be a highly coveted one. Whoever gets in on the ground floor there will have a big leg up in tapping into the world's most populous country. He may also have the first crack at coaching China's national team, which is guaranteed a spot in 2022 Winter Olympic tournament as host nation. Out of 1.3 billion people, China has just 1,225 registered hockey players skating at 48 indoor rinks, according to the IIHF. Their men's team is ranked 38th in the latest world ranking.
In a brief text exchange, Keenan also couldn't put his finger on why Magnitogorsk star Sergei Mozyakin has yet to test the NHL. I'd bet there are a few teams willing to try and convince him this summer. Mozyakin, now 35, is running out of time. He was drafted by Columbus in the ninth round in 2002 and never signed. Mozyakin has Magnitogorsk on the precipice of another Gagarin Cup. He is undersized, but his skating is solid and his vision and passing are uncanny. Mozyakin leads all KHL playoff scorers with 11 goals and 25 points in 22 games. Game 7 of the Gagarin Cup final against CSKA Moscow is Tuesday.
twitter embed
Speaking of free agents, we reported last week it sounds like Frozen Four most outstanding player Drake Caggiula has whittled down his list. Caggiula, 21, was ready to sign and make his NHL debut on Sat. April 9 if his North Dakota team lost in the national semi-final two nights earlier. Since burning a year on his entry-level contract was no longer an option, Caggiula is now considering a broader field. Chicago, Edmonton, Philadelphia, Ottawa and Vancouver (in no particular order) are believed to be the front-runners. Buffalo is somewhere in the mix, too.
twitter embed
Contact Frank Seravalli on Twitter at @frank_seravalli.
© Reuters. Bitcoin rallies above $7,000 for the first time
Investing.com - The price of the digital currency bitcoin rose to a new all-time high above the $7,000 level on Thursday, extending a recent record rally.
On the U.S.-based GDAX exchange, hit a high of $7,089.80 and was at $7,040.80 by 05:42 AM ET (09:42 AM GMT).
Bitcoin is up as much as 640% this year after starting the year near $1,000 and at current prices has a total market capitalization of around $117 billion.
The digital currency has been boosted by news that futures markets operator CME Group (NASDAQ: ) is planning to launch bitcoin futures later this year, pending regulatory approvals.
The launch of a bitcoin product by a major regulated exchange could help cryptocurrencies gain legitimacy in the financial world and represent a major step forward in mainstream adoption.
CME is regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which would have to sign off on the launch of any bitcoin futures contract.
Meanwhile, the price of bitcoin offshoot was last at $558.38, up 4.77% for the day.
Bitcoin cash has a total market cap of around $9.5 billion at current prices, making it the third most valuable cryptocurrency.
Elsewhere in cryptocurrency trading, , the second most valuable cryptocurrency by market cap after bitcoin, was down 2.97% to $280.10.
Skeptic,
Here is a bit of history or doctrine that doesn't make sense to me.
Believer,
That can't be true you are looking at lies or misunderstanding.
Skeptic,
Here is the documentation of what I am talking about.
Believer,
Well that doesn't matter because I trust my feelings.
Skeptic,
Feelings can't always be trusted. Here's why.
Believer,
I just know what I know, and besides, even if I'm wrong its a good way to live.
Skeptic,
So you don't know now?
Believer,
No not that, I know, but it is spiritual.
Skeptic,
Like the same type of spiritual that the other religion that isn't yours ‘know'?
Believer,
No not that way, they are mistaken.
Skeptic,
How do you know you are not mistaken?
Believer,
I just know! And besides you are negative toward me, why would you fight with me if I wasn't right, persecution proves I'm right.
Skeptic,
What? You are not making any sense.
Believer,
I just know.
Skeptic,
Contrary to this and this and this documented fact as well and contrary to this and this previous statements you just made.
Believer,
I just know, and hey I'm fallible, prophets are fallible, we all make mistakes. Memory isn't always right, people can be confused, but on this one thing I AM NOT fallible, because my feelings tell me this is true no matter what so called ‘facts' you quote.
Skeptic,
How can I argue with that?
Believer,
Exactly!
The believer wins because the circle of logic is complete.
Give someone chills, share now: Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Opponents of a proposed gay marriage initiative in Oregon had a key legal challenge dismissed this week by the state Supreme Court.
The court refused to hear a
for a proposed measure for the 2014 ballot that asks voters to approve same-sex marriage in Oregon. The wording of the ballot title is important because that's what voters most prominently see when they fill out their ballot.
The court's decision clears the major hurdles in the way of allowing Basic Rights Oregon and the campaign organization it created -- Oregon United for Marriage -- to begin gathering the 116,284 signatures needed to qualify for the 2014 ballot.
Officials of the Oregon Family Council, which opposes the ballot measure, had challenged the ballot title. That's a standard technique used by opponents to slow down signature gathering.
In addition, opponents argued that the wording of the measure would actually r
and that this should be reflected in the ballot title. Supporters called that preposterous.
The Supreme Court never ruled on the merits of the ballot title. Instead, the court agreed with the attorney general that opponents failed to meet all of the timelines for filing an appeal.
This means that Basic Rights can proceed with this ballot title:
Supporters have
of the same measure, both of which have the same ballot title. They have yet to announce which one they will try to qualify for the ballot.
--Jeff Mapes
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 1 percentage point among likely voters who were polled a few days ahead of the much-anticipated debate between the two presidential candidates. The debate will take place Monday evening.
The ratings for the televised matchup between the two candidates are expected to be at record highs. Two-thirds of registered voters say they expect to watch the debate, with 41 percent saying they are “very likely” to watch it.
In a nationwide poll of 1,712 likely voters taken Sept. 22 through Sept. 24, 39 percent of respondents chose Trump, while while Clinton was the choice for 38 percent. The difference between the two candidates is within the margin of error. The other candidates in the race continue to trail behind the leaders, with Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson at 9 percent and Green Party candidate Jill Stein at 4 percent; 10 percent of respondents say they don't know or have no opinion.
Likely Voters Sept. 22-24 Sept. 15-16, 2016 Sept. 6-8, 2016 Hillary Clinton 38% 42% 41% Donald Trump 39% 40% 39% Gary Johnson 9% 8% 10% Jill Stein 4% 3% 3%
In a head-to-head matchup without the third-party candidates, Clinton edges out Trump by 2 points among likely voters, 44 percent to 42 percent, within the margin of error.
Among the slightly broader sample of registered voters, Clinton has a 1-point lead over Trump, 37 percent to 36 percent, with Johnson at 9 percent and Stein at 4 percent. Again, the difference between Trump and Clinton is within the margin of error.
Trump maintains his considerable lead among white likely voters, with 44 percent saying they prefer him, while 33 percent are in Clinton's camp. Hispanics (54 percent) and African American likely voters (75 percent) are overwhelmingly for Clinton. Only 20 percent of Hispanics and 7 percent of black likely voters say they intend to vote for Trump.
When it comes to the televised debates, which can make or break a presidential campaign, respondents are evenly split between who they think will win the first one. (There are two more Clinton-Trump debates and one vice presidential debate in October.)
Almost three out of 10 registered voters (29 percent) say Trump will win on Monday, while 36 percent predict that Clinton will emerge triumphant. Tellingly, 35 percent don't know or have no opinion.
Still, half of voters say the debates will be at least somewhat important in how they vote in November, signaling how much is at stake with each candidate's performance. About one-fourth of voters (23 percent) say the debates will be not important at all in their choice at the ballot box.
Independent voters have a less strong opinion about the debates, suggesting that the TV events be more important in terms of shoring up commitment from party affiliates than winning over undecided voters. Independents are less likely to watch Monday's debate than either Republicans or Democrats; 54 percent of independents say they expect to watch, while 75 percent of Republicans and 70 percent of Democrats plan to tune in.
Twice as many independents (25 percent) say they are “not at all likely” to watch Monday's debate than Republicans (13 percent) or Democrats (12 percent).
Half of independent voters also don't have a prediction about who will win the debate. Those who do have an opinion are evenly split between Clinton (25 percent) and Trump (25 percent).
Independent voters are far less likely to say that the debates will be “very important” in their decision at the ballot box. Only 18 percent of independents say the four debates will make a major difference in their decision, compared with 31 percent of Democrats and 22 percent of Republicans.
Many voters are tuning in to Monday's debate to cheer on their chosen candidate, and they fully expect their choice to emerge the winner. Almost one-fourth of Clinton supporters (73 percent) say she will best Trump on Monday, while 67 percent of Trump supporters say the New York businessman will outperform Clinton. Fewer self-identified Republicans (57 percent) predict that Trump will win the debate, while 69 percent of Democrats say Clinton will win.
Even though both Johnson and Stein haven't performed well enough in the polls to warrant a place on the national debate stage, voters still say they should have a chance to address a national audience. Half of registered voters say Johnson should debate alongside Clinton and Trump on Monday, and 45 percent say Stein should have a spot on the dais.
The national Morning Consult survey polled 1,953 registered voters and 1,712 likely voters for a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points for both samples. Likely voters: toplines and crosstabs. Registered voters: toplines and crosstabs.
The debate poll was taken among 1,953 registered voters. See debate toplines and crosstabs.
Soboroff takes reins of revamped Police Commission
Soboroff calls for outfitting officers with small video cameras in a departure from commissioners' traditionally low-key approach.
The comment, Soboroff acknowledged afterward, was a deliberate nod to the department's decades-long, and still unrealized, effort to equip its patrol vehicles with video cameras that would serve a similar purpose as the body-mounted cameras. In an interview with The Times, Soboroff explained his plan for the cameras further, saying that he believes he can convince private donors to buy the cameras for the department — an unorthodox strategy that, if successful, could bypass much of the city's bureaucracy, internal politics and budget constraints that have hampered the LAPD's in-car camera project over the years.
The technology, he said, needed to be in place "soon." And, by that, he said, "I mean within 18 months, not 18 years."
About 2 1/2 minutes into his opening remarks after he joined the city's Police Commission and was elected as its president, Soboroff called bluntly for the department to outfit officers with small video cameras that attach to their uniforms and would record potentially controversial encounters.
Although it was only his opening gambit as a commissioner, Soboroff's call for the cameras seemed to signal a departure from his predecessors, who brought a more passive style to the post or, at least, opted to wield their authority more quietly and behind the scenes.
"I absolutely plan to bring a new approach to this job," said Soboroff, a wealthy businessman. He added that his experience pushing mega-projects such as Staples Center through the city's bureaucratic and political machines has given him an understanding of how to get things done within the city's government.
"If I see something that troubles me, I am going to jump in on it," he continued. "It's important that we're aggressive and transparent in dealing with issues. And we will be. "
Mayor Eric Garcetti appointed Soboroff to the commission after an election campaign in which Soboroff was a powerful supporter.
Garcetti appointed three others to the commission who also took their seats on the volunteer board for the first time Tuesday. They are: Paula Madison, a former journalist and media executive; Kathleen Kim, a law professor; and Sandra Figueroa-Villa, the executive director of a nonprofit community group. Garcetti kept on one current commissioner, Robert Saltzman.
Before the newly constituted commission's first meeting, several sources said, Garcetti discreetly made it known to commission members that he wanted Soboroff to be elected as president — a role that will give him greater ability to influence how the commission goes about its job and the issues it focuses on. Madison was elected vice president.
Soboroff said the idea for the cameras came out of a series of meetings he's had in recent weeks with police and elected officials, union leaders, and a range of LAPD observers. Many of the people, he said, cited the department's failure to fully outfit its vehicles with cameras as a pressing, frustrating problem.
Having an audio and video recording of traffic stops, shootings and other encounters is seen as a valuable and cost-saving tool in guarding against misconduct and absolving officers when they are falsely accused of wrongdoing. LAPD Chief Charlie Beck, Soboroff said, was among those who voiced strong support for the idea of cameras and expressed concern about the slow pace of installing them in cars.
The push for cameras in LAPD vehicles dates to the 1991 beating of Rodney G. King. Over the years that followed, the department's commitment to the idea has waxed and waned. The latest go-round began in 2008, when the City Council earmarked enough money for cameras in about a quarter of the LAPD's 1,200 patrol vehicles. Police officials announced plans to complete the job in the subsequent few years, but five years later, only that first quarter of vehicles has cameras.
Chavez Stalled In Bid To Seize Venezuela Food Firm
Enlarge this image toggle caption Miguel Gutierrez/AFP/Getty Images Miguel Gutierrez/AFP/Getty Images
In Venezuela, socialist President Hugo Chavez wants the state to take over part of Empresas Polar, a food and beer conglomerate known to every Venezuelan.
Chavez has nationalized oil companies, cement makers and supermarkets during his 12 years in office. But plans to seize some of Polar's operations have run into a stiff opposition -- and that's exposed the shortcomings in state takeovers of private industry.
Chavez has cast his fight with Polar as an epic struggle. Earlier this year, in a speech in the city of Barquisimeto in northwestern Venezuela -- where the company has extensive operations -- he mocked Polar and its leader.
The president said Polar's owner, Lorenzo Mendoza, one of Latin America's wealthiest men, would have to pack up and leave. Mendoza won't get to heaven because he is ricachon -- so very rich, Chavez said.
The workers fear for their jobs.
And Chavez threatened to nationalize all Polar: 30,000 workers, 14 plants and 75 distribution centers.
So far, though, the government has only moved against Polar's warehouses in Barquisimeto.
But the expropriation order, signed in April, has garnered much attention nationwide because Polar is Venezuela's best-known company. One commercial touts the pre-cooked flour that Polar has made for 50 years. It's used for the cornmeal cakes that are a Venezuelan staple. Polar also makes beer, pasta and butter.
One of its key operations -- a distribution point for beer and other beverages -- is in an industrial zone of Barquisimeto, the country's fourth-largest city.
There, in vast warehouses, hundreds of workers load beer onto trucks. They have heard the government say it's the state that treats workers best. But they're not buying that argument.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Vanderlei Almeida/AFP/Getty Images Vanderlei Almeida/AFP/Getty Images
Juan Tacoa, head of one of the two unions at Polar's warehouses in Barquisimeto, says the workers oppose the president. Tacoa says workers in nationalized companies have fared badly -- unable to bargain collectively and seeing their wages slashed.
Tacoa had once supported Chavez. But he, like other workers, says Polar provides good wages and benefits.
Chavez has reacted angrily to Tacoa. He has called Polar's union leaders lackeys of the rich.
"Who are they defending? Those who exploit the people, the bourgeoisie," he said.
Robert Bottome, the American-born editor of Veneconomia, a Caracas business journal, says the opposite is true.
"It sounds corny, but this is a company which has been treating its workers right for 70 years and it's been treating its customers right for 70 years," he says.
The controversy over Polar comes at an awkward time for Chavez and his socialist policies. Domestic food production has fallen during his tenure and imports have sharply increased. In a country that takes pride in being one of the world's major oil producers, food shortages have plagued some areas and high prices are pinching consumers.
Polar officials declined to talk about the struggle with Chavez and a presidential plan to replace the warehouses in Barquisimeto with apartment buildings.
But Polar workers told NPR that they feared what would happen to their jobs in a government takeover. They know that once an expropriation order has been signed the government can swoop in and seize property.
On a recent night, Yoh Guerrero settled in for a long night of dominoes with other workers. Guerrero said they would guard the gates all night long to stop the government from storming the warehouses.
"The workers fear for their jobs," he said, "And that's why they're prepared to defend them."
Senate Republicans unveiled a "discussion draft" of their version of health care reform legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare Thursday morning, after setting aside the version of the bill the House passed last month.
With only a slim Republican majority in the Senate, any dissent in the GOP could lead to the failure of the legislation, known as the Better Care Act. Five Republican senators have already said they cannot vote for the legislation as it stands. The Senate bill appeared shortly after White House press secretary Sean Spicer and President Trump himself said the administration wants a bill with "heart."
Mr. Trump on Thursday said the bill will need "a little negotiation, but it's going to be very good." He said he is "very supportive" of the bill.
Here is how the 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, differs from the House's American Health Care Act and how they both differ from what the Senate is offering.
Penalizing people without insurance
Obamacare: Imposed financial penalties on people who don't have insurance.
Imposed financial penalties on people who don't have insurance. House GOP bill: Removes financial penalties for those without insurance. Instead, insurers would be allowed to charge a 30 percent penalty above original premiums if an insured person's coverage is interrupted for 63 days. Eliminates individual and employer mandates.
Removes financial penalties for those without insurance. Instead, insurers would be allowed to charge a 30 percent penalty above original premiums if an insured person's coverage is interrupted for 63 days. Eliminates individual and employer mandates. Senate GOP bill: Removes financial penalties for those who don't have insurance, eliminates individual and employer mandates. On Saturday, Vox reported Senate Republicans plan to add a provision imposing a six-month waiting period for buying insurance for individuals who allow coverage to lapse.
Medicaid
Obamacare: Expanded the insurance program by raising income threshold; widened eligibility in states that expanded Medicaid.
Expanded the insurance program by raising income threshold; widened eligibility in states that expanded Medicaid. House GOP bill: Phases out Medicaid expansion under Obamacare, freezing funding for the expansion in 2020.
Senate GOP bill: Phases out additional funding
Coverage for people with pre-existing conditions
Obamacare: Insurers cannot deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions
Insurers cannot deny coverage to people with House GOP bill: Has loopholes that could mean people with pre-existing conditions are not guaranteed coverage by allowing states to apply for waivers that could eliminate "essential benefits" that insurers have to cover. Premiums for those with pre-existing conditions could increase substantially.
Have loopholes that could mean people with pre-existing conditions are not guaranteed coverage by allowing states to apply for waivers that could eliminate "essential benefits" that insurers have to cover. Premiums for those with pre-existing conditions could increase substantially. Senate GOP bill: Preserves more protections for people with pre-existing conditions than House bill, although critics say assurances are not as iron clad as those under Obamacare. States would not be allowed to obtain waivers for Obamacare rule banning insurers from charging those with pre-existing conditions higher premiums.
Essential health care benefits
Obamacare: Requires insurers to provide coverage for 10 essential health care needs,
Requires insurers to provide coverage for House GOP bill: Requires insurance companies to cover such essential health benefits, but allows states to apply for waivers to eliminate the requirement to cover those services.
Requires insurance companies to cover such essential health benefits, but allows states to apply for waivers to eliminate the requirement to cover those services. Senate GOP bill: Allows states to request a waiver to opt out of essential health benefits.
Taxes
Obamacare: Imposes a number of taxes, such as a 3.8 percent tax on investment income on people earning more than $200,000 per year.
Imposes a number of taxes, such as a 3.8 percent tax on investment income on people earning more than $200,000 per year. House GOP bill: Eliminates most Obamacare taxes, such as the 3.8 percent tax on investment income. Both House and Senate bills would delay implementation of Cadillac tax on the most expensive health insurance plans until 2026.
Eliminates most Obamacare taxes, such as the 3.8 percent tax on investment income. Both House and Senate bills would delay implementation of Cadillac tax on the most expensive health insurance plans until 2026. Senate GOP bill: Eliminates most Obamacare taxes, such as the 3.8 percent tax on investment income.
Coverage for young people
Obamacare: Allows people to stay on their parents' health insurance plan until age 26
Allows people to stay on their parents' health insurance plan until age 26 House GOP bill: Allows people to stay on their parents' health insurance plan until age 26
Allows people to stay on their parents' health insurance plan until age 26 Senate GOP bill: Allows people to stay on their parents' health insurance plan until age 26
Abortion and contraceptive coverage
35User Rating: 3 out of 5
Review title of ChakraKhan FUN!... but...
The game is really rad, love the design, it's a great concept, that I personally feel has been executed moderately well. It may be I just have an older system, but I do notice large drops in framerate, and regular loot delay that can really make it tough to accept the death and start again. I'd say 8/10 deaths are absolutely acceptable, but then there can be those 2 that just make you want to quit because there was no way to see the bomb coming at five frames a second. Anyway I'd say this game does its job, and I don't mean that as a compliment, its pretty fun game that hooks you into refusing defeat at the hands of a condescending triangle, I know he's technically a pyramid, but his personality is definitely not 3 dimensional, I think a little voice acting could really bump this game up a grade. I also think a lot of people touched on what else can be added to improve: matchmaking, more classes, like enough so that everyone in a party can play different roles. Could be a great game!
A pedestrian is silhouetted by headlights outside the United States Capitol on Jan. 3 in Washington. (Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
In his farewell address to the nation, then-President Barack Obama called for an end to partisan gerrymandering, saying that congressional districts should be drawn “to cater to common sense and not rigid extremes.” After his presidency, Obama will work with former attorney general Eric Holder, who will lead the National Democratic Redistricting Initiative, a group established to challenge Republican-drawn district maps in the courts.
One obstacle is that the Supreme Court has yet to recognize a discernible and manageable standard for identifying unconstitutional partisan gerrymanders. In our recent book, “Gerrymandering in America,” we show that there is indeed a standard to judge these cases that can be directly derived from the Constitution.
Partisan gerrymandering has gotten out of control
Partisan gerrymandering has always been with us. After the Supreme Court decisions of the 1960s, however, the level of partisan bias was minor.
This changed in the round of redistricting following the 2010 U.S. Census. By our calculations, partisan bias in congressional district maps tripled compared to the post-2000 districts — and in a way that gave a big advantage to the Republican Party. To win back the U.S. House of Representatives, the Democrats would need to win between 54 and 55 percent of the popular vote — a level similar to 2008, when both economic and political conditions greatly favored the Democratic Party.
[How different are the Democratic and Republican parties? Too different to compare.]
This increase in partisan bias followed the Supreme Court's 2004 decision in Vieth v Jubelirer, which established that there was no standard for adjudicating cases of partisan gerrymandering. Justice Antonin Scalia, joined by three other justices, argued that gerrymandering for partisan gain was inherently “non-justiciable” — it was a political matter in which the court had no business intervening.
As a result, state governments did not have to fear judicial reprimand, and so were free to push partisan gerrymandering to the limit. But with the death of Scalia and the recent successful challenge to Wisconsin's state legislative maps, this 5-4 ruling appears increasingly vulnerable. Although Justice Anthony M. Kennedy agreed in Vieth that no single standard currently existed, he held out the possibility that one could be identified.
[The U.S. is getting more racially diverse. But Democrats may not benefit.]
The challenge for reformers, however, is that the courts need a judicial standard, which is different from a mere scientific standard. A judicial standard must be judicially discernible — it has to be derived from a specific right given in the Constitution. It also has to be judicially manageable — it needs to provide courts with clear guidance on how to rule.
There is a perfectly good scientific standard for determining whether there is partisan gerrymandering. This is the “partisan symmetry” measure developed by Andrew Gelman and Gary King. Essentially, symmetry requires that a specific share of the popular vote (say, 60 percent) would translate into the same number of congressional seats, regardless of which party won that share of the vote. For instance, if winning 60 percent of the popular vote in a state gives the Republican Party 65 percent of the congressional seats, then the Democratic Party should also win 65 percent of the seats if it wins 60 percent of the vote.
[Why the Women's March may be the start of a serious social movement]
Notably, this is not as strict as a proportionality standard, which would require that each party's voters obtain a share of seats in proportion to the party's vote share. Symmetry simply demands that every voter receives the same strength of representation, regardless of which party they vote for. There are proven, well-established techniques to measure symmetry and provide error bounds.
The main difficulty is showing that this scientific standard is judicially discernible. The partisan symmetry measure demonstrates where the two parties are not treated equally. But as Justice Scalia pointed out in his Vieth opinion, parties do not have a right to equal representation, any more than any other social group. It is only individual voters who have a right to equal treatment under the 14th Amendment and Article 1 of the Constitution.
[Most of Trump's executive orders aren't actually executive orders. Here's why that matters.]
In our book, we show that the partisan symmetry standard can be logically derived from the equal treatment of individual voters, based on recent results in social choice theory. In partisan elections, you cannot treat all individual voters equally without treating all parties equally. This means that the party that gets more votes must get more seats. This sounds obvious, but it is precisely what the Supreme Court did not accept in the Vieth case. We show — line by mathematical line — that this logic is inescapable.
If the party that gets the most votes nationally is to get a majority of the seats, then state districting plans also have to treat parties equally — that is, satisfy partisan symmetry. If a redistricting plan violates partisan symmetry, then it necessarily violates the equal treatment of individual voters. Thus, the partisan symmetry standard is indeed judicially discernible from the Constitution.
The fact that partisan symmetry can be derived directly from equal protection is an important advantage over other standards that have been proposed (such as Nicholas Stephanopoulos and Eric McGhee's “efficiency gap”). Such standards require additional assumptions that would need to be constitutionally justified.
[Trump wants voter registrations investigated. Here's how 20 states are doing it.]
Given that partisan symmetry is judicially discernible, it is straightforward to demonstrate that it is judicially manageable — that is, it gives clear guidance. We show that the congressional district maps in a majority of states very clearly do not violate the standard. It turns out that partisan symmetry is only a problem in states where one party controls the entire redistricting process. Eighteen states violate the standard, and only one of these (Indiana) is remotely close to meeting it.
Thus, we have a clear standard for measuring partisan gerrymandering that can be logically derived from the Constitution. This is a matter that the new Supreme Court may take up soon, and will have the opportunity to address. If they do not, the composition of the House of Representatives will continue to be determined by state legislatures once every 10 years, instead of by the people every two years.
Anthony McGann is a professor at the School of Government and Public Policy in at the University of Strathclyde.
Charles Anthony Smith is a professor in the political science department at the University of California, Irvine.
Michael Latner is associate professor of political science at California Polytechnic State University. Find him on Twitter @mlatner.
Alex Keena is a visiting professor in the department of political science at the University of Richmond.
It's been suspiciously quiet in the Avenged Sevenfold camp over the last few months – especially when it comes to info about their new album. Even when they have poked their heads above the parapet – such as a high profile support slot with Metallica in August – there was no mention of the follow up to 2013's Hail To The King, let alone any new songs. In fact the only clue we've had about what's happening was when frontman M Shadows teased a new track back in April.
But things are starting to stir. The band's Deathbat logo appeared on the side of buildings in London, Toronto and Paris. What could it mean? Is the new album finally done and on its way? And if that's the case, what can we expect from it? We've drawn up a wishlist…
—
A Beyoncé-style surprise release
Beyoncé, Radiohead and U2 have all released albums without any advance fanfare to resounding success, but no metal band has tried it. Could Avenge be the first? Imagine if the new album suddenly appeared on Spotify or iTunes, without any tiresome build up or endless interviews about how the album sounds? The excitement would be ramped up to fever pitch. They've got this far without us knowing a damn thing about it. Why not see it through to its logical conclusion.
Let Synyster Gates and Zacky Vengeance off the leash
Sure, Hail To The King was a massive success, hitting No.1 in the US and UK and scoring the band a Download headlining slot. But it was a much more straightforward affair than their earlier albums, not least in the guitar stakes. They are two of the very best in the business at this point, but we only got hints at their talents last time. We'd hope for a little less 4⁄ 4 stomps and a bit more of the classic rhythmic push and pull and dual interplay between those two please.
A bit of of personality from Brooks Wackerman
There's no way to sugar coat this: the death of Jimmy ‘The Rev' Sullivan back in 2009 is something that Avenged Sevenfold have really yet to recover from on a musical as well as a personal level. Mike Portnoy did a great job recreating his unique style on 2010's Nightmare, but on Hail To The King the now-departed Iran Ilejay's more traditional style left the band without one of their signature sounds. Now former Bad Religion drummer Brooks Wackerman has to step into those massive shoes. To adequately fill them he'll need to express himself through his drums like he never has before, quite a task.
Bring back the sleaze
It is perhaps completely understandable, give its circumstances, that Nightmare was a much darker and sombre album than we were used to from Avenged Sevenfold. And Hail To The King traded far more on bombast and classic metal power than they ever had. But back when the band dropped the classic City Of Evil album in 2005 it was the meld of Metallica's power mixed with Guns ‘N' Roses decadent, glammed up excess that made them such an exciting proposition. And that second element has certainly diluted over the years. Plus the band were loud mouthed, cocky and brash. Lord knows we need rock stars in 2016. Let's have a bit of that cocksure attitude back please fellas.
A7X back in their "cocky" days (Image: © Getty Images)
A touch of Danny Elfman
Although Avenged are pretty open about their influences – Metallica, Guns N' Roses, Iron Maiden – there is one influence that isn't always mentioned. Namely Danny Elfman, the Hollywood composer most famous through his work on Tim Burton's Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands and The Nightmare Before Christmas to name just a few. Listen to any classic Avenged and the quirky gothic noir that Elfman brings to his compositions is always lurking in the background. It was a much more straight forward affair on Hail To The King, with only Requiem embracing the cinematic scope of old. A7X would do well to channel their love of gothic pop-culture to make them stand out once again.
A great album cover
So Hail To The King was Avenged Sevenfold's Black Album. We get it. But one thing that really let it down was the dull-as-James Hetfield's-dishwater cover. Avenged are a band with a striking image, a rigid sense of their own identity, and, these days, the budget to base huge stadium shows around whatever the artwork will be. It's massively important they get the whole package right this time. Let's see something special.
M Shadows To Start Screaming Again
Too much? Okay, forget it.
Seven reasons why you should be excited that Avenged Sevenfold are back
Ten Things You Need To Know About Avenged Sevenfold's New Drummer
The 11 best Avenged Sevenfold songs chosen by Fearless Vampire Killers
Derek Pedro spent much of his life using opioids. Photo via Facebook
This post originally appeared on VICE Canada
Derek Pedro has been in pain for his entire life.
Pedro, 44, suffers from migraines and a form of Ehlers–Danlos syndrome, which affects the collagen in his body, making his joints incredibly loose. Together, the two conditions have caused him pain since the age of six.
Pedro, who lives in Hamilton, Ontario, told VICE he was prescribed demerol, an opioid painkiller, when he was 12 years old. As he grew older, and underwent surgeries for his knees, shoulders, hernias, and spine, he was prescribed other opioids, including fentanyl patches, Percocet, and oxycodone.
He says he expressed concern about getting hooked on Percocet and was told by his doctor: "If you're taking it for pain you won't get addicted." But he did. At the height of his opioid use, he was taking 300-400 Percocets a month, combined with three-to-four 40 milligram doses of oxycodone a day. He even overdosed in the shower from a fentanyl patch.
One day, while about to leave his house for a vacation with his family, he said he had a moment of clarity.
"All of a sudden I can't find my pill bottle... and I was like 'we're not going anywhere until I find my pills'," Pedro said. "There was a feeling that I never want to feel again, it was the feeling of addiction."
Pedro eventually got a medical license to grow weed in Canada and began weaning himself off pills in 2005. By late 2007, he was no longer using any opioids.
"Cannabis hasn't cured me. But it's made my life tolerable when it comes to pain," he said. "I am a productive and engaged father. That is the most important thing in my life."
The Liberal government's Task Force on Cannabis Legalization and Regulation released dozens of recommendations this week on how the legal weed regime in Canada should look. While much of the report focused on recreational use, it also recommended more clinical research about the medical use of cannabis with the aim of bringing cannabis-based drugs onto the market.
But some Canadians, including doctors and patients who deal with pain, are asking why the government hasn't already embraced cannabis as an alternative to opioids—especially with the country in the grips of a deadly overdose crisis.
Canada is the second largest per capita consumer of prescription opioids in the world, according to the Canadian Centre for Substance Abuse. In August, Benedikt Fischer, a scientist with the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, told a national physicians conference that opioid prescriptions for pain rose 200 percent in the last decade. At 134 milligrams per capita, our morphine consumption alone is almost double America's 73 milligrams per capita.
Meanwhile, overdose-related deaths have soared; 2,500 Ontarians died from prescription opioids from 2011 and 2014, with opioid deaths increasing by 24 percent. Fentanyl—a painkiller up to 100 times stronger than morphine—is responsible for hundreds of deaths across Canada, including 488 in BC from January to August 2016, a 61 percent increase over the same time period the year prior.
Despite its rampant popularity, opioids are actually a poor solution for long term pain, explained Alan Bell, a clinical researcher and professor at the University of Toronto who sits on the medical advisory board for Tweed, one of Canada's largest licensed producers.
Bell told VICE that patients tend to build up a tolerance for opioids after consuming them over time, reducing the efficacy of the drugs. Opioids should be used in acute pain situations—like when a person breaks a bone.
"There is no solid evidence that opioids are particularly effective for long term chronic pain management," said Bell. Likewise, Pedro said that opioids didn't help with his migraines, they just sometimes staved them off.
Bell also explained that with increases in doses due to higher tolerances, the potential for developing a dependence and overdosing goes up. In fact, when some people come off opioids their symptoms return with a vengeance or they have withdrawal symptoms, he says, that can lead them to want to use more, sometimes turning to the street to find the drugs.
So where does weed fit in? Research has shown cannabinoids can be very effective at treating neuropathic pain, Bell explains, and can help reduce the amount of opioids a patient would require. Studies for both families of drugs tend to be short term but Bell says given the choice between a high toxicity drug that can also be highly addictive and a drug with minimal risk of overdose and dependency, "I think I would lean toward a safer drug." In the US, a growing body of research shows states with medical marijuana have fewer painkiller overdoses—and some pharmaceutical companies are even lobbying against pot.
Still, the Canadian Pain Society recommends opioids over cannabinoids. And Bell says many of his physician colleagues "are far more comfortable prescribing opioids, which is completely illogical." Doctors from the BC Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS expressed a similar point of view in an editorial in the Canadian Journal of Public Health last year.
Eden Medicinal Society, a chain of dispensaries with locations in Vancouver and Toronto, tried an opioid reduction program in BC through which patients were given cannabis capsules to augment methadone replacement therapy.
In a statement to VICE, the dispensary said informal observation suggested the program was effective in reducing methadone dependency. It is currently being studied further.
Medical marijuana patient Justin Loizos, who has a dispensary in north Toronto, told VICE he advises patients on how they might go about easing off opioids. Loizos, 32, was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis four years ago. He suffers from pain, spasms, dizziness, and is sometimes confined to a wheelchair or hospitalized due to "excruciating pain."
But he has managed to keep from using narcotic painkillers because of his cannabis regime.
He tries to have 1000 milligrams of THC in his system at all times, which he consumes by doing dabs (shatter) in the morning and orally ingesting phoenix tears—an oil extract—in a capsule every four to six hours.
The government task force report did address concentrates like shatter, noting that they contain up to 80 percent THC, but, rather than suggesting an outright ban, it recommended the government proceed with caution when it comes to such products.
Horatio Delbert, a Vancouver-based extractions specialist, claimed that his concentrates, some of them in the form of white powders virtually indistinguishable from a narcotic, are so advanced that they can directly compete with drugs like oxycodone and fentanyl.
"If you can understand certain types of problems well enough, concentrates are opioids, they're just natural," he said, adding cannabis extracts "don't have the downside of pharmaceuticals."
He explained that his clients will pay $135 for half a gram of his extracts—more than three times the street value of cocaine—used to treat everything from insomnia and anxiety to painful conditions like Crohn's disease.
Bell, however, explained that there is no clinical evidence to support the medical use of products like shatter.
Pedro said he currently smokes around 15-20 joints a day, does a couple grams of shatter, and eats homemade edibles, like muffins and cookies. He makes his own concentrates using ethanol, which is currently allowed under Canada's medical marijuana program.
When he was using opioids heavily, he says he was incapacitated, at times dizzy, nauseous, and sweating. He was also 25 pounds heavier.
These days he works as a consultant for several licensed producers. He still has pain, but says he is happy and is helping other opioid users discover the benefits of medicinal cannabis.
"I have my life back," he said. "I had a miracle happen to me and I just wanted to spread it around."
Follow Manisha Krishnan on Twitter.
The 72nd Annual St. John Armenian Food Festival begins on Saturday, October 18, 2014 at Noon. Join us for the festivities! Celebrate authentic Armenian delicacies, music and dance from our Homeland. There will be children's entertainment. If you are interested in helping our parish before or during the event, please contact the church office 415-661-1142.
Schedule
Anytime is a good time to come to the Food Festival!
Saturday, October 18
Food will be served from 12:00noon - 9:00pm
Armenian Dancing from 9:00pm-12:00am
Karoon Dance Ensemble fold dance performances in the evening
Church tours throughout the day
Sunday, October 19, 2013
Divine Liturgy 10:30am - 12:00noon
Food and festivities 12:00noon-4:00pm
Every year our crew prepares enough extra delicacies to fill pre-sale orders, for all of those that would like to stock up and enjoy our food from home. Pre-sale orders must be picked up from St. John Armenian church on Friday, October 17, from 1pm - 6pm.
Online pre-sale orders have been closed. Thank you and see you at the festival!
Enjoy this article by KQED about Armenian Food, and its special role in the Armenian family and community.
St. John is located at the corner of Olympia Way and Clarendon Ave., near Twin Peaks. Handicapped and limited parking and street parking is available. It is possible to reach St. John Armenian Church via public transportation: Exit Forest Hill station via Muni.
View Larger Map
It takes over 100 volunteers to make the Annual Food Festival happen for the benefit of not only our parish, but also the community as a whole. We need your help to make it possible! There are opportunities to volunteer in several areas:
Sunday, October 12th 2014 for Setup from 12 – 3pm. Set up of tables, chairs, booths, grilling stations, painting, cooking, etc.
Saturday October 18th 2014 from 12pm – 9:30pm. Busing tables, take out food booths, cashiering, Armenian coffee service, recycling, composting, general cleaning, food service, etc.
Sunday October 19th 2014 from 3pm – 5pm. Breakdown of booths, tables, chairs, packing up food service accessories and recycling.
Sign up to volunteer at the Food Festival online! or Call (415) 661-1142
Students: we will recognize volunteer time toward required service hours.
It's time for more Clown News, y'all.
Earlier this month we reported on some of the first creepy clown sightings in Southern California. It was really only a matter of time before the bizarre trend made its way this far west from its origins in South Carolina, a place that spawned another horrible idea.
This whole "clown thing" has been yet another bizarre addition to a very strange year, so we're not necessarily surprised by the nature of the scenario that went down in Santa Clarita this morning; it fits the narrative perfectly.
City News Service reports that a man was smoking a cigarette on his porch in Santa Clarita at about 6:30 this morning when he was approached by a man, about six feet in height, dressed in a "full clown" costume. According to the Santa Clarita Valley Signal, the clown was carrying a machete. Not making this up.
According to the sheriff's department, the homeowner fired a warning shot in the air above the clown, prompting him to run away on foot.
But there's a twist! The man who fired the gun was arrested himself, on undisclosed weapons and narcotics charges after police arrived at his house.
Lt. Rob Hahnlein of the SCV Sheriff's Station told the Signal that this is the "second or third" clown-related incident in the area, and recommended that if a person sees a clown roaming around—machete or not—they should "back away and call us."
Noted!
While most of the sightings have been of harmless pranksters, a couple of teenage clowns were arrested earlier this month for making online threats.
Last week, the Signal wrote that more and more clown sightings had been reported in the area. The article also mentioned that a Facebook group called "SCV Creepy Clown Sightings" was created last week, and is a place where SCV residents can report sightings of their own.
One member wrote that he saw "a clown roaming around on a hoverboard at the oaks apartments behind Costco" while another wrote that he saw a clown who "had an ax, but the rest I think we're [sic] just pranking. Whatever the case it is weird to see a clown 3 houses away that appears to be appearing out of nowhere." Yeah that definitely would be weird!!
Here's a hot tip from another member of the group, who recommended shooting clowns with paintball guns in lieu of real firearms to "act as a deterrent" before you "pull out your real gun and defend yourself without a warning shot."
Ok, Happy Hallowe'en everyone!
Fear of radiation strikes again. This time it's preventing some beneficial medical procedures like mammograms and CT scans by claiming, incorrectly, that the procedures themselves can cause cancer no matter what the radiation doses.
I was shocked to read an article in Time.com (reprinted from Health.com) about the Hidden Dangers of Medical Scans, that says more and more doctors are worried that medical imaging and other tests involving X-rays are increasing the risk of cancer.
It was even claimed that researchers at the National Cancer Institute estimated that the 72 million CT scans performed in 2007 could lead to as many as 29,000 future cases of cancer.
“The more you're exposed to, the riskier it is,” was the definitive statement.
Except it's not - for doses used in diagnostic imaging.
The claims from this article are contrary to the general medical community (CT Scans Save Lives). We can even observe DNA double-strand breaks repairing after CT scans (NAS 2005). The actual experts in medical imaging, the American Association of Physicists in Medicine (AAPM), say that the risks of medical imaging procedures “are too low to be detectable and may be nonexistent.”
“Predictions of hypothetical cancer incidence and deaths in patient populations exposed to such low doses are highly speculative and should be discouraged. These predictions are harmful because they lead to sensationalistic articles in the public media that cause some patients and parents to refuse medical imaging procedures, placing them at substantial risk by not receiving the clinical benefits of the prescribed procedures.”
Yes, I understand the idea of reducing the number unnecessary medical procedures, which was the real philosophical basis of the article. Too many procedures are prescribed for too little reason. But stoking fear of radiation is not the way to reduce these numbers.
Medical procedures involving radiation or radioactive isotopes have never been shown to cause cancer at doses less than 10 rem (0.1 Sv; Radiation and Risks).
All human studies, including the Japanese atomic bomb survivors, Chernobyl responders and nuclear workers, show no adverse health effects at doses less than 10 rem (0.1 Sv; Tubiana et al 2009 and 2011). Live animal studies support this (Raabe).
Yes, high doses of radiation can hurt or kill you, but those doses are much higher than anything used in the medical community for diagnostics.
So there will not be 29,000 additional cancers from those 72 million CT scans. That 29,000 number is just a calculation based on the false idea that all radiation is bad at any dose, even from natural background radiation.
That false idea is called the Linear No-Threshold dose hypothesis, or LNT. LNT claims that health effects like cancer and death vary directly with radiation dose. Double the dose, double the effect. And there's no threshold dose below which it's safe. Even background radiation all around you every day. LNT also assumes that our immune system is powerless to do anything.
LNT was the brainchild of Hermann Muller, and was pushed hard by the Rockefeller Foundation who funded him and his colleagues to take advantage of the Cold War hysteria.
The Rockefeller Foundation funded a National Academy of Sciences Committee on the Genetic Effects of Radiation and packed it with their people including Muller. Their 1956 report on the Biological Effects of Atomic Radiation made these LNT claims not just credible, but accepted doctrine from that point on.
Fear of nuclear weapons after WWII made that easy.
This report also took the scientific community by surprise. Muller's LNT was contrary to the accepted threshold recommendations of the time by the International Commission of Radiological Protection (ICRP; INEA Statement; IRPA 1980). We knew the linear part at high doses, and the Japanese atomic bomb survivors fit right along the line at high doses. But we also knew there was a threshold somewhere between 10 and 50 rem (0.1 and 0.5 Sv).
In the 1920's, Muller had shown that X-rays caused mutation in fruit flies at huge doses, between 1,300 and 5,300 rems (13 and 53 Sv), hundreds of thousands of times higher than anything used in medical procedures like mammography (0.04 rem; 0.0004 Sv) or even a pelvis CT scan (0.6 rem; 0.006 Sv).
Not even the Japanese atomic bomb survivors ever received as high a dose as Muller gave his insects. None of the Chernobyl workers thrown into the actual breach by the Soviets received such a large dose. There was no low dose part of Muller's study. Which was fine. It was great work and earned him a Nobel Prize. But it had nothing to do with low doses and never approached the threshold.
Muller later drew a square-root curve from these high dose points to zero where there was no data (later researchers used a straight line, making the hypothesis Linear). Muller then followed that by saying there was “no level below which radiation was not dangerous,” even though he knew at the time that the threshold was somewhere around 50 rems or 0.5 Sv (Muller's Nobel Prize Lecture: When Ideology Prevailed Over Science).
So LNT was thrust on the scientific community as the accepted doctrine in radiation safety, viewed as “conservative”, even though there is no scientific basis for it, and it is not at all conservative.
But keep in mind that LNT was never supposed to claim the absence of a threshold. As Ron Kathren, Professor Emeritus at Washington State University, put it in his History of LNT in the PIERCE LAW REVIEW Vol. 1, No. 1/2, 2003, “There was no intention early on to reject any other shape of dose response curve, or to deny the possible existence of a threshold or zero response below some specific dose. The linear nonthreshold extrapolation was originally selected for its mathematical simplicity (as stated in every BEIR report) and its perceived conservatism, a fact that has by and large been forgotten or at least lost sight of over the years.”
Fast forward 60 years. This concept of LNT has permeated every facet of our lives, from medicine to food to energy to waste disposal. For the nuclear industry, LNT causes a waste of money, upwards of a trillion dollars over the last 40 years, by forcing us to protect against radiation doses a hundred times less than background.
But in medicine, the effect of LNT is to stop some people from getting critical medical treatment and diagnostics because they and their doctors are worried about LNT, although they may not even recognize that term.
Every discussion of radiation health effects, from the exaggerated dangers of Fukushima to medical radiology, is seen through the lens of LNT. All the numbers tossed about in the media about health effects and risks from radiation are just models numbers calculated from LNT. They're not actual numbers, not actual people, not actual risks. And they've never been observed in history or in nature at doses below 10 rem (0.1 Sv).
The 2005 report from the French Academies of Science and Medicine concluded that using LNT below 10 rem (0.1 Sv) is wrong and that the predicted health effects calculated from it are invalid. The United Nations is starting to agree since LNT has hurt so many people at Fukushima by forcing tens of thousands of people into unnecessary refgee status (UNIS;UNSCEAR Fukushima;UNSCEAR A-68-46).
In fact, LNT has never succeeded in correctly representing or predicting numbers of cancers, deaths or any health effects in any group of people. Ever. It's because the numbers are always in the noise.
Take the LNT-generated 29,000 additional cases of cancer claimed for the 72 million CT scans in 2007. For every 10 million people, over 4,000,000 ± 150,000 will get cancer in their lives (NCI). 29,000 sounds like a lot, but that's not even near the error in these numbers. The 29,000 is statistically meaningless, which is the problem with all LNT numbers at low doses.
Organisms with protection systems like our immune system don't react in a linear way to environmental stresses and always show threshold behavior. We've evolved to deal with background levels of all carcinogenic, mutagenic and cytogenic agents, whether its radiation, bacteria or arsenic (EHP 2014).
Of course there are limits to what our immune systems can handle, and that limit for radiation is above 10 rem (0.1 Sv). Just like it's in the part-per-billion range for arsenic. Or 235 cfu/100ml for E. coli. This is the basis of our health and environmental protections.
There are a lot of things to be afraid of in this world. Getting a medical scan to see if you need help is not one of them.
But you might want to check your genetic pre-disposition for specific cancers.
Let's face it: a disturbingly large portion of the American electorate are not-so-knowledgable about their world. As of 2008, 30% still maintain that Saddam Hussein was stockpiling weapons of mass destruction and 18% think the sun revolves around the earth. So, when our friends in the press ran headlines about how most Americans had heard “nothing at all” about President Obama's recent surveillance reforms, I would have been surprised by exactly the opposite.
Let's take a trip down the rabbit hole of America's civic knowledge and whether it matters to a functioning democratic state.
Most Americans Haven't Heard Of [Insert Issue Here]
Pew surveys released fresh stats about the number of Americans who approve of the National Security Agency's dragnet program, along with a pie chart showing that 50% had heard “nothing at all” about President Obama's proposed reforms.
To political pollsters, results like this would be a regular Tuesday. Indeed, it was almost embarrassingly easy to find the exact same results for any given issue.
–Fewer than 25% of Californians knew “much at all” about the massive healthcare overhaul, the Affordable Care Act, that impacts every single American.
—Fewer than half of parents with children in public schools knew anything about the Common Core Standards, arguably one of the most radical overhauls of education in at least 50 years.
—A measly 39% of Republicans who think the 2012 attacks on an embassy in Benghazi was the “biggest political scandal in American history” could identify that event took place in a country called Libya.
–For kicks, 41% of Americans cannot ID their folksy deputy commander-in-chief, Vice President Joe Biden
Polls Get More Disturbing/Hilarious
In truth, polls may be radically overestimating Americans' knowledge. Respondents are known to offer strong feelings for policies that do not actually exist. To test the extremes of this fact in the most disturbing/hilarious possible fashion, I conducted a national poll to see how Americans thought about military intervention in an imaginary country. This was around the time when the president was debating forceful humanitarian intervention in Syria.
A whopping 63% of Americans polled had an opinion, either for or against, helping out the good people of “Guavastan”. Guavastan, not yet an actual place, is a luxury island I hope to inhabit after striking it rich in the field of journalism.
Some folks got our little joke. One respondent quipped, “guavastan…is that near papaya ville”. Others just had a knee-jerk reaction, “who can prove if they used biological weapons some news sources say pictures are a hoax?” The results were dispiriting to say the least.
Here's the point: mathematically speaking, Americans are bigger fans of believing things than knowing things.
Does It Matter?
It's nice rhetorical fodder to call for greater American civil involvement, but it's not entirely clear that an informed America is a different America. In 1998, two Political Scientists, Arthur Lupia and Mathew McCubbins found the beliefs of politically ignorant Americans correlate nicely with their more informed counterparts. Indeed, this is exactly how a representative democracy is supposed to function.
They write:
“The assumption is that people can make reliable predictions about the consequences of their actions only if they know a detailed set of facts about these actions. If this assumption is true, then it must also be true that reasoned choices can be made only by ambulatory encyclopedias–people who can store and quickly retrieve a detailed set of facts about every decision they make. If, however, the assumption is false, then even individuals who cannot answer simple survey questions or explain the details of proposed legislation may nevertheless be capable of reasoned choice.”
Experimental evidence seems to (partly) corroborate this finding. One of my favorite Political Scientists, Alan Gerber, randomly assigned a group of citizens to receive a free subscription to the Washington Post. In the depressingly titled paper “Does The Media Matter”, his team found no effect of either paper on political knowledge, stated opinions, or turnout in post-election survey and voter data.”
Gerber and others [PDF] have found that informed people tend to shift their favor towards the Democratic Party, which may lead to increased to support for laws focusing on lower socioeconomic status individuals.
To be sure, other democracies around the world are more engaged and civil, but it's largely because they either have a multi-party system or a robust informal civil society. No country on earth is an informed Utopia–or anything close.
That said, I'm more optimistic that information does matter. So, TechCrunch is also conducting its own experiment, partnering with Reframe.it and the Knight Foundation on a so-called “deliberative poll.” Deliberative polls are a snapshot of what Americans would think about an issue if they were educated. A random, representative sample of the population is intensively educated about an issue and then we record how opinions shift.
In previous deliberative polls conducted by Stanford, there have been some shifts in opinion which suggest that yes, information does matter.
When it comes to tech issues, TechCrunch will find out, hopefully soon.
Each year, ESPN holds something called the ESPYs. Apparently, the event is a sort Academy Awards for sports. The idea seems ridiculous. Part of what makes sports wonderful is that it's not show business.
According to Larry O'Connor at HotAir, and confirmed by other reports I've seen, “the ESPY award broadcast was filled with about as much race-baiting, left-wing politics as the Democrats convention in Philly will have two weeks from now.” Moreover, “ESPN, the Disney-owned network that created and produces the awards broadcast on their parent network ABC, went out of their way to feature and celebrate the divisive Black Lives Matter grandstanding.”
The broadcast apparently began with luminous social critics Carmelo Anthony, Chris Paul, Dwayne Wade, and LeBron James mouthing Black Lives Matter lines. Pretending to “follow in the footsteps” of “legends like Jesse Owens, Jackie Robinson, Muhammad Ali, John Carlos, Tommie Smith, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Jim Brown, Billie Jean King, [and] Arthur Ashe” (a mixed bag, indeed), Paul intoned:
Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, Tamir Rice, Eric Garner, Laquan McDonald, Alton Sterling, Philando Castile: this is also our reality.
Really. Has Chris Paul assaulted a police officer (Michael Brown) or tried to pound the life out of anyone (Trayvon Martin)?
LeBron James' words were the most sensible uttered by the quartet. He said, in part:
Let's use this moment as a call to action to all professional athletes to educate ourselves, explore these issues, speak up, use our influence, and renounce all violence. And most importantly go back to our communities. Invest our time, our resources. Help rebuild them. Help strengthen them. Help change them. We all have to do better. Thank you.
He thus recognized both the cause of the problem at hand — broken communities — and the need for athletes to educate themselves about it. The education should have preceded the pontificating.
The leftist politics apparently didn't end with the opening comments. O'Connor reports that there were pitches for gun control and for more government spending on medical research. President Obama and Vice President Biden were featured.
But the worst manifestation of ESPN's leftism isn't the ostentatious leftism of the ESPYs, but rather the network's suppression of other viewpoints. O'Connor reminds us:
Remember Curt Schilling was fired for speaking out on his Facebook page about transgender bathroom laws? And when Schilling spoke out about his firing, he made it clear that it's only a certain kind of politics ESPN doesn't want to hear: One of the things I got early on, people would walk up to me… We had the green room in ESPN, which I kind of turned it into a locker room where everything was on the table, you could make fun of anybody's mom and all the things that go with that, like in a baseball locker room. But I had people come up to me and go [whispering] ‘Hey, I'm with ya. I'm a Republican, too.' It was like a deadly serious thing, like, we didn't talk… like religion on the table was a much easier discussion than who you voted for.
O'Connor also notes the fate of Ray Lewis, who put out a video saying:
Why do we always find ourselves the victims, and now we have the separation once again that we're being victimized because of one bad white cop, two bad white cops, three bad white cops, killing a young black brother. But every day we have black-on-black crime, killing each other?
ESPN fired him within a month, according to O'Connor.
What, then, should we conclude from this claim by ESPN:
At ESPN, our reputation and journalistic credibility are of paramount importance — and that extends to our coverage of the Presidential Election, candidates, issues and the intersection of sports and society. Our audiences should be confident that political pressures or personal interests do not influence our news decisions. At the same time, the news cycle has evolved and there is an increased appetite for broader coverage of candidates, placed in proper sports context.
We should conclude that ESPN is the worldwide leader in bulls**t.
If you're a committed sports fan, it's difficult to avoid ESPN. But if you're a conservative, you should consider avoiding it as much as you feel you can.
THESE stunning pictures show a military golden eagle being trained to take down drones and prevent a terrorist attack.
The French air force has begun training the birds of prey after several unmanned flying machines were spotted near nuclear stations.
Reuters 12 A series of worrying sightings of unmanned drones over nuclear power stations and famous landmarks has seen France turn to birds of prey to tackle drones
Reuters 12 The birds have been fed on top of the drones, and begin to associate the objects with food which they then powerfully attack in mid-air
Reuters 12 A French army falconer works with a golden eagle as part of a military training for combat against drones at the Mont de Marsan base
Reuters 12 These animals have been chosen because of their super powerful claws, which have ten times the gripping strength of humans
Reuters 12 This is one of four eagles, which were reared last year and began their training in the summer to start tackling the potential threat of terrorist drones
Reuters 12 The eagles are trained to think that the drones have 'food coming off them' and are taught not just to attack but detect the objects
Security experts reportedly fear terrorists could fit drones with explosive charges.
Four birds have been reared by the French RAF and taught to intercept drones in mid-air.
Jaw-dropping images captured one of the golden eagles in a training exercise at the Mont-de-Marsan base on Friday.
According to the French air force, drones are "a credible threat for a terrorist mode of action on our national territory just as they do for external operations".
In 2015, authorities were also worried about mystery drones seen over Paris landmarks including the Elysée Palace.
Numerous French power stations also reported intrusions from mystery drones in 2014.
The Telegraph reported the eagles could be called up at major events in France such as Bastille Day on July 14 or a G20 summit in the country.
A military source told the Telegraph: "We taught them to feed off the 'carcasses' of the drones.
"Now, when they see one of these craft, they think it has food coming off it and they intercept it.
"We're teaching them not just to attack but to detect them."
Reuters 12 The majestic creature is captured at the very moment it grips a flying drone with its powerful claws
Reuters 12 In December, a golden eagle trained to intercept drones in midair was part of an air-force display at the RAF base in Mont-de-Marsan attended by French president Francois Hollande
Reuters 12 France has turned to eagles to combat the threat of drones, as the animals have the ability to spot the object from several thousand metres away
Reuters 12 There are reportedly fears that terrorists could place explosive charges on drones and set them off remotely, which is suggested as a reason for France taking these steps
Reuters 12 The eagles could even be deployed as cover at major events in France such as Bastille Day on July 14
Reuters 12 Eagles have already been employed by Dutch police to fight drones, and there are reports they are being considered by UK cops
RELATED STORIES eye in the sky EU reveals plans to have fleet of drones patrolling the Channel for illegal immigrant boats trump's £100m No-FLY DRONe Security chiefs ban drones within 30 MILES of Donald Trump over bomb fears DRONE'S EYE VIEW Sun-dappled bays and leafy valleys, these are the most stunning drone photographs of Britain SWARM-MONGERS U.S. Military unleashes swarm of tiny intelligent micro-drones Exclusive PAEDO DRONE FEARS Perverts using drones to spy on PLAYGROUNDS and capture sick footage of innocent kids No drone zones Brits flying drones near airports could face jail in new crackdown
Eagles were chosen because of their powerful claws, the gripping strength of an adult bald eagle is 10 times stronger than an adult human, reports the International Business Times.
Jean-Christophe Zimmerman, a French air force general, told the IBT: "These eagles can spot the drones several thousand metres (yards) away and neutralise them."
Eagles have already been employed by police in the Netherlands to fight drones, but not in the army.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
Abstract
Social contexts exert structural effects on individuals' social relationships, including interracial friendships. In this study, we posit that, net of group composition, total context size has a distinct effect on interracial friendship. Under the assumptions of (i) maximization of preference in choosing a friend, (ii) multidimensionality of preference, and (iii) preference for same-race friends, we conducted analyses using microsimulation that yielded three main findings. First, increased context size decreases the likelihood of forming an interracial friendship. Second, the size effect increases with the number of preference dimensions. Third, the size effect is diluted by noise, i.e., the random component affecting friendship formation. Analysis of actual friendship data among 4,745 American high school students yielded results consistent with the main conclusion that increased context size promotes racial segregation and discourages interracial friendship.
There were two major surprises on the Big Brother 19 finale: Paul Abrahamian lost by one vote, again, this time to Josh Martinez, and viewers selected Cody Nickson to win $25,000 for being “America's Favorite Houseguest.”
Setting aside Big Brother's annoying use of “America” to pretend that the entire country is watching, instead of around 6 million people, the designation seems particularly absurd for how loathed Cody was for his behavior in the house, especially his bigoted comments—though of course, viewers of the CBS show didn't see that.
Cody may have received votes because he was often the one houseguest who stood in opposition to Paul's domination of the game. He may have received votes because, as David Canfield wrote, “the producers packaged Cody and Jessica as the season's one true romance, with their bond only strengthened by their isolation.”
But he probably also received votes because once again, CBS refused to show its television viewers—the show's largest block of fans—things Cody said.
For example, he bragged about attending and enjoying the riots in Ferguson, which followed the shooting of an unarmed 19-year-old by a police officer, and continued when that officer was not indicted. “I actually went to Ferguson, Missouri, for the riots,” he said. “The night they announced the decision, I flew into Ferguson just to see if I could survive. I dressed up like a bum. I swear. Yeah. We were getting gassed.”
Cody also repeatedly made ignorant and overtly bigoted statements about transgender people. On the live feeds, Cody said to Jessica,
“Do you really think I could give a shit that like point-zero-zero-zero-zero-zero-fucking one percent of the population is fucking trannies? I don't give a fuck. I, I promise you they're not expecting me to really fucking sympathize with their psychological cause.”
Later, he doubled down while others laughed:
“Do you really think they're going to fucking come at a Marine Corps infantryman for fucking saying the word ‘tranny'?”
Cody also used derogatory language toward a transgender person—refusing to use correct pronouns to describe her—though he wasn't alone.
During a conversation in which Big Brother contestant Audrey Middleton, the show's first transgender contestant, was mentioned, Jason Dent asked, according to New Next Now's account, “What the fuck does that mean—she was a she?”
Cody replied: “It was a dude dressed up as a woman.”
Jason said: “Okay it was a dude.”
Audrey responded to this degrading language and personal attack by writing, in part:
A day after a video surfaced of a Fort Lauderdale police officer pushing, slapping and threatening to beat up a man during an arrest at a downtown bus terminal, the police chief promised a thorough investigation into the incident.
During a Tuesday morning press conference, Chief Frank Adderley said the department is conducting an internal affair investigation into the incident, which will include looking at a criminal allegation and then conducting an administrative review.
“We consider this a serious matter,” Adderley said. “We are committed to conducting a fair, thorough investigation and at the conclusion, our findings will be made public so everyone will know them.”
The officer, identified as Victor Ramirez, was put on administrative leave Monday, Adderley said. The case is being presented to the Broward State Attorney's Office for review, and Ramirez could face criminal charges if it is determined he committed wrongdoing.
Ramirez, who has been with the department for nine years, has not been disciplined in the past.
"[There were] three discourtesy complaints, but they were not sustained, and he hasn't been disciplined," Adderley said.
Susan Stocker / Sun Sentinel Fort Lauderdale Police Chief Frank Adderly addressing reporters on Tuesday, Feb. 24, 2015. Fort Lauderdale Police Chief Frank Adderly addressing reporters on Tuesday, Feb. 24, 2015. (Susan Stocker / Sun Sentinel)
Ramirez, 34, was working alone on an off-duty detail for the Broward Transit System at the Broward Central Terminal on Sunday when the video was recorded, Adderley said.
"I know we are in the process of evaluating that particular location, that off-duty detail, and we are looking to increase our police presence there," Adderley said.
He said the department is also in the process of obtaining surveillance video from the bus terminal.
"We need to let the investigation take its course," he said.
The department holds a week-long training each year that addresses the use of force, Adderley said. He said there are some cases where slapping would be allowed.
Broward Sheriff's Office, courtesy Bruce Laclair was arrested for trespassing Sunday. Bruce Laclair was arrested for trespassing Sunday. (Broward Sheriff's Office, courtesy)
"It's a matter of force and if someone is resisting arrest there are measures you have to take and we have techniques in which we take people into custody," Adderley said.
Fort Lauderdale City Manager Lee Feldman also spoke at the press conference, calling the video "disturbing."
"We are committed to doing the right thing — not only the right thing by the city but the right thing by the entire community," Feldman said. "There are 515 men and women that serve this department as officers and the actions of one individual — whether founded or unfounded — should not be indicative of the quality of service."
Capt. Frank Sousa identified the civilian in the video as Bruce Laclair and said he was being arrested for trespassing. Laclair, 58, was released Monday afternoon.
"What you are seeing is a couple of minutes of the entire incident," Sousa said Monday. "We're not saying the officer is right or wrong. Let the investigation play its course and a determination will be made."
After his release, Laclair told WSVN-Ch. 7 that he remains upset about the incident and doesn't know why he was slapped.
"Most of the police officers around here are very reasonable, good people and just have a job to do. This guy, I don't know what his problem is," Laclair told the station.
The more than 5-minute video, which was posted to YouTube after the incident Sunday afternoon, shows the officer putting on gloves and then escorting a man out of the terminal.
At one point, the officer pushes the man to the ground. As the man is falling he can be heard saying, "F--- you."
The officer points his finger at the man, who is still on the ground. The officer says, "Relax, I'm telling you right now what's going to happen …You're not going to go pee. You're not supposed to be here, OK? So get up.
"I'll push you down to the ground, and I'll beat you up if you f------ try to fight me. That's what's going to happen."
When the man doesn't immediately get up, the officer slaps him across the face with an open hand. He then cuffs the man and forces him to his feet.
"I'm not arguing with you," the officer says. "You're not understanding me. We're not going to sit here arguing back and forth. I tell you what to do, you're going to do it. It's just that simple."
The officer searches the man's pockets and then walks him to the police cruiser.
"Now you're going to jail," he says. "I didn't even want to take you to jail."
A witness to the incident said the man appeared to be homeless and had been sleeping on a bench when the officer pulled up. He said the officer told the man he could not sleep there and tapped the man's foot to wake him up.
"He had a hospital band on" his wrist and "looked disoriented," the witness said.
"He just sat there for a minute because the cop had just waked him up," he said. " He told the cop he had to use the restroom. The cop walked to his car and put on gloves. That's when I started recording."
emiller@tribune.com, 954-356-4544 or Twitter @EmilyBethMiller
Suicide attempts are a leading public health issue worldwide, with an estimated 25 million nonfatal suicide attempts occurring every year. In the United States alone, an average of 120 people die by suicide every day. An integrative team of researchers from Vanderbilt University Medical Center and Florida State University is testing a new – and hopefully more effective way – to identify key risk factors for suicidal behavior.
Colin G. Walsh, Jessica D. Ribeiro, and Joseph C. Franklin are hoping to prevent suicides by harnessing the computing power of machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Machine learning is a form of artificial intelligence focused on developing algorithms that have the ability to “learn” without being explicitly programmed. Rather than following a set of static rules, machine learning algorithms can adapt in response to new data. This dynamism is what has allowed computers to win Jeopardy! and beat chess masters.
“Although machine learning has been a part of the computer science field for many decades, it has only recently been applied to clinical psychology,” Walsh and colleagues write in Clinical Psychological Science.
Meta-analyses on hundreds of studies reveal a disappointing trend in our ability to predict suicidal behavior: It hasn't improved beyond random chance in over 50 years.
“The primary reason for this lack of progress is that researchers have almost always used a single factor (i.e., a simple algorithm) to predict future suicide attempts,” the researchers write. “Fortunately, [machine learning] represents a potentially effective approach for the development of complex algorithms capable of solving (or making substantial progress toward solving) complex classification problems.”
One reason for this lack of progress, according to Walsh and colleagues, is that researchers have almost always relied on a single factor (e.g., a depression diagnosis) to predict future suicide attempts. Machine learning on the other hand, can test a wide range of intricate associations among hundreds of potential factors to optimize prediction.
“Traditional statistical techniques are not ideal for such analyses; fortunately, machine learning techniques are well suited for such problems,” the research team explains.
For their experiment, Walsh and colleagues used a massive data repository containing the electronic health records of about 2 million de-identified Tennessee hospital patients. The electronic health records included a wealth of data points including, age, gender, race/ethnicity, prior medical diagnoses, prior hospitalization, prior suicide attempts, socioeconomic status, zip code, and medication prescriptions.
By carefully sifting through this data, the researchers were able to use insurance claim codes (i.e., ICD-9) to identify 5,167 patients with a record of self-injury. Experts reviewed these records and determined that 3,250 of these patients had made a suicide attempt. The other 1,917 patients comprised a comparison group where health records suggested self-injury but not a suicide attempt. These individuals typically received these codes for unintentional drug overdoses, accidental injury, non-suicidal self-injury, or injury with unclear intent.
The research team then developed different sets of machine learning algorithms with information from 1 week to 720 days before the suicide attempt. This would allow them to see whether certain factors became more or less important to making accurate predictions as the suicide attempt became more imminent (i.e., from 720 to 7 days before the attempt).
The machine learning algorithms were far more accurate at predicting suicidal behavior than traditional methods using linear regression. While linear regression might reach up to 60% accuracy, the machine learning algorithms were accurate around 80% of the time – and these models steadily improved as the suicide attempt become more imminent.
“This study provides evidence that we can predict suicide attempts accurately,” Ribeiro said in a press release. “We can predict them accurately over time, but we're best at predicting them closer to the event. We also know, based on this study, that risk factors — how they work and how important they are — also change over time.”
Some predictors were consistently important for prediction accuracy (e.g., psychotic disorders and recurrent depression), while other factors were important only in the days or months immediately preceding the suicide attempt (e.g., age, certain substance use diagnoses, prescription for melatonin receptor agonists).
However, the researchers emphasize that although this research is promising, these analyses were exploratory and these findings should be regarded as “tentative, associative, and exploratory.”
Studies show about 60-90% of people who die by suicide had visited their medical provider within the previous year. In the future, these machine learning algorithms could be used as a kind of alert system to help clinicians accurately identify patients at heightened risk of suicidal behavior.
“This algorithm funnels our attention to the folks who are most likely to attempt suicide so our resources are better devoted to people we're missing now,” Ribeiro said. “Right now, we're missing a large proportion of people who are at risk that we never even think about.”
Reference
Walsh, C. G., Ribeiro, J. D., & Franklin, J. C. (2017). Predicting Risk of Suicide Attempts Over Time Through Machine Learning. Clinical Psychological Science. doi: 10.1177/2167702617691560
The Orlando gunman considered making one of the biggest tourist sites in the world the site of his deadly massacre - Walt Disney World.
Omar Mateen and his wife Noor Zahi Salman visited the theme park in April claims a federal law enforcement source who said that Mateen was looking at Downtown Disney and the gay club Pulse.
There have been no charges filed against Salman and it is not clear if they took their 3-year-old son with them when they went to scope out the park.
Scroll down for videos
New details: Omar Mateen considered carrying out his deadly massacre at Walt Disney World and scoped out the park in April with wife Noor Zahi Salman (couple above with their 3-year-old son)
Happiest place on Earth: Disney World (Cinderella' Castle above) is one of the biggest tourist destinations in the world
The law enforcement source who shared the news of a potential Disney attack with People learned the information after it was revealed to authorities by Salman while she was being questioned on Sunday.
Downtown Disney is billed as a 'eclectic mix of unique boutiques, one-of-a-kind eateries and jaw-dropping entertainment that will have you wondering where the day went.'
There is also no bag check or metal detector to get in, something Mateen needed to sneak by the AR-15-style assault rifle he bought just one week before the attack.
Walt Disney World has yet to comment on this report.
Mateen attempted to purchase military-grade body armor a few weeks before the attack but was denied by a local store.
Had he been able to secure that armor he could have prolonged his attack for even longer as the model he had been hoping to buy is at an 'even higher level than what ordinary police departments supply to their officers' according to investigators.
The other four parks at Disney World - Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, Animal Kingdom and Epcot - would have been far more difficult for Mateen to enter as they have all installed metal detectors.
It is also being reported that Mateen had been spotted at Pulse multiple times by patrons, and would often sit in a corner drinking alone.
Ty Smith told the Orlando Sentinel that he had seen Mateen at least a dozen times at the gay club, and that on occasion he 'would get so drunk he was loud and belligerent.'
He also said that he did not talk much to Mateen but that he did tell him he had a wife and a son and would at times speak about his father.
He was in the area for several days before the attack according to a source who spoke with USA Today, suggesting he had carefully selected his target.
Site: Mateen was also in Orlando for several days before the attack to carefully select his target claim investigators (Downtown Disney above)
Emotiona: Jonthan Dalton breaks down as he places a flower on a makeshift memorial (above) in Orlando honoring two of his friends who died
Forty nine people were killed and another 53 were injured early Sunday when Mateen, 29, opened fire at Pulse at little after 2am in what is now the deadliest mass-shooting in American history.
He was eventually shot dead by police following an hours-longs standoff during which he held hostages inside the club but made no demands.
Mateen had previously been investigated by the FBI on two occasions, first in 2013 when he was interviewed by officers twice, and a year later when he was quizzed for a third time.
The initial probe came after he told co-workers that he knew Boston Marathon bombers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
The second investigation concerned possible ties to Moner Mohammad Abusalha, who had grown up in nearby Vero Beach and became the first American suicide bomber in Syria, where he fought with the Nusra Front.
The Tsarnaev brothers came up again on Sunday night when Mateen called them his 'homeboys' during his call to 911 made approximately 30 minutes after he entered Pulse.
The new system comes into force on Thursday and will pool personal data from more than 60 Google services into a single file for each of its hundreds of millions of users.
The move has been criticised by privacy campaigners and was described as “troubling for a number of reasons” by a group of state Attorneys General last week, who accused Google of invading consumer privacy . The firm has meanwhile argued it is “making things simpler and we're trying to be upfront about it".
For a dry legal document the publicity campaign has been unprecedented, signalling the importance Google places on its data-pooling project. It has emailed every account holder and prominently displayed a link to the new policy on its homepage for weeks. The approach has attracted praise from European officials who want privacy policies to be simpler and more accessible.
The repeated prompts and controversy have seemingly failed to generate much interest among British users, however. According to survey by YouGov for Big Brother Watch only 12 per cent have bothered to review the new document.
Some 47 per cent said they did not even know any changes were in the works.
Nick Pickles, director of Big Brother Watch, said the Information Commissioner, Christopher Graham, should delay Google's privacy overhaul and mount an investigation.
“The impact of Google's new policy cannot be understated, but the public are in the dark about what the changes actually mean,” he said.
“If people don't understand what is happening to their personal information, how can they make an informed choice about using a service?
“Google is putting advertiser's interests before user privacy and should not be rushing ahead before the public understand what the changes will mean.”
Comparable data on the proportion of users who read Facebook's frequently-rewritten privacy policy, for example, were not available.
Google said its new policy would help users with concerns find answere quickly.
"We've undertaken the most extensive notification effort in Google's history, informing every Google account holder, flagging the new policy on every Google product site and publishing a link on our home page," it said.
"Big Brother Watch fails to recognize that whereas large companies update their privacy policies on a regular basis, they rarely take the time and effort Google has taken to communicate them to their users."
A spokesman for the Information Commissioner said officials were working with their European counterparts to "ensure that these changes, and the manner in which they have been communicated, comply with the requirements of European data protection law". French authorities were speaking to Google on behalf of all European data protection authorities, he said.
"It is nevertheless important that people read the information organisations provide them with before agreeing to any changes related to the processing of their personal information," the Information Commissioner's spokesman added.
The new privacy policy does not mean Google will collect more information about users, but information it gathers via its different web services will be combined for the first time, allowing it to build a more detailed profile of each user.
For instance, data on which YouTube videos a user has watched could be combined with their web search history and Google Maps searches to infer their interests and movements for targeted advertising. The new pools of data will be created for all users with a consumer Google account; companies that use Google Apps will retain control over employees' privacy settings.
Google has emphasised that users can increase their privacy settings before the new policy comes into force. The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a US civil rights group, has published a guide.
A month ago, Facebook revealed another redesign. Just as we'd gotten used to their last iteration, in came a fresh new look. Though fresh is perhaps the wrong choice of term. The news feed redesign initially took many aback, holding a somewhat retro feel. Current trends all point towards flat and minimalism. Facebook had done the opposite.
Out of a cacophony of outcries – a standard reaction to any Facebook change – came one interesting article from Dustin Curtis. His article claimed Facebook had originally planned to move towards the generic flat design. However, decreased ad impressions in this new – beautiful – design had led to a design reversal. A reversal towards something more ‘practical'.
The ‘original' Facebook redesign
This article was later shot down by Facebook's own Product Design Director, Julie Zhuo. She made the claim that, rather than focusing on ad impressions, the finalised design was a result of catering for worldwide compatibility. Ensuring Facebook could be used on lesser and greater machines alike.
Which side of the argument is telling the straight story is open to interpretation. We can either trust the insights of Facebook's own employee, or rely on theories unassociated with the company themselves. Regardless, as a proponent of User Centered Design (UCD), this argument raises a conflicting question; Who do we put first, our users or site functionality (or more specifically… money)?
The Conflict With User Centered Design
Whether Facebook did indeed head down this route it opens to interpretation. However, It'd be foolish to say this doesnt happen elsewhere. It is the goal of 99% of sites out there. Maximising conversion and ad impressions are part and parcel of the industry. From portfolio sites, to charity sites: the aim is to have people walk away with the correct impression in the name of profit.
This ‘correct impression' is where the grey area forms. It is subjective. Is the correct impression the one which yields the highest income, or the one which leaves our visitors happiest – walking away and sharing their experience with friends?
In an ideal world, both are achievable – and in rare cases we see some great examples of this synergy. In the majority however, it is a choice between the former or the later; more than likely resulting in the former. This is where we enter the conflict with User Centered Design.
User Centred Design requires us to put our users front and centre of the design process. Everything we do, every finely tuned pixel is to the benefit of our end user. To ensure their interactions – their experience – is as intuitive and focused on their own goal completions as possible. When we shift focus away from the user and towards the site's goal it is all too easy to abandon the user entirely.
Profit Centered Design
A perennial and obvious advert for this user-less approach is none other than video behemoth Youtube. Adverts are the order of the day. The content we want is pushed to the background as we are forced to suffer 30 second adverts for some little-known product. The user doesn't want adverts, the user doesn't need adverts. Youtube however, does; Youtube needs an income.
Aside from Youtube, we see examples of this approach all over the web. We see sites opt for pagination where it is needless; we see pop ups and overlays appear – broadcasting a call to action – when for the last 15 years we've complained of their annoyance. Ad-Blocker has become as essentially a part of our browsing experience as the browser itself. We see designs optimised for ad impressions, rather than viewer delight.
But can we really object to this ‘Profit Centred Design'? At the end of the day, a site has to support itself. Just as Maslow's hierarchy highlights physiological needs (such as food and water) before needs of esteem (respect of others), websites have to cover server costs and employee costs before they can focus on the needs of users.
Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs
So when adverts are served to us day and night, and design booched in order to serve these to more and more customers, do we really have cause to complain?
The Case for User Centered Design
Design is the overlay that renders sites usable, memorable and unique. Part of the User Experience Design philosophy is that we tailor experiences to be memorable, to leave a lasting emotional impression. Users will leave contented, having enjoyed a site. They'll share it with friends and return themselves to recapture those feelings.
Design makes a website enjoyable and something users want to continually use. By putting users at the forefront with UCD, we ensure designs are streamlined to be as effective and efficient as possible. Enabling the user to do what they want and need to do to, wasting as little of their valuable time as we can.
This is the strict divide with the ‘Profit Centered' approach. In putting users first we remove pagination in preference of tidy full length articles (= less site income from ads), we only serve users with the content they need and want (= less ad impressions from our newsfeeds, = less income).
Can sites truly maximise profits whilst offering users the best possible experience?
A Balanced Approach
I feel this is a loaded question: The answer can only be yes in very distinct cases. Revenue generators (Advertisements) aren't the reason we visit a site – if anything the case is the opposite. Too many Adverts and we run a mile. Ecommerce provides the only obvious exception – ensuring user journeys are quick, efficient, and memorable ensures users buy and keep buying.
Elsewhere, with the likes of Facebook and many others, money will always be the bottom rung of that pyramid. The need that must be fulfilled to ensure the site's existence and to keep shareholders content. Happy users are a luxury not all sites can afford.
In a special press conference today, the UFC announced a six-year deal with Reebok that will begin on July 6th, 2015.
The biggest thing that I took away from the press conference was not fighter pay or the loss of sponsorship, but the initial reaction that MMA media members had about the deal.
Here are some reactions from different members of the MMA media, as well, my response to their reactions.
2 questions: 100% of contract $ going to fighters def. sounds good, but a) what does that = & b) what does this do to MMA apparel economy? — Luke Thomas (@SBNLukeThomas) December 2, 2014
This was by far the most insightful comment I read from a media source. It was not throwing bricks at the UFC before even knowing the details, but was a question that many of us do not know the answer to, but eventually do need to find answers to.
MMA apparel companies like Badboy will obviously take a huge hit in sales because of this deal. This is one of the biggest negatives from this deal with Reebok, but not one that will directly hurt fighters, unless they have a stake in the apparel company (Urijah Faber and Torque).
So the guys at the bottom, the guys who need the money the most, get nothing and have their sponsors taken away. Am I right? — Carlin Bardsley (@CarlinBardsley) December 2, 2014
Well, I wouldn't say that the guys at the bottom were making a lot off of sponsorship to begin with. No company is paying fighters hundreds of dollars to wear their logo on their fight shorts while fighting on Fight Pass. It will be interesting to see how much these lower fighters get paid, but before we say they get nothing, let's wait until we get reaction from these fighters, and if they make more from the Reebok deal than they would have other sponsorships.
In 15 minutes we've been told fighters get “every penny”, “vast majority” and “20%” of the revenue from this deal. Yeah, I got questions. — RJ Clifford (@RJcliffordMMA) December 2, 2014
This was the most common thing that I saw repeated by MMA journalists. The fighters will not be making only 20% from this deal, and the UFC will not be making 80%. The vast majority of the money from the initial deal will go to the fighters. Reebok will now sell UFC merchandise in stores and online, and if a fighter has their name and face on it, then the fighter will make 20% of the profits from that item. That does not sound like that bad of a deal, especially for fighters who know how to market and sell their own brand.
Remember when the UFC un-ranked Nate Diaz out of spite? So now, if the UFC doesn't like you, they can directly fuck with your income. — CagePotato.com (@cagepotatomma) December 2, 2014
Nate Diaz being removed from the rankings would have had no impact on Nate Diaz, since Nate Diaz did not fight, which is why he was removed. A fighter's rank will determine how much they are paid, and their UFC ranking by the time they weigh-in will affect what they are paid due to this deal.
Nate Diaz has not fought unranked. He is fighting in Decemeber, and has already been put back into the ranking system. If anything, removing Diaz would have benefited the fighters in his division, and would now get paid more, since Diaz was not fighting and taking up a possibly ranking spot.
I have covered MMA for four years. I am looking through the UFC rankings and do not recognize 90% of the journalists. This is a big problem. — Adam Martin (@MMAdamMartin) December 2, 2014
This is a giant problem. The UFC ranking system is not a joke, but like Adam said, the rankings are filled with people that I have never heard of. Get the professionals and the journalists who have dedicated their life to the sport, as well kick out media that abuse the ranking system.
Fighter Rankings will determine pay??? Fighters get 20% of sales with a fighters name on it. WTF?? Actually, this is so MMA/UFC. — MMA Supremacy (@MMASupremacy) December 2, 2014
How else would we determine the fighter pay? Would you rather the UFC decide who gets paid more, or would you let a semi-neutral outside source, like MMA journalists, to dictate which fighters deserve the most pay due to their performance inside of the octagon.
Also, I haven't found any huge mistakes in the current UFC rankings. Other than Nate Diaz being ranked 14th due to inactivity, are their any fighters who are ranked way out of place? The fighters will get paid differently for rankings 1-5, 5-10, 10-15 and unranked. I don't see any huge mistakes in the rankings that would affect the pay of the fighters.
There's a strong case to be made FAN voting makes more sense in determining reebok payouts than media. Fans' money makes this go round. — FrontRowBrian® (@FrontRowBrian) December 2, 2014
For someone who blasted the UFC for the terrible idea, Front Row Brian somehow came up with an even worse idea. Having fans vote on the rankings or who deserved the most pay is a horrible idea. This would make the pay based on popularity, and not actual skill. I trust the media with rankings more than I do fans. If fans had their way, Anderson Silva, Nick Diaz and Conor McGregor would be the #1 ranked contender in their respective divisions.
For all of the media and fans that are jumping on the hate bandwagon, let's wait and see how the fighters react to the deal. For all we know, this could be the best thing for the fighters in the long run. There is no point in making quick judgements and assume that this deal will ruin fighters financially.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @MikeHutchLWOS. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
For the latest in sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
DIETRICH, Idaho -- A white former football player at Dietrich High School who admitted to kicking a coat hanger into the rectum of his black, disabled teammate will avoid prison, thanks to a plea agreement between his defense attorney and the Idaho Attorney General's Office.
John R.K. Howard, 19, pleaded guilty Friday to felony injury to a child. The charge was amended from felony penetration with a foreign object, which would have required him to register as a sex offender.
Deputy Attorney General Casey Hemmer said in court that he did not believe the assault constituted a sex crime.
"It was egregious behavior. It caused this victim a lot of suffering," he said. "But it is not, in our view, a sex crime, which is why the state has amended this charge. We don't believe it is appropriate for Mr. Howard to suffer the consequences of a sex offender, but he still needs to be held accountable, and that's how we've arrived at where we're at today."
MORE: White Dietrich football players accused of raping mentally disabled black teammate in locker room
As part of the plea agreement, Judge Randy Stoker agreed not to send Howard to prison for the attack. Instead, he will receive a withheld judgment, probation and possibly community service.
E. Lee Schlender, one of two attorneys representing the victim's family in a civil suit against the school district, told KTVB Tuesday the AG's office went forward with the plea deal against the wishes of the victim's parents.
"[The parents] advised us they did not agree to any particular plea agreement, and in fact voiced objection, but they were told 'this is the best we can do, and we're going to do it,'" he said, adding that the couple was "terribly disturbed and outraged" about the deal.
The victim, an 18-year-old with mental disabilities, suffered a breakdown not long after the sexual assault and has been "institutionalized" in various mental hospitals since, Schlender said.
His family has moved out of Dietrich.
Hemmer said the attack happened in the Dietrich High School locker room after a football game.
"There wasn't really any supervision in there at the time," Hemmer said.
One boy - previously identified as 17-year-old Tanner Ward - "took a coat hanger and either inserted, or swung, or in some way caused it to become lodged between the victim's buttocks."
RELATED: Court documents shed new light on Dietrich locker room rape investigation
Hemmer said Howard then intentionally kicked the coat hanger, forcing it into the teen's rectum.
He noted that the defendant and his attorney maintained the kick was accidental. The defense attorney also told the judge he wanted to make it "crystal clear" that the "victim was not at any time pinned down, raped or pinned down and subjected to any sort of forcible penetration."
"That's correct, there is no evidence that he was held down and had an object forcibly inserted into him," Hemmer replied.
PREVIOUS: Adult charges against Dietrich rape suspect dropped
According to the family's civil suit, the victim had been subjected to repeated physical bullying and racial taunts by Howard and other students, including being called "watermelon," "chicken-eater," and the N-word. The lawsuit also alleges Howard put a Confederate flag on the victim's computer, and forced him to recite a racist song called "Notorious KKK."
But Hemmer maintained the locker-room assault had not been motivated by race.
"We found a lot of things going around that school and the locker room involving a lot of the parties here that have racial undertones, but it's not our belief this was a racially-motivated crime," he said. "This was a more vulnerable victim motivated crime. I think it would have happened to anyone in the same kind of circumstance and mental state as the victim."
Schlender said he found the statements that the sexual assault didn't have anything to do with race "rather astounding."
"If you think about it, we don't have that many black students in this state, and certainly not that many at Dietrich High School, and this is a very singular, heinous crime that had a lot of history to it," he said.
MORE: Threats prompt lockdown in Dietrich, mom speaks out
But Schlender was adamant the Dietrich attack was not a reflection of sweeping racial prejudice in Idaho or in the state's justice system.
"I'm raised in Idaho, I went to Idaho high schools and colleges, and I think I know this state pretty well. I went to Raft River High School, which is very similar to Dietrich - south of Burley - so I'm familiar I think with the state's culture and background," he said "A racial attack or a vicious thing like this does not reflect what the citizens of our state believe, or what our culture is. It's absolutely abhorrent and contrary to the traditions and culture of our state."
Howard's sentencing is set for Feb. 24. Ward and another student accused of participating in the attack have been charged in juvenile court.
Stoker issued a gag order preventing both the prosecution and the defense from speaking to the media about the case, saying he "saw nothing serving by trying this case in the press."
Under Idaho's withheld judgment statute, the felony conviction may be scrubbed from Howard's record if he successfully completes probation.
Copyright 2016 KTVB
In Search Of A Father, Finding Herself
Calling Dr. Laura A Graphic Memoir by Nicole Georges Paperback, 260 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Nicole Georges grew up believing she became a half-orphan when her father died in his 30s, but when a palm reader suggested that her father — the one her mother had told her died of colon cancer — might still be alive, she began to look more closely at the whole of her unexamined life. This personal reconsideration is the heart of Calling Dr. Laura, an inventive graphic memoir that recounts this quest, as well as Nicole Georges' coming into her own as an artist and daughter.
The book begins with Georges living in Portland, Ore, raising chickens, working as a karaoke deejay and comic-book artist and going on awkward dates with girls. In the book's first scene, Georges invites a crush over to her house to make the only decent-tasting dessert in a Canadian vegan cookbook (chocolate peanut butter cups). This crush is the one who, as a birthday present, gives Georges the meeting with the psychic that leads her to re-examine her childhood. While Georges' romantic and professional lives evolve, she's also hard at work attempting to connect herself more deeply with the story of this now possibly living father. In doing so, she untangles many of the elements that came to define her past, particularly the physical ailments that plagued her.
As a child, Georges suffers from a stomach malady that complicates her thorny relationships with her mother and her stepfather. Her mother — opinionated, funny and self-involved — tries to be helpful but is also embroiled in marital dramas that often affect Georges. Mother and daughter conspire, argue and love intensely, and the depth of this connection becomes the real object of Georges' pursuit.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alison Picard/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Alison Picard/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
The book is unflinching in its honesty when it chronicles the indignities of a body in revolt, but those pathologies aren't examined in relation to family history, except in passing. Early on Georges asks as an aside, "Is it TMI to tell you that there was always some tension?" The book as a whole is dogged by that concern — of giving too much information — so that it vacillates between frank admission and superficial reference. Why does she check out when things get tough? What's behind her love of advice columns, particularly the assuredly nonvegan Dr. Laura? The memoir has such an evocative complexity, yet that complexity never gets fully unpacked. Perhaps the book's most compelling risk is that her search for her father ends up being a minor thread after all; Georges' real theme has to do with the versions of our stories we create for the people we love — to protect them or to protect ourselves.
Although Dr. Laura plays a short but hilarious part in the book, Calling Dr. Laura is really a chronicle of Georges getting untangled from the complex web of her family history and making a history of her own. Nicole Georges started up the zine Invincible Summer in 2000 and toured with the poetry road show Sister Spit; her work has the DIY sensibility and evokes that period — the infancy of the 21st century — with perfect pitch. Georges' drawing style is sumptuous and distinctive: a little bit Pettibon, a little bit Tomine. Most of the book is Xerox-gray and black, except when she reaches into her childhood; those illustrations have a more comic-strip look, rounder and brighter, but also starker.
Like many of the best graphic memoirists, Georges is able to pluck the funniest and most compelling bits out of a life story, and this is one of the book's great strengths (the gorgeous and strange art is another). Although Calling Dr. Laura might not mine the depths of family history as deeply as a conventional memoir, it's a beautiful and innovative portrait of a young adult who's moving away from old family stories toward creating new ones of her own.
Anonymous was praised for its recent cyberattacks on North Korea, however the hacking collective has shown that it is a friend to no one. The group late last month declared its latest target and this time it isn't a communist regime or oppressive government, but rather the United States. The group stated that on May 7th, Anonymous will start phase 1 of Operation USA, which is a response to acts of “multiple war crimes in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan” and “in your own country.” The group is protesting the Obama Administration's uses of targeted drone attacks that have resulted in the deaths of “hundreds of innocent children and families.”
“Anonymous is speaking it's mind, don't try to blind the worlds eyes,” the group wrote in a message on PasteBin. “We have a voice that we will use, you tried to take from us with the power you abused. You will lose that power by the time Anonymous is done with your nation. Your intentions are ill in aim. The Internet hate machine has come [sic] from our shadows shining light on corruption and having Lulz, and now United States of America, you are in the cross hairs of Anonymous.”
Operation USA, or OpUSA, threatens to take America “off the cyber map” with several “doxes, DNS attacks, defaces, redirects, DDOS attacks, database leaks and admin take overs.” The group hints that its first targets will be major banks, suggesting people switch “from a big bank to a local union.” Individuals associated with Anonymous even claim to have accessed Michelle Obama's social security number, although no proof of the incident was provided.
The Department of Homeland Security acknowledged that a group of mostly Middle Eastern and North African-based criminal hackers were preparing to attack several high-profile U.S. websites, although such attacks may be no more than a public nuisance.
Anonymous has threatened various government agencies including the FBI, NSA and NATO, along with banking websites belonging to Bank of America, Chase, Citi, Wells Fargo and Capital One.
EL PASO, Texas (AP) — A $10,000 reward is being offered as the FBI continues investigating the Columbus Day vandalism of a statue of a Native American woman on tribal land in West Texas.
The El Paso Times reports federal authorities are investigating who poured red paint on a statue honoring Nestora Granillo Piarote, a member of the Ysleta Del Sur Pueblo tribe, also known as the Tiguas.
Investigators believe the vandalism happened early on Oct. 9 at the Tigua Indian Cultural Center.
The FBI is handling at the case as a civil rights investigation.
Officials say they are trying to determine whether the vandalism was bias motivated.
Tigua Lt. Gov. Chris Gomez says the vandalism has brought tribal members closer together and there has been an outpouring of support from the El Paso community.
___
Information from: El Paso Times, http://www.elpasotimes.com
The shake-up happened just days after Apple Music agreed to pay labels during its upcoming three-month free trial, bowing to Taylor Swift's open letter.
After a rough launch, Jay-Z's Tidal has lost a corporate leader.
"We can confirm interim CEO Peter Tonstad is no longer with the company," a rep for the music streaming company tells The Hollywood Reporter. "We are thankful to Peter for stepping in as interim CEO and wish him the best for the future."
Tonstad has yet to be replaced, according to the streaming company.
"Tidal will be transitioning to a permanent CEO as part of our strategic plan to create a leading platform," the rep continues, "and current executives in New York and Oslo will continue to lead our rapidly developing innovation and content initiatives until our new CEO is in place."
The announcement comes two days after Taylor Swift convinced one of Tidal's biggest competitors, Apple Music, to revise its payment policy during its upcoming three-month trial period.
Apple had initially refused to pay labels during the trial, but Sunday, Swift penned an open letter criticizing Apple for the no-pay period, writing, "I find it to be shocking, disappointing and completely unlike this historically progressive and generous company."
Apple responded hours later, promising to reverse the initial plan.
Tidal has also faced considerable competition from competitor Spotify, which has continued to dominate the streaming space since Tidal entered to much fanfare in March.
Suit alleges financial fraud at TBN ministry
A legal battle involving a former high-ranking insider shines rare light on the Trinity Broadcasting Network finances.
"Brittany has done the right thing. It's admirable that someone on the inside of TBN has come forward and is revealing to the world exactly what is going on behind those closed doors," MacLeod said. "No good deed goes unpunished at TBN."
"She blew the whistle and got terminated," said attorney Tymothy MacLeod, who filed the suit on behalf of Joseph McVeigh, the uncle of Koper's husband, Michael Koper, who was himself a high-ranking TBN officer.
Brittany Koper, a former high-ranking TBN official and the granddaughter of its co-founder, Paul Crouch Sr., was fired by the network in September after discovering "illegal financial schemes" amounting to tens of millions of dollars, according to a lawsuit filed in Orange County Superior Court.
The Trinity Broadcasting Network, which bills itself as the world's largest Christian network, is embroiled in a legal battle involving allegations of massive financial fraud and lavish spending, including the purchase of a $100,000 motor home for family dogs.
The legal battle offers a rare glimpse into the private affairs of TBN, which is headquartered in an opulent compound near South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa.
In his suit, McVeigh alleges that TBN maliciously sued him last year in an attempt to retaliate against Brittany Koper.
McVeigh's lawsuit alleges that Brittany Koper was promoted to the position of TBN's finance director in July because the network directors needed someone "within the family" to keep its financial "skeletons" hidden.
The lawsuit alleges that Paul Crouch Sr. obtained a $50-million Global Express luxury jet for his personal use through a "sham loan," and that TBN funds paid for a $100,000 motor home for dogs owned by his wife, Janice Crouch, a network director.
The suit also alleges that TBN bought residences across the country for its directors under the pretext that they were "guest homes" or "church parsonages." The properties include mansions used by the Crouch family in Newport Beach; side-by-side mansions in Windermere, Fla.; and homes in Nashville; Miami; and Irving, Texas, according to the suit.
TBN directors received about $300,000 to $500,000 in meal expenses and the use of chauffeurs, and oversaw "fraudulent donation and kickback schemes involving third party 'ministries'" the network controlled, the suit claims.
The directors also misused funds to cover up sexual scandals, the suit claims.
The suit alleges that Brittany Koper refused to lie for TBN in a lawsuit brought against the network by a former employee, Horst Brandt, who claimed he was fired over age discrimination.
MacLeod said Brittany Koper was fired by Matthew Crouch, son of Paul Crouch Sr., after she submitted a memo to his father detailing her concerns about financial improprieties.
Network lawyers, for their part, said in a lawsuit last year that the Kopers used forged documents to embezzle funds to buy trucks, jewelry, a fishing boat, a motorcycle, a Lexus and life insurance, and gave McVeigh thousands of dollars without authorization.
MacLeod said the courts dismissed the lawsuit against the Kopers and McVeigh.
Requests for comment to TBN were referred to attorney Colby May, who could not be reached.
MacLeod said Brittany Koper plans to file a wrongful-termination suit against TBN.
TBN has been the subject of controversy before.
In 2010, the network settled a suit on confidential terms with a broadcast engineer who claimed he was discriminated against because he was gay. In another case, the network paid a $425,000 settlement to a former employee who said he had a homosexual encounter with Paul Crouch Sr., who denied the accusation.
Network preachers have been aggressive advocates of the "prosperity gospel," the belief that God will bestow financial rewards on donors who give generously.
christopher.goffard@latimes.com
More investigation into the newest beat of iOS 8.1 has revealed that the operating system contains 3x versions of some iPad UI elements. Triple-size elements are used by the new iPhone 6 Plus to maintain “Retina” quality on the larger display, and this change could indicate that a larger or higher-resolution iPad could be coming with next week's announcement.
Like the new Apple Pay UI that was recently uncovered in this beta, the new assets were discovered by Hamza Sood and posted to Twitter:
Some Apple frameworks on iOS 8.1 contain @3x iPad assets. Bring on the Retina HD iPads! pic.twitter.com/QY3rX0SLVy — Hamza Sood (@hamzasood) October 9, 2014
The presence images don't necessarily confirm that such a device will be introduced, but it does provide some evidence that Apple is at least considering it. Apple is expected to announce new iPads on October 16th, possibly along with new iMacs as previously predicted.
Your first name
This week's twentysomething high school teacher busted for allegedly traumatizing a male teen student with a sex romp and a second male teen with oral sex is Madeline J. Marx.
Marx, 23, was employed as a substitute teacher at Kettering Fairmont High School in a suburb of Dayton, Ohio when the sex trauma occurred, reports the Dayton Daily News.
According to a Kettering police affidavit, Marx had sex with a 16-year-old male teen on Sept. 21.
The oral sex frolic with a second, 17-year-old teen happened back on July 19, the police affidavit says.
Marx chose a parking lot in an undisclosed location in the Kettering area for the trysts, police also say.
In addition to the sex and oral sex trauma, Marx used Snapchat — and Instagram — to send the males a bunch of nude images of herself, the affidavit states.
It's not clear if the male teens had Marx as a teacher or how they otherwise met her.
The allegations against Marx came to the attention of police after some students reported her exploits, according to Dayton Fox affiliate WRGT-TV.
The student tipsters remain anonymous.
Police say Marx has confessed to subjecting the male teenagers to the parking lot sexual trauma — and also to sending the nude photos of herself.
Kettering police arrested Marx on Thursday and took her to jail.
The 23-year-old Marx now faces two counts of sexual battery for her encounters with the 17-year-old and 16-year-old male students.
Here is dash-camera video of Marx in handcuffs as she takes a trip to the Montgomery County Jail:
Kettering City School District Scott Inskeep said he believes the school district is mostly doing a good job protecting students.
“I just think parents can trust us with your kids every day,” Inskeep told WRGT-TV. “I can ensure that 99.9 percent are doing it the right way, and doing it appropriately.”
Marx graduated cum laude from the University of Dayton in 2016 with a bachelor's degree in education. She also attended a local private high school.
“I am passionate about children and their education. I am a hard-worker, who focuses on individual student's strengths and needs,” Marx wrote in her teaching job application, according to the Dayton Daily News.
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
134 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Today WorldViz has announced that it received a “multimillion” dollar Series A investment from Intel Capital, the investment arm of the famed chip manufacturer. The company wouldn't specify the exact amount, but says that the money will be used to “advance the development and distribution of WorldViz's virtual reality applications for the enterprise.”
As far as the startup world goes, WorldViz is a bit old for a Series A. Founded in 2002, the 13 year old company is well established in the professional VR space, and says they've deployed their VR technology to more than 1,500 companies, academic institutions, and government agencies, including Fortune 500s. Although VR has long existed in the enterprise space, it seems that the resurgence of consumer VR is opening doors across the entire ecosystem.
“Intel's commitment to WorldViz is a strong statement that the enterprise virtual reality market is poised for rapid expansion and WorldViz is positioned to capture this growth,” said Andy Beall, CEO of WorldViz.
As the sole investor of the deal, it's Intel's policy not to specify the exact amount of an investment. When I asked WorldViz, they wouldn't even narrow it down to millions, tens of millions, or even hundreds of millions. However, in 2014 Intel Capital invested $359 million in 125 deals, averaging $2.87 million per investment, which leads me to believe that the deal doesn't reach into the category of tens of hundreds of millions.
WorldViz designs and deploys custom VR systems for enterprise based on client needs. The systems are powered by their own Vizard VR toolkit which creates virtual scenes that can be viewed and controlled with more than 100 supported motion input devices, VR headsets, 3D displays, CAVEs, haptic devices, eye trackers, and more, including their own ‘Precision Position Tracking‘ system, capable of tracking users in a space more than 150 feet squared, according to the company. Among their 1,500 clients is Stanford, who WorldViz helped to deploy the Virtual Human Interaction Lab.
I spoke with WorldViz CEO Andy Beall who told me that the proliferation of consumer VR has benefits for the professional space as well.
“For the majority of our past customers, one of the things on the bill of materials [for clients wanting to deploy a VR system] would be a $40,000 headset,” Beall told me. “If you look at modern headsets, it's a big plus… that's one less barrier for entry for budget. There's enough press right now that there's some uncertainty among buyers about timing—'should I wait six months?'—[now] when you're talking to a business person it's easy to say, ‘buy the $300 headset today and get the next one in six months!'”
Added recently to the impressive list of hardware supported by the company's Vizard software are well known consumer devices like the Oculus Rift VR headset and the Razer Hydra motion input controller. The company has a freely available Demo Pack which you can be used to step into experiences created with their software, should you have a Rift handy.
WorldViz shows and experience combining a DIY wireless version of the Oculus Rift DK1 with motion input hardware.
Although their software supports consumer hardware, WorldViz plans to focus primarily on growth in the enterprise space where one of the key challenges is getting complex models and data into virtual reality.
“[Virtual reality is] a really fast changing field and that's why for the first time we decided to consider funding; we need to strengthen and deepen our ties into business and solve the content workflow issues right now,” Beall told me. “Because really I think whoever nails that will be serving the customer needs the best and the fastest. The bottleneck for business users is getting their work into a virtual experience in hours instead of a month.”
And once the content is virtualized, the next major challenge is telling the computer which devices should be responsible for viewing and controlling it.
“Let's say I want to have my viewpoint and I have two controllers and I want to see my hands, and it's all different devices. Then I want to be able to fly around [the virtual space] and I want to be able to walk around the physical space, and have the cave update correctly for my perspective, but I also want to be able to navigate within the virtual space,” Beall said as he walked me through an example of how complicated control across a broad array of devices can become. “Now I may want to have my virtual viewpoint leave my physical viewpoint and follow an animation path. When you add all of those elements, it's easy to hit a limitation or, if you're trying to dive down to your underlying coding, to just get buried in the math. I think we've tackled this and accomplished it better than anyone has for the breath of devices we're supporting,” he continued.
Even with enterprise as the focus, as consumer VR becomes easier to use for the everyday user the company is considering applying a bit of its expertise to such experiences.
“I think more and more people are going to want to sit down in SketchUp and create a model of their kitchen [for instance], so we're toying with some ideas of making some viewers really easy to use and dangling those out for the consumer market to gain some visibility,” Beall said.
For Intel's part, the investment in aligns with the company's push toward ‘perceptual computing', which aims to create more natural interactions between people and computers.
“Our investment in WorldViz is consistent with Intel's strategy to advance natural computing experiences, including virtual reality technology,” said Gregory Bryant, vice president of Intel's Client Computing Group and general manager of Desktop Client Platforms. “Enterprises have barely tapped the potential of virtual reality, and WorldViz has demonstrated both a technical and business vision to drive adoption of virtual reality in professional settings, anchored on Intel Architecture.”
Having hosted AltspaceVR at their CES 2015 booth and CCP's Eve Valkyrie the year before that, Intel has been watching the growing virtual reality space closely over the last few years. It's likely that this is just one of many VR investments to come from the company.
CLOSE Both Jurich and Pitino have been placed on administrative leave of absence, says Postel during Wednesday's historic press conference. Matt Stone/CJ
Buy Photo UofL head basketball coach Rick Pitino arrives at Grawemeyer Hall to have a meeting with interim president Greg Postel. His meeting lasted less than 10 minutes. September 27, 2017 (Photo: By Michael Clevenger, C-J)Buy Photo
Embattled and suspended Louisville basketball coach Rick Pitino maintained his innocence on Sunday in a conversation with the Courier-Journal, saying he "will be vindicated" in the coming months.
"Right now it's in the lawyers' hands," Pitino said in a brief phone interview. "I went to Miami. I'm selling my house (in Louisville). I love David Padgett. I love the boys. I hope they win the national championship. I'm not doing anything but laying low."
Pitino also said he was discussing former Louisville player Terry Rozier's sponsorship deal with Adidas in phone calls with James Gatto, the since-arrested and former head of global sports marketing for Adidas.
The FBI says Gatto had two phone conversations on May 27 with a phone number used by a "Coach 2" and another one on June 1, the day the Courier-Journal reported Brian Bowen enrolled at Louisville.
Asked if he is the "Coach 2" listed in the FBI's criminal complaint released Tuesday, as a law enforcement source confirmed to the USA TODAY Network and the Courier-Journal, Pitino said it "doesn't matter if I am or not."
More: Full Louisville basketball investigation coverage
“I love David Padgett. I love the boys. I hope they win the national championship. I'm not doing anything but laying low.” Rick Pitino
Pitino said he has "(zero) to do with any of it and I'll be vindicated."
University of Louisville interim President Greg Postel placed Pitino on unpaid administrative leave on Wednesday, effectively firing him, according to Pitino's lawyer, Steve Pence. That move came in the wake of news that Louisville's men's basketball program was included in an FBI investigation into wire fraud and money laundering in college basketball recruiting.
Pence told the Courier-Journal on Sunday that he and other lawyers working for Pitino have put U of L officials on notice that they believe Pitino's effective dismissal violates the coach's employment agreement. That breach of contract may eventually become the basis for a lawsuit unless the university remedies the situation within 30 days, Pence said in a text.
According to Pitino's contract, termination of the agreement by his employer, listed as the U of L Athletics Association, "may occur only by decision of" the board of directors or an authorized subcommittee after 10 days prior written notice of the charges against him and "an opportunity for (Pitino) to present evidence."
Pence previously had predicted a "bare-knuckle fight" over Pitino's dismissal and said that "the facts will inevitably exonerate him." Padgett, who played for Pitino and was an assistant coach on his staff, was named Louisville's interim head coach on Friday.
More: A coach's son, David Padgett's first head coaching job a tough one
More: U of L basketball team holds first preseason practice after tough week
The federal complaint mentions three phone calls between "Coach 2" and Gatto that took place the week Bowen, a McDonald's All-American, committed to Louisville.
The complaint does not indicate what Gatto and Pitino discussed. But FBI agent John Vourderis wrote that Christian Dawkins, a sports agent who was also arrested in the case and was former Louisville player Jaylen Johnson's AAU coach, previously asked Pitino to speak with Gatto about "getting additional money" for what is presumed to be Bowen's family.
The FBI and U.S. Attorney's office allege the family of a player who committed to Louisville in early June was promised to receive $100,000. Bowen pledged to the Cards on June 3.
David Habich, the spokesman for the local FBI branch, said the bureau does not comment on ongoing investigations.
More: U of L calls impromptu board meeting Monday to talk investigation
Timeline: FBI's college basketball allegations involving Louisville, others
Pitino said this summer he was connected to Bowen, who made a surprise pledge to the Cardinals, through one of his coaching friends on the AAU circuit.
The longtime coach also said he is "absolutely not" concerned about potential legal problems related to the FBI and U.S. Attorney's investigation.
Pitino has not spoken to Padgett or his other two Louisville assistants, Jordan Fair and Kenny Johnson, since Wednesday.
Padgett said Friday that Fair and Johnson's employment status with the university would be determined by the interim athletics director, who is expected to be appointed by Postel in the coming days.
After addressing his team to inform players of Postel's decision, Pitino said he went upstairs to his office and found workers "getting ready to change locks" on the doors.
That was when he "thought it best I just leave," Pitino said.
Reporter Grace Schneider contributed to this story. Contact her at gschneider@courier-journal.com or via Twitter @gesinfk.
Ramon Vasquez was confused. It was 2008 and he was sitting in an interrogation room where two San Jose police officers were asking him about a murder he hadn't committed in a parking lot he hadn't been in. Hours earlier, he'd been at work, making Coca-Cola deliveries just like he had been doing for the past eight years. He had two small children and a longterm girlfriend at home and had only been in police custody once before, when he was 21 and got picked up for a DUI.
But that was years ago, a youthful mistake. Now he was almost 30. This was murder.
Just a few weeks before his arrest, two groups of young men had gotten in a fight late one night in a parking lot shared by an In-N-Out and Panda Express. One pulled a gun. Another man was shot and later died at a local hospital. The assailant was a Latino man with a tattoo on his neck who had gotten away in a white Dodge Charger with chrome rims. Vasquez was a Latino man with a tattoo on his neck who also drove a white Dodge Charger, but with black rims, but that was a small detail to consider for investigators to consider when the rest seemed to add up. When police searched a database of registered owners of white Dodge Chargers in the area, the mugshot from Vasquez's DUI popped up. He looked similar enough to the assailant that it could have been him, witnesses said. So a group of police officers met him outside of his job that Thursday afternoon and made the arrest.
"It was like one of those bad dreams that you have when there's a room full of people that you know and you're screaming at the top of your lungs and nobody can hear you," Vasquez told Mic. "It was like living that dream every day."
He didn't go home for five months.
Silicon Valley De-Bug Ramon Vasquez sits in front of San Jose's main jail, where he spent five months locked up on a murder charge.
Like 80% of people who are charged with felony crimes, Vasquez couldn't afford a private attorney. So he left his fate up to the Santa Clara County public defender's office. But that office, like every other public defender's office in the country, is understaffed and overburdened: there are only 124 attorneys for more than 37,000 clients each year, J.J. Knapp, an assistant public defender at the Santa Clara County public defender's office, told Mic.
What Vasquez didn't count on then, and what he now credits with the district attorney's decision to drop the charges against him for lack of evidence, is the small army of untrained and unpaid volunteers who could hear him and worked tirelessly on his case every week for the eight months between his arrest and his release from jail. Those allies used something that's been dubbed "participatory defense," a method that brings a community organizing ethos — for a community made up of the working class families who most often come into contact with the criminal justice system — to the individual court cases. It uses a community's knowledge of local laws and the people who are impacted by them to, in many instances, complement the work of defense attorneys and lessen the blow of the criminal justice system. That means finding witnesses, emailing attorneys, finding details in police or investigative reports, tracking down witnesses and then pooling that information together at weekly meetings in which several different cases are discussed at once, or making intimate videos and slideshows to help demonstrate a loved one's humanity at sentencing. So far, the method has been used for nearly nine years in Santa Clara County, and its fiercest supporters say that it's saved people more than 1,862 years in prisons and jails. Now, it's set to spread to at least half a dozen new cities and, according to some legal experts, could revolutionize the criminal justice system from its most important staging ground: the courtroom.
"We understood the power of collective action to challenge institutions. But the irony was that we would relinquish that power when it came to the court process," Raj Jayadev, organizer with the Albert Cobarrubias Justice Project Tweet
The year before Vasquez was picked up for murder, a local community group called Silicon Valley De-Bug began meeting weekly to discuss a sudden spike in ticketing in the city's downtown. De-Bug's members are largely young, working class and of color — not usually the people associated with the hordes of monied tech workers who have flooded the region in recent years. Many of its members rocked baggy jeans, snapbacks and, according to their suspicions, the wrong color skin, which made them "undesirable" in the eyes of the city's elite, who were busy trying to court developers and start-ups.
"They wanted this sort of upscale cosmopolitan perception of the city, and so basically young people of color [were] not who they wanted Friday, Saturday night downtown," Raj Jayadev, an organizer with Silicon Valley De-Bug's Albert Cobarrubias Justice Project, which now hosts weekly participatory defense meetings.
The group's members were being ticketed for being drunk in public, even though some said they hadn't had a sip of alcohol. "People don't want certain people downtown in San Jose and they know that this is the charge that they can lay on people that has pretty flimsy probable cause standards."
Jayadev and other organizers began meeting with members and comparing notes. They discovered that San Jose police were ticketing people for that particular offense at a rate much higher than other cities of comparable size. Those arrests were also racially disproportionate. They began protesting downtown and became part of a task force aimed at curbing such arrests. Less than a year later, those arrest rates dropped by 46%.
For those involved, the process was more important than the outcome. As a community group, they knew how to bring attention to an issue. But in order to successfully impact it, they knew they had to do more. "We were that group that would be protesting and holding a press conference and stuff like that," Jayadev told Mic. "We understood the power of collective action to challenge institutions. But the irony was that we would relinquish that power when it came to the court process."
Charisse Domingo/Albert Cobarrubias Justice Project An unidentified young man bows his head in prayer on his first day home from a 3 1/2 year prison sentence. His mother, Veronica, began attending participatory defense meetings during his incarceration.
The community meetings, which were born out of necessity, continued even after the drunk-in-public arrests dropped. News spread by word of mouth: If you, or a cousin, or an uncle, somehow caught a case, go to De-Bug. That's how Vasquez's partner, Yvonne, began going. A family member told her about a friend who'd benefited from participatory defense, described the weekly Sunday meetings, and told her to stop by. She and other members of Vasquez's family started going to the meetings every week, updating the group on Vasquez's case and getting advice on next steps. They reviewed the discovery packet and pointed out inconsistencies in the police report, found receipts that proved Vasquez wasn't at the scene of the crime at the time of the murder, made a list of the top reasons why he was innocent and pushed for a polygraph test, all of which was used by the attorney to speak to the prosecutor and eventually drop the charges.
"There's nothing that I can do to repay my wife, Raj, and the rest of the folks at De-Bug," Vasquez said. "Everything was free, all the advice they gave my family while I was in there."
Participatory defense is a relatively new name for the very old concept of good lawyering. "Many of us in this office have been practicing participatory defense for 25 years [without calling it that]," said Knapp, the public defender in Santa Clara County. "It's like any person in crisis, if they have family members or people who care about them, it's kind of a team effort to get out of that crisis."
Jayadev agrees that his group is using a recycled approach. "What this is is the naming of an instinct that already exists in communities. We're just trying to fan the flame for it to become an actual practice," he said.
Naming it also has the added benefit of allowing people to recognize their own agency. "We're telling people all the time like, 'Look, you can do this. Instead of dealing with incarceration after it happens, here's a way to engage to stop it,'" Jayadev said. "People will kind of look at us and say, 'Okay, that's just something that De-Bug does.' But once we gave it a name, it became much more tangible to people." In Jayadev's eyes, his team is trying to "grow something from an instinct into an actual craft."
"I think I showed [my son] how to be a strong person in the face of adversity," Gail Noble, mother and participatory defense organizer Tweet
It's a craft that's also worked for other families. Gail Noble, a mother of seven, began going to De-Bug meetings after her teenage son Karim was arrested and charged with felony assault in 2007. Though she suspected racial bias played a role in her son's prosecution and lackluster defense — and was even told by her public defender that a judge had quipped that her son's summer job of collecting signatures for an Indian gaming project was actually a ruse for selling drugs door-to-door — she didn't know what to do about it. Then, at one De-Bug meeting, she learned about filing a Marsden motion, which is the only way a defendant can fire a court-appointed attorney. Though her son did still spend time in youth detention, the case galvanized his family. His story was featured in San Jose's metro weekly, and Noble is now a participatory defense organizer who helps other families through the process she went through with him.
"I think I showed [my son] how to be a strong person in the face of adversity," Noble told Mic.
Albert Cobarrubias Justice Project Gail Noble facilitates a weekly participatory justice meeting.
For roughly the past year, members of De-Bug have been traveling the country giving trainings on participatory defense. Weekly meetings are now being held in cities as diverse as Birmingham, Alabama; Lexington, Kentucky; and Montgomery, Pennsylvania. Next year, there are plans to start meetings in Memphis, Baltimore, Durham and Seattle. Jeff Sherr, a public defender in Kentucky who also works with the National Association of Public Defense, describes the court system as "very isolating" and hopes that participatory defense can help change that reality.
"In most instances, the person who's accused of the crime is by themselves or has family members who are very out of the loop about what's going on, and have limited chances to share information," he said. Participatory defense "gives this opportunity for the community to see what's going on in court and then to participate on individual cases."
For legal experts, that potential is crucial. Janet Moore, a former criminal defense attorney who specialized in capital murder cases and now teaches law the University of Cincinnati, says that participatory defense shifts criminal justice agency in key ways. " If this thing turns out to be sustainable," Moore told Mic about participatory defense, "there really is promise that the law can improve substantively ... also because this will be a non-elite driven change, which is relatively new in the context of constitutional criminal procedure."
In Vasquez's case, the power of public defense literally spared him his life. He was able to get his job back at Coca-Cola, and now busies himself with parenting duties. He ultimately sued the city of San Jose, but lost because the police department successfully argued that they had probable cause to arrest and charge him. But he credits his freedom not to their investigative savvy, but to the commitment of his loved ones — and people he didn't know at all.
"I think that the justice system — meaning the DA and my own court-appointed attorney — knew that eyes and ears were on them, and that's what got the ball rolling a lot faster," Vasquez said. "I was able to draw strength from knowing that there were people outside fighting for me."
Bread artisans for the ages in southern Italy
A simple shepherd-style lunch is assembled in the fresh air. A simple shepherd-style lunch is assembled in the fresh air. Photo: Jill K. Robinson / Special To The Chronicle Photo: Jill K. Robinson / Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Bread artisans for the ages in southern Italy 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
Against the bakery's gleaming wall of tiles, huge loaves of bread lie on racks like failed pottery experiments. But it's the consistent shape that tells me I'm too harsh in my aesthetic judgment. The rounded bread with a distinct overlap on one side is called u skuanete, or “overlapped bread.”
The inconvenient size and shape is going to make it difficult for me to carry a loaf around for a week.
On the roads leading into Altamura, in southern Italy's Puglia region, signs welcome visitors to the City of Bread. Made here on the Apulian plateau (known as the Murgia) for centuries, the coarse-grained bread's first mention in writing is in a reference by the Latin poet Horace in 37 B.C.: “Their bread is exceedingly fine, inasmuch that the weary traveler is used to carry it willingly on his shoulders.”
That wasn't only Horace's opinion. The beloved bread is depicted in cathedral portal scenes of the Last Supper, and is shown as accompanying travelers on their journeys. Much more convenient for travel, the loaves etched in stone are wreath-shaped (ciambella), and one church doorway shows Joseph toting a ciambella loaf on a stick as he leads a donkey carrying Mary.
The food of the Altamura region — from the famed bread to a local mushroom called the cardoncello — is credited with shutting down a McDonald's restaurant after less than two years in operation. “We were used to better food,” says Tonio Creanza, who leads culinary and art restoration workshops in the region. The area has a rich farming and shepherding culture, and about 40 percent of Italy's olive oil comes from here. It's a place for handmade and hand-foraged cuisine — from bread and pasta to cheeses and wild plants.
Tapping on the bread's
amber-colored crust, still warm from the wood-burning oven, I hear music. Well, the dull thud of freshly baked bread sounds like music to me. While I anticipate that my weeklong participation in one of Creanza's workshops won't leave me hungry, I decide to test Horace's theory.
Still a little woozy from jet lag, I fit the poet's description of the weary traveler. I'm not planning to carry the loaf on my shoulders, but after a little rearranging, I can fit a smaller one into my shoulder bag. Let's see how long this lasts.
The rustic bread I have crammed in my bag with my camera is known throughout Italy for its thick crust — allowing it to last one to two weeks. It's said that the bread was originally created for shepherds and farmers who worked in the fields and hills of Apulia for days or even weeks at a time.
Serious dough
Like the Forno Antica Santa Caterina, where I got my overlapped loaf, traditional bakeries with oak-wood-burning ovens are named after the nearest church and dot the town of Altamura. Bakers have a little flexibility in loaf shape, but tradition rules. That's the end of the road when it comes to innovation in Altamura bread.
Because the bread is a Denomination of Protected Origin in Europe, it must be made exclusively from the durum wheat found on the Apulian plateau and the hills of nearby Matera. In addition, the baker must use local water and natural yeast, and ensure the bread has a thick crust (averaging between 3 to 5 millimeters). No matter the bakery size — tiny ones inside the town's ancient walls and larger companies near the inviting City of Bread signs — all have to abide by the rules.
I peek into a wood-burning oven, where bread and tins of focaccia are baking. The smoke from the oak fire hangs in the air above them. It's so thick it seems tangible, as if I can reach in and push it to one side. But the heat makes my eyes water, and I can't entertain the notion for long. The baker rips a morsel from a loaf fresh from the oven and hands it to me.
“Careful,” he advises. “It's hot. But it's the best in Altamura.”
The porous, flaky inside is light on my tongue. I finish the piece off with a crunch of the crust. I point to the loaf in my bag, obtained only moments earlier.
“How long will this last?” I ask.
“About 10 days,” he says. “You can take it home with you.”
Slow food, shepherd style
The next day, my bread and I take a walk in the wide-open spaces of the Murgia plateau, along with a group of Tonio's workshop students. Just 4 miles north of Altamura, we wander through wild fields of yarrow, alfalfa, fennel, thyme and oregano that are scattered among limestone outcroppings. As we get closer to our destination, I hear the deep tones of pastoral bells and bleats of sheep. Standing amid a flock of 100 sheep in the light rain, the shepherd holds a closed umbrella.
Despite the damp weather, it quickly becomes easy to follow along with Graziantonio Creanza (no relation to Tonio) as he leads his sheep along the Murgia, identifying grasses good for making the cheese and milk for which the region is known. As he gives instructions to his dogs, he reaches down and pulls wild arugula from the tangle of herbs on the ground.
We wander toward a ridge where small tables have been set and two local workshop participants, Fausta and Santina, have begun to prepare cialda calda — a traditional dish popular with farmers and shepherds (called cialledda calda in the local dialect). On a camp stove, they boil a pot of salted water, and then cook a handful of vegetables (potatoes, tomatoes, onions, garlic and celery). Next, eggs are poached in the same water, the hot water is poured over chunks of stale Altamura bread and all is mixed together, garnished with parsley and drizzled with olive oil.
At the last moment, Fausta bends down and picks a handful of thyme and oregano from near her feet. She scatters the fresh herbs on the finished bowl of food and declares lunch ready. I may not have exerted much energy in walking through the Murgia following the herd, but merely watching the lunch preparation makes my stomach rumble.
Over steaming bowls of soup, Graziantonio explains that he and his wife rent a 17th-century masseria (farmhouse) nearby, with a shed for the sheep. In a spare room, they make cheese from the sheep's milk — from ricotta to a hard cheese called Canestrato Pugliese.
“If you come early,” he says, “you can watch us tomorrow morning. But don't be lazy in bed. Morning is the best time for cheese.”
Life of a troglodyte
While morning is best for cheese, I'm convinced that late afternoon is best for visiting nearby Matera — a honeycomb of settlements carved into the side of a ravine. Inhabited since the Paleolithic period, the town has become popular with travelers who want to stay in cave hotels and eat in cave restaurants.
The Sassi (Italian for “stones”) homes are dug into the limestone that runs throughout this region, and the late afternoon sun glints off the edges of walls, almost making the ocher-colored stone glow. Looking across the ravine from the Madonna Delle Tre Porte (“Our Lady of the Three Doors”), an ancient church also carved out of rock, the Sassi sprawl out in front of me and remind me of an Escher drawing. Here, a stairway. There, a wall of windows.
Behind me in the cave church, 15th century frescoes feature fresh-faced images of the Virgin Mary. The bright paint figures hide in darkness until illuminated by the flashlight app on my cell phone. The Marys seem delicate, dotted with holes where rock has fallen or been carved away. But the fact that they're still here, valued for their history much as the bread in my bag, adds to the region's simple wealth.
Carrying the loaf of Altamura bread around, I'm beginning to feel a little like the school-age kids who are given an egg to teach them about caring for children. At the end of each day, I have pulled the bread — pockmarked with holes from my snacking throughout the week — from my bag and placed it gently on the dresser in my room at the Masseria La Selva. Each morning, I have wrapped it up again and pushed it into a corner of the bag that it shares with my camera.
As I wander the streets of ancient (and modern) Matera, silent except for occasional footsteps on the stone and melodic church bells ringing at sunset, I decide that this is the moment to finish my bread. There are two handfuls left, enough to enjoy the daylight fading and lights flickering on across the city. The crunch of the crust echoes in my ears, and I don't hear the old man behind me until he taps my shoulder.
“Pane di Altamura?” he asks.
I nod, my cheeks bulging with bread.
He smiles and exclaims, “Magnifico!”
Jill K. Robinson is a freelance writer in Half Moon Bay. E-mail: travel@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @dangerjr
If you go
Getting there
International flights from San Francisco to Bari cost about $1,500 and can take approximately 15 hours, depending on connections.
Where to stay
Hotel San Nicola: Via Luca De Samuele Cagnazzi 29, Altamura. (39) 080 310 5199, www.hotelsannicola.com/en. Comfortable historic hotel conveniently located in central Altamura. Nightly rates start at about $100.
Sextantio Le Grotte Della Civita: Via Civita 28, Matera. (39) 083 533 2744, www.sextantio.it/grotte-civita. Get an idea of what it's like to live in the Sassi caves with a stay in a grotto room. Rates start at about $175 a night.
Where to eat
Antica Osteria Pein Assutt: Corso Umberto I 66/58, Altamura. (39) 080 311 8313. Delicious local dishes abound in this cozy restaurant. Main course, side dish and glass of wine are about $12.
Il Falco Grillaio: Via Domenico Ridola 17, Matera. (39) 083 533 1128. Grab a seat in this osteria for crispy pizza, fresh cheese and roasted meat dishes. Dishes start at about $6.
What to do
Messors: www.messors.com. Culinary and art-restoration workshops last 10 days and are full of in-depth cultural experiences. Rates start at $2,630 and include tours, meals, lodging at the Masseria La Selva and ground transportation to/from Bari airport. The workshops are also available through GoVoluntouring (www.govoluntouring.com).
Matera Environmental Education Center: Masseria Radogna, Km 583 on route SS 7, Matera. (39) 083 533 2262, www.ceamatera.it. Guided tours and excursions covering ancient and modern Matera. Tours start at $13.
Crypt of the Original Sin: www.artezeta.it. In a ravine just outside Matera lies the “Sistine Chapel” of ancient rupestrian (rock) wall paintings. Get a guided tour from Artezeta, with rates starting at about $10 per person.
More information
Puglia Department of Culture and Tourism: www.viaggiareinpuglia.it/hp/en.
KARACHI: The Pakistan Rangers informed an anti-terrorism court (ATC) on Thursday that 28 suspects, including Muttahida Qaumi Movement leader Amir Khan, picked up from the MQM headquarters during Wednesday's raid were under 90 days of preventive detention for questioning.
The Rangers personnel and their prosecutor brought the blindfolded suspects to the anti-terrorism court amid tight security. Amir Khan was in handcuffs.
They produced the suspects before ATC-II and submitted that in exercise of power conferred by the provincial government on Nov 9, 2013, they detained the suspects upon receiving credible information about their involvement in offences relating to target killing and terrorist activities punishable under the Anti-terrorism Act, 1997.
Also read: Farooq Sattar rebuffs claims of confrontation with Rangers
Therefore, they said that detainees were placed under preventive detention for three months under Section 11EEEE (1) and in compliance of Section 11EEEE (3) of ATA they were produced along with copies of notification, detention orders and jail warrants for the court's information.
Some members of MQM's legal wing were present in the court and they asked the judge to call a report from the Rangers asking them what kind of credible information they had and why had they detained MQM coordination committee member Amir Khan despite the fact that the paramilitary force's spokesman had told the media that he was not arres­ted, but brought for inquiry.
But the judge observed that under the law she was not empowered to seek any such report.
After establishing the identity of the suspects, the court asked the Rangers to keep them in their custody.
According to Section 11EEEE (1), “the government or, where the provisions of section 4 have been invoked, the armed forces or civil armed forces, as the case may be, subject to the specific or general order of the government in this regard, for period not exceeding three months and after recording reasons thereof, issue order for the preventive detention of any person who has been concerned in any offence under this act relating to the security or defence of Pakistan or any part thereof, or public order relating to target killing, kidnapping for ransom, and extortion / bhatta, or the maintenance of supplies or services, or against whom a reasonable complaint has been made or credible information has been received, or a reasonable suspicion exists of his having been so concerned, for purpose of inquiry”.
Besides Amir Khan, former MPA Yousuf Munir Sheikh, Noman Aslam, Mohammad Anwar, Syed Sabir Ali, Mohammad Ali, Yousuf, Jahangir, M. Kamran Shamim, Syed Mohammad Ali, Mirza Khalil Ahmed, Fahad Fareed, Sajid Hussain, Abdul Aziz Ansari, Ali Asghar alias Aziz, Moham­mad Umer, Mohammad Yousuf Rao alias Patail, Mohammad Imran, son of M. Ibrahim, Mohammad Azeem, Salman Ahmed, Syed Naeem Ali, Mohammad Hanif, Syed Noman Shah, Mohammad Imran, son of M. Irfan, Farasat Ali, Hassan Akhtar, Mohammad Aslam and Khalid Rasheed were produced before the court.
Talking to media outside the court, Mohammad Jiwani of Muttahida lawyers' forum said the MQM was being pushed against the wall despite being the fourth largest party in parliament.
He said that the detainees were in mental and physical agony and the paramilitary force treated them as if they were prisoners of war although a member of MQM coordination committee, a former MPA and a professional footballer were among them.
He claimed that the court was empowered to call a report from the Rangers, but his plea was turned down.
Meanwhile, police approached the court for the remand of around 40 suspects, said to have been arrested on Wednesday for arson attacks and rioting within the jurisdiction of Azizabad police station. But the court staff asked the investigating officer who had arrived late to produce the accused on Friday since the judge was not available.
Published in Dawn, March 13th, 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
Posted by coltsindianapolis on March 28, 2013 – 1:47 pm
The Indianapolis Colts today acquired fullback Stanley Havili in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for defensive end Clifton Geathers. The team also announced that restricted free agent tackle Jeff Linkenbach has signed his qualifying offer.
“Stanley fills an immediate need for us at the fullback position and provides us with a solid option in our new offensive scheme,” said General Manager Ryan Grigson. “His speed, explosion and hard-nosed playing style are his main strengths, but he also possesses sound blocking and receiving skills. Stanley had a very productive career at USC and gained valuable experience as a starting fullback and special teams contributor for Philadelphia last year. The Eagles in return are getting a young, very big and strong player in Clif Geathers that can play every defensive line position to fill a need moving forward in their new scheme as well. We feel it's a win-win.”
Havili, 6-0, 245 pounds, was selected by the Eagles in the seventh round (240th overall) of the 2011 NFL Draft out of USC. In 2012, he appeared in 15 games (two starts) and totaled six rushes for 22 yards and his first career touchdown, while adding seven receptions for 43 yards. He also helped pave the way for five 100-yard rushing performances by running backs LeSean McCoy and Bryce Brown.
At USC, Havili played in 52 career games (48 starts) and recorded 1,799 scrimmage yards (1,290 receiving, 509 rushing) and 15 total touchdowns (12 receiving, three rushing). As a senior in 2010, he earned All-Pac 10 honorable mention accolades after ranking third on the team with 32 receptions for 296 yards and two touchdowns while rushing for 166 yards and one touchdown.
Geathers tallied five tackles (two solo) and his first career sack in eight games played with the Colts last season. He was originally signed to the team's practice squad on October 3, 2012 and was elevated to the active roster on October 9. For his career, he has registered seven tackles (two solo) and 1.0 sack in 15 games played, while seeing action in one postseason game.
Linkenbach was originally signed by the Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2010. Over the past three seasons, he has played in all 48 regular season games, making 28 starts. In 2012, Linkenbach started eight regular season games and one postseason contest. He helped block for quarterback Andrew Luck to throw for the most passing yards (4,374) by a rookie in NFL history, while also breaking the rookie record for passing yards in a single game (433) in Week 9 against Miami.
In 2011, Linkenbach started all 16 games for the first time in his career and provided time for running back Donald Brown to set a career-high with 161 rushing yards on 16 attempts (10.1 avg.) against Tennessee (12/18). In 2010, he appeared in all 16 games (four starts) and was part of an offensive line that helped the team produce 5,000-plus net yards for the 13th consecutive season. The line also only allowed 16.0 sacks on the season, which tied for the fewest allowed in the NFL.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Tags: clifton geathers Posted in Colts Blog
DevOps has been an industry buzz-word for a while now and has left many people confused about its meaning and worth.
Is it only about Development and Operations?
Is it a thought process, a rule-set, a mind-set or a mix of all?
What will be gained by adopting DevOps?
What do I need to know and do to reap its many benefits?
From where do I start? How?
Who can help?
Arrk Group has been progressing with this industry phenomenon with its customers to ensure that efficient solutions are delivered quickly, by a team which believes and lives by the principles and practices of DevOps. DevOps has helped the team to feel and cope better, and the solutions are delivered with a sense of assurance to a customer who is generally far more satisfied than ever before.
A video introduction to DevOps We believe it is 8 minutes well spent.
Video Transcription
At Arrk Solutions, DevOps is about bringing teams together to deliver software solutions and the associated support services more efficiently and effectively than ever before.
This quick introduction about DevOps will illustrate six common frustrations that users typically face and how adopting a different mind-set and new choices makes a big difference.
1: Being proactive
Let's begin. Are there problems you face that make you feel like banging your head against a wall over and over again? Perhaps a service is not available every Monday morning after the weekend maintenance. You'll agree it's a waste of your time and money because you're paying through your nose to fix the same issue.
Let's look at the DevOps solution.
The team members need to be proactive, going one step further, looking for improvements and more effective working practices.
Automate as much as possible
Focus on quality outcomes
Use feedback mechanisms and
Keep optimising the processes
Being proactive will improve productivity and prevent repeat failures.
2: working together
Our next story is about the perils of not working together. How many times have you struggled to get an application to work when you need it the most? Your frustration knows no limits when the support person is surprised about the problem you face and even worse has no idea how to resolve it.
Perhaps a new release was deployed, but the support person was not included as part of solution delivery. It could be a simple common-sense change, but unfortunately they did take not any input from the Operations team. It makes sense to involve the support members upfront because these are the people who are in close contact with the end users of the systems.
Working in separate teams has obvious disadvantages. DevOps can help. With the introduction of DevOps the barriers get broken and Development and Operations team work together.
Working together means:
Having common goals
Better overall planning
Early involvement of operations
Collaborating to resolve each other's problems
Even simple things like going for lunch together
3: Automated testing
Next is something we've all heard many times. Have you ever asked for a simple change, only to be told it would take much, much longer than you thought, because of testing?
Oh, you were told that test cases need to be executed across a number of browsers and devices. And that skilled people need to check impact and so on.
But of course your customer is not having the same thoughts as you are and is becoming increasingly frustrated. He is thinking about:
the cost to make this small change
the time he needs to wait
and he is going to be very annoyed, it is simply changing some text on the page after all!
The answer of course is automated testing, the DevOps solution.
Automated testing has many advantages:
Time saving of course
Speed. The scripts can be run in hours rather than days
Repeatability. The scripts can be as often as you like without human intervention
Reliability. A human can make mistakes, not a computer.
This frees up the testers to do smart and intuitive testing.
4: Cross training
Our fourth scenario describes the typical holiday cover crisis which affects us all.
In an environment where developers all work independently, they become stressed when suddenly asked to interpret each other's work.
The customer continues to expect the same level of service.
But we all need a break from time to time. Time to recuperate. When we do, we don't want to receive phone calls for help while we're relaxing on the beach.
The DevOps solution prepares the team to deliver at all times.
The team arranges knowledge sharing sessions to prepare for any eventuality. Documentation is a necessity, but rather than unmanageable Word documents, we suggest you use a Wiki or a team collaboration tool, for the team to share and access information.
Even getting the developers to work on each other's core skill areas boosts the cross training within the team and the teams readiness for unexpected absences. When the team is trained, developers can enjoy relaxing holidays since the problems at work will be taken care of by their team-mates.
In short work together, learn from each other sharing your knowledge and experiences.
5: Continuous integration
The next topic is about continuous integration. The customer asks for a minor change and therefore expects to be delivered very soon.
In the software house, the development team evaluate and plan this piece of work. They consider introducing a code branch, the associate merging, integration and debugging, unit testing, system testing and packaging for deployment. Expectedly the estimate is much higher than what the customer thinks and so tensions are bound to rise.
The evolution of applications demands that changes should be efficiently dealt with and delivered quickly. We cannot spend days or week delivering something when the customer wants it yesterday.
The DevOps solution is continuous integration. The developers working in continuous integration mode, integrate their changes into a shared repository several times a day and the automated build verifies each check-in, allowing the team to detect and fix the problems early. Since problems are nipped in the bud, more time can be spent building features.
With continuous integration, the development process is more visible and effective and the integration tension is reduced with the result that , the solutions can be delivered faster to the customer.
6: Monitoring tools
Our final story is about monitoring. Service availability is critical for most modern businesses:
We've all experienced websites that are unavailable, perhaps with a generic message saying “maintenance in progress”.
But we wonder if the support team really know about the problem.
When the site goes down, the support person must know instantaneously so that the site can be brought up and we can get on with our work.
The DevOps solution for this is simple. We need to use monitoring tools. Today, Tools can monitor infrastructure and applications in terms of performance, deployment, code changes, log-changes and so on. The moment an issue is found, an alert is sent to the support team. This allows rapid turnaround of problems before too many users are affected. It is important from a DevOps philosophy perspective to learn and adapt based on failures by adding additional checks to the monitoring tools.
Monitoring tools ensure we maintain the highest possible application uptime.
Conclusion
Thank you for watching our introduction to DevOps. DevOps is a new-age philosophy about breaking barriers, sharing and continually improving. It is about transformation, about building quality in, improving productivity and about automation. DevOps is not something one can implement overnight. To implement it, focus areas need to be identified and DevOps principles applied in a systematic and controlled manner.
We hope this short presentation has triggered an impulse or an idea or two, something to get you on the DevOps path. We hope you will go through positive DevOps experiences that we have thrived on at Arrk Group, and it leads you to become an even more successful solution provider. Happy DevOps-ing.
"Guilty" -- When the Machine arranges for Finch to sit on the jury of a murder trial, he begins to suspect that a fellow juror is set to rig the proceedings, on PERSON OF INTEREST, Tuesday, Feb. 10 (10:01-11:00 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network. Pictured left to right: Michael Emerson and Jim Caviezel Photo: John Paul Filo/CBS ÃÂ©2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Welcome to the Q&A with TV critic (also known to some TV fans as their "TV therapist") Matt Roush, who'll address whatever you love, loathe, are confused or frustrated or thrilled by in today's vast TV landscape. One caution: This is a spoiler-free zone, so we won't be addressing upcoming storylines unless it's common knowledge. Please send your questions and comments to [email protected] (or use the new form at the end of the column) and follow me on Twitter.
Question: What in the world is going on with CBS and Person of Interest? Have you ever seen anything like this happen in the industry before? First, last summer, CBS announced that it is going to cut the order for Season 5 from a full season (22 episodes) to only 13 episodes and that it would put POI on sometime as a midseason replacement. Then, when CBS announced their midseason schedule the other day, POI is not listed at all. When do you think POI will air? Do you think CBS will air Season 5 at all? If not, do you think another outlet such as Netflix will have the opportunity (or interest) to pick up POI and air Season 5 (which has now almost completely filmed), and possibly further seasons? Is there any hope for us to see this amazing show live on? And is there anything you can suggest that the fans do to help the situation? Any insight you have into this baffling situation would be greatly appreciated. — Alice
Matt Roush: It's not unheard of for a show late in its run to get stuck in limbo, especially when the show isn't owned by the network (Person of Interest comes from Warner Bros. TV), but this is an extreme case, exacerbated by CBS not mentioning it, even as a TBA, in its midseason announcement. Apparently CBS will release another wave of midseason plans at some point, but for now, it's hard to see where Person of Interest fits on the schedule, a function of CBS's overall success on most nights. There's no question these episodes will air eventually, perhaps if another established show takes a hiatus. And it's unclear if the show will stay on the shelf until summer, or even if CBS considers this the final season. If Person of Interest doesn't get a satisfying send-off, it would be an excellent candidate for Netflix or another service to continue the story, a la Longmire, but we shouldn't count on that as a given. For now, we have no option but to wait, and to keep the buzz going on social media (my "Not cool" response on Twitter got quite a bit of traffic).
More CBS Midseason Worries
Question: The CBS list of midseason replacements did not include Person of Interest. Does this mean CBS has totally lost interest in one of my all-time favorite programs? I thought new episodes had already been filmed. Will we ever see them? I know Mike & Molly was renewed for midseason. Did it get a full-season episode order, also The Odd Couple. And they put on 2 Broke Girls earlier than planned. Does that have a full-season order? — Dave
Matt Roush: See above on the POI situation. (It was the hottest topic in this week's mailbag for sure.) I wouldn't go so far as to say CBS has lost (so to speak) interest in the show, but it's clearly not a priority, and once it fell off the regular fall schedule, it now seems very much lost in transition. As for the other shows, Mike & Molly's renewal reportedly was for 13—given Melissa McCarthy's busy career, that makes sense—and 2 Broke Girls was for a full 22-episode season. The Odd Couple also got a 13-episode order (you'll have to tell me how they are, I can't go there), which almost certainly will continue into the summer, though that may not have been decided yet.
Question: Just a couple of questions about Person of Interest and Elementary. The CBS midseason schedule says Elementary is coming back in April, and why so late, since it only came back on in November! Also POI is not listed at all. Of course those are my favorites, so do you have any info on that? — Pat
Matt Roush: These complicated announcements aren't the easiest thing to interpret, but Elementary is staying put for the rest of the season. The first Thursday lineup in CBS's release (introducing Angel From Hell on Jan. 7) lists Elementary at 10/9c; it's still there on April 7, when The Odd Couple joins the night. Thanks for giving me something easy to answer.
Where Have All the Great Crime Dramas Gone?
Question: The thing I loved most about the first decade of the 21st century was the abundance of good crime dramas. I don't mean the vapid CSI/SVU procedurals, but the top-shelf stuff. We started out with The Sopranos and continued with 24, The Shield, The Wire, Dexter, Breaking Bad, Justified and Boardwalk Empire. I'd even call Deadwood a crime drama with Western trappings. All of these shows are gone now and it seems they've left a vacuum. The exception is Fargo, which I really love, but I also want ongoing serialized series with running characters in whom I can become invested over a period of years. Since I'm not into superheroes, zombies, fantasy or comedy, I feel like we're in a dry spell right now. What am I missing? Can you give me any pointers? — Ryan O
Matt Roush: My first suggestion, since you included 24 on your list, which indicates you would include spy thrillers in your criteria, is to immediately check out FX's The Americans. So engrossing and twisty, and expertly written and acted. And while it's not a conventional crime drama, Showtime's Ray Donovan is a gripping deep dive of intrigue. You also don't mention any British shows, so unless you're averse to accents, I see a Netflix binge-fest in your future (titles off the top of my head: Happy Valley, Peaky Blinders, the list goes on). You might also look into The Killing (European and AMC versions), which took some deserved knocks along the way but is still worth a look for its moody absorption in the emotional aftershocks of murder. Broadchurch as well from the BBC, and Luther (the new movie airing Dec. 17 on BBC America is terrific and terrifying). And if Season 2 of ABC's American Crime (starting Jan. 6) is even remotely as good as the first, that will be a must-see. I'm sure I'm missing some obvious picks—I can do only so much with questions this broad—but these would be a good start.
How Much Did This Fall Suck?
Question: Is this the worst fall season for television? I haven't liked a single new show. Everything so far seemed generic or just a copycat. Ratings-wise, there haven't been any breakout hits, (Blindspot is doing solid, but nowhere near How to Get Away With Murder S1 or The Blacklist-behind-The Voice ratings.) For the week of Nov. 16, the No. 2 drama in the demo was Grey's Anatomy. It seems this season, veterans like Grey's or NCIS are outranking newbies. Thoughts? — Alex
Matt Roush: Long-running popular hits are almost always going to outdraw new shows, that's how TV works. (We're all creatures of habit, more or less.) And using ratings as a qualifier for the quality of a new season isn't the way I'd go, especially in this fragmented, cluttered age, but the truth is this was one of the most uninspired fall seasons in quite some time, and that's pretty much the critical conventional wisdom. Even the "hits" (like Blindspot and Quantico) have a retread quality to them, I agree. And the new shows I liked most, that tried something different—The CW's Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, Fox's The Grinder—have been polarizing and/or underperforming. Let's hope for better results come midseason.
X Misses the Spot
Question: TNT's Agent X is an offensive piece of garbage. There are numerous examples of why this is drivel, but I'll just mention the most offensive. Innocent people are slaughtered and the main characters act like they are in a video game. Completely disengaged, as though they themselves know they are in a TV show! I had high hopes for this show, because of the interesting concept of the Vice President handling her own covert operative, but from story to dialogue to acting, Agent X is DOA. — Michael
Matt Roush: From what I can tell, the ratings aren't much more encouraging than your assessment, with which I can't argue. Even on a less crowded night than Sunday, this limp caper would be negligible.
High Hopes for Superstore and Chicago Med
Question: More of a comment than a question. Watched NBC's sneak peek of Superstore and loved it! I hope it is successful when it starts in January. I do have one question: Will Chicago Med make it? I like it better than Code Black. — Sue
Matt Roush: As stated in my review, I'm pretty well sold on Superstore as well. It's not perfect, but a step way above NBC's recent comedy efforts. (Same goes for the wackier Telenovela, which gets its own preview this coming Monday after The Voice.) Whether they'll get traction on Mondays as self-starters this winter remains to be seen, but they're the only sitcoms on the night, so staying hopeful. And NBC is all in on Dick Wolf's Chicago procedural soaps, so I wouldn't worry about Med. Which, like Code Black, strikes me as so painfully generic in its characters, casting and storytelling that if any of these doctors went on the others' show, I'm not sure I'd notice.
Peering Into Sundance's Cult Corner
Question: Has SundanceTV ordered another season of Rectify? Also, I had heard the next installment of Deutschland 83 would be titled Deutschland 85. Any information if that is still the case, when it might air and if, in the next installment, they will make the subtitles enhanced for better reading? — Bob
Matt Roush: There will be a fourth season of the exquisite Rectify, I'm happy to say. Look for it sometime next year. Not so sure about Deutschland, though the Hollywood Reporter noted a week ago that despite so-so ratings in Germany, the show's producers are in development for a second season, this one set in Deutschland 86 (so even more time will have passed), and it's likely to go forward—and I'd expect SundanceTV to carry it. No idea when. And if they got enough complaints about the legibility of the subtitles, maybe they'll fix it. I don't remember having much of a problem, but it's been a while.
It didn't take long for a decision to be made.
The Ottawa Senators held a news conference early Sunday morning, confirming the long-awaited speculation that Bryan Murray would step down from his role as General Manager. After bidding what was an emotional goodbye and confirming he would be taking on a lesser role at the Senators' Senior Advisor, Murray officially announced that former Assistant GM Pierre Dorion would be filling his role. Dorion is now the team's eighth general manager in history, after first joining the team's staff back in 2007.
"I'm stepping into big shoes." – new #Sens GM Pierre Dorion — Ottawa Senators (@Senators) April 10, 2016
While other news may have been expected – in regards to more clean-ups within the organization's staff – Dorion made it clear the Senators' wanted this day to be about Murray and the legacy of his career.
Ottawa Senators' Looking Back Before Moving Forward
Before moving forward to a new GM, many paid lots of respect to Murray's career. After working countless years as both a head coach and general manager, Murray spent the last 12 years of his career in Ottawa working in both capacities. And though his career is not yet over, it's certainly what it feels like. Murray was sent well wishes from many throughout the NHL community today over social media.
This may be the first of many steps towards turning Ottawa's hockey team around after a miserable season, but it was a courteous decision to give this day to Murray before making more changes within the organization. Although to some he's become a polarizing figure, his hockey career, his personality, and his public fight against cancer deserve the world's respect.
Pierre Dorion – The Pressure for Change
Looking forward to a future with a new general manager, Dorion comes into a situation with a lot of pressure on his shoulders. Following a disappointing season that had the team's owner expressing their desperate need for change, the offseason has many waiting on those words. It can be expected that some of Dorion's first public moves will involve his evaluation of head coach Dave Cameron – many of whom believe he will be fired – along with evaluating the needs within the current roster.
With pending decisions on the future of many players including Mike Hoffman, Mika Zibanejad, Patrick Wiercioch and more, Dorion has his hands full. And, you can expect the entire city will be eagerly awaiting his every move.
Whether or not he will show much of a difference from having Murray in his position remains to be seen. But, speculation has already gone south.
Does it matter who the GM is or should the question be: can any person be a successful GM under Eugene Melnyk? — The 6th Sens (@6thSens) April 10, 2016
An organization that's desperate for change. Let's see what the summer holds.
Rokinon Tilt-Shift 24mm F3.5
Introduction
Tilt-shift lenses are a very specialized type of photographic tool. The first shift lens available for an SLR was released by Nikon in 1962. Canon created the first tilt AND shift lens in 1973. While never as popular as regular lenses, they do have their followings. As of 2016, Canon offers four tilt-shift lenses and Nikon offers three, while Pentax does not currently offer any tilt-shift lens. The only Pentax-branded product of this type is the K 28mm F3.5 Shift, which was released in 1975.
The full-frame Samyang/Rokinon 24mm Tilt-Shift F3.5 ED AS UMC lens is thus a welcome addition to the list of K-mount compatible lenses. While there have been several tilt-shift lenses proposed by third-party manufacturers over the years, the Rokinon is the only one currently available new for Pentax. This lens makes a lot more sense now that the Pentax K-1 is available, as it offers a very generous field of view on full frame.
Tilt-shift lenses can be used, among other things, to control perspective or change the plane of focus. They grant a level of creativity and control not easily achieved by other means.
The lens is available under many manufacturer names, depending on region, including Samyang, Bower, Rokinon. Apart from labeling, the various brands have no impact on performance or specifications. It is offered for many camera mounts: Canon EF and EF-M, Fujifilm X, Olympus / Panasonic Four Thirds and Micro Four Thirds, Pentax K, Samsung NX, and Sony A and E mounts.
For this review, we will test the Rokinon version with the Pentax K-1. With a street price of $799 as of July 2016, the Rokinon lens is a compelling offering, about half the price of equivalent lenses from Canon or Nikon. Being the only available tilt-shift for Pentax, it suffers no competition (except the scarce, prohibitively expensive Schneider tilt-shifts). Does it still perform well enough to find its place in a photographer's bag? Read the review and find out!
May 16, 2014
Columbia, Mo. - Mizzou Basketball announced that freshman guard Shane Rector will transfer out of the program. The Bronx, N.Y., native played in 23 games last season, averaging 0.5 points and 0.3 rebounds per game.
"I understand Shane's desire for extended playing time and will do whatever I can to assist him in this process," Head Coach Kim Anderson said. "I certainly want to thank Shane for his time at Missouri and want to wish him and his family all the best."
One of Rector's top games came in the SEC Tournament win over Texas A&M. He recorded three steals, hit 3-of-4 free throws and grabbed two rebounds in the second overtime to help the Tigers to the 91-83 victory.
"I appreciate Coach Anderson and the administration at Missouri for supporting me as I look for a new opportunity," Rector said. "This was a difficult decision because I have made some great friends during my time here. Mizzou is a great University with great people. This was just a personal decision that my family and I felt was in my best interest."
For more information on Mizzou Basketball please follow us on Twitter @MizzouHoops.
##Mizzou Hoops ##
Brendan Sinclair North American Editor Wednesday 20th January 2016 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Capcom
On February 16, Street Fighter V will launch on PlayStation 4 and PC. It will not be launching to Xbox One thanks to an exclusivity deal signed with Sony. And as Capcom director of brand marketing and eSports Matt Dahlgren told GamesIndustry.biz recently, there are a few reasons for that.
Dahlgren called the deal "the largest strategic partnership that fighting games have ever seen," and said it addressed several problems the publisher has had surrounding its fighting games for years.
"Basically every SKU of a game we released had its own segmented community," he said. "No one was really able to play together and online leaderboards were always segmented, so it was very difficult to find out who would be the best online and compare everybody across the board."
"A lot of the other eSports games out there are team-based, and while there's an appeal to those, there's something about having a single champion and having that 1v1 showdown that's just inherently easy for people to understand."
Street Fighter V should alleviate that problem as it's only on two platforms, and gamers on each will be able to play with those on the other. Dahlgren said it will also help salt away problems that stemmed from differences between platforms. For example, the Xbox 360 version of Street Fighter IV had less input lag than the PS3 version. That fraction of a second difference between button press and action on-screen might have been unnoticeable to most casual players, but it was felt by high-level players who know the game down to the last frame of animation.
"There were varying degrees of input lag, so when those players ended up playing each other, it wasn't necessarily on an equal playing field," Dahlgren said. "This time around, by standardizing the platform and making everyone play together, there will be a tournament standard and everyone is on an equal playing field."
Finally, Dahlgren said the deal with Sony will help take Street Fighter to the next level when it comes to eSports. In some ways, it's a wonder it's not there already.
"I think fighting games are one of the purest forms of 1v1 competition," Dahlgren said. "A lot of the other eSports games out there are team-based, and while there's an appeal to those, there's something about having a single champion and having that 1v1 showdown that's just inherently easy for people to understand."
Street Fighter has a competitive gaming legacy longer than League of Legends or DOTA, but isn't mentioned in the same breath as those hits on the eSports scene. In some ways, that legacy might have stymied the franchise's growth in eSports.
"A lot of our community was really built by the fans themselves," Dahlgren said. "Our tournament scene was built by grassroots tournament organizers, really without the help of Capcom throughout the years. And I would say a lot of those fans have been somewhat defensive [about expanding the game's appeal to new audiences]. It hasn't been as inclusive as it could have been. With that said, I do definitely feel a shift in our community. There's always been a talking point with our hardcore fans as to whether or not Street Fighter is an eSport, and what eSports could do for the scene. Could it potentially hurt it? There's been all this controversy behind it."
Even Capcom has shifted stances on how to handle Street Fighter as an eSport.
"In the past, we were actually against partnering up with any sort of corporations or companies out there that were treating eSports more like a business," Dahlgren said. "And that has to do out of respect for some of our long-term tournament organizers... Our fear was that if we go out and partner up with companies concerned more about making a profit off the scene instead of the values that drive the community, then it could end up stomping out all these tournament organizers who are very passionate and have done so much for our franchise."
"In the past, we were actually against partnering up with any sort of corporations or companies out there that were treating eSports more like a business."
So instead of teaming with the MLGs or ESLs of the world, Capcom teamed with Twitch and formed its own Pro Tour in 2014. Local tournament organizers handle the logistics of the shows and retain the rights to their brands, while Capcom provides marketing support and helps with production values.
"I can't say Capcom wouldn't partner up with some of the other, more established eSports leagues out there," Dahlgren said. "I do think there's a way to make both of them exist, but our priority in the beginning was paying homage to our hardcore fans that helped build the scene, protecting them and allowing them to still have the entrepreneurial spirit to grow their own events. That comes first, before partnering with larger organizations."
Just as Capcom's stance toward tournaments has changed to better suit Street Fighter's growth as an eSport, so too has the business model behind the game. The company has clearly looked at the success of many free-to-play eSports favorites and incorporated elements of them (except the whole "free-to-play" thing) into Street Fighter V. Previously, Capcom would release a core Street Fighter game, followed by annual or bi-annual updates with a handful of new fighters and balancing tweaks. Street Fighter V will have no such "Super" versions, with all new content and tweaks made to the game on a rolling basis.
"We are treating the game now more as a platform and a service, and are going to be continually adding new content post-launch," Dahlgren said. "This is the first time we're actually having our own in-game economy and in-game currency. So the more you play the game online, you're going to generate fight money, and then you can use that fight money to earn DLC content post-launch free of charge, which is a first in our franchise. So essentially we're looking at an approach that takes the best of both worlds. It's not too far away from what our players really expect from a SF game, yet we get some of the benefits of continually releasing content post-launch and giving fans more of what they want to increase engagement long-term."
Even if it's not quite free-to-play, Street Fighter V may at least be cheaper to play. Dahlgren said that pricey arcade stick peripherals are not as essential for dedicated players as they might have seemed in the past.
"Since Street Fighter comes from an arcade heritage, a lot of people have this general belief that arcade sticks are the premier way of playing," Dahlgren said. "I think now that the platform choice has moved more towards consoles, pad play has definitely become much more prevalent. I would believe that at launch you're probably going to have more pad players than you actually have stick players. And in the competitive scene, we've seen the rise of a lot of very impressive pad players, which has pretty much shown that Street Fighter is a game that's not necessarily dictated by the controller you play with; it's the strategies and tactics you employ. And both of them are essentially on equal playing ground."
Socialist has never been a complimentary term in American political discourse, but it has reached a particularly high level of toxicity during the past six years of President Barack Obama's administration.
While the president and his defenders have spent a great deal of time parrying that attack, Bernie Sanders is using the socialist label to his advantage, packing venues around the country and establishing himself as Hillary Rodham Clinton's leading challenger for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination.
Story Continued Below
Sanders, 73, has been preaching socialism for nearly half a century, and he cites Eugene Debs, the five-time presidential candidate of the Socialist Party of America, as his hero. But he hasn't always embraced the label.
“I myself don't use the word socialism,” he said in 1976 in the Vermont Cynic, a student publication at the University of Vermont, “because people have been brainwashed into thinking socialism automatically means slave-labor camps, dictatorship and lack of freedom of speech.”
Even when Sanders ran for mayor of Burlington in 1981, “Bernie never mentioned the word ‘socialist' in his campaign,” according to Greg Guma, a longtime Sanders watcher and the author of “The People's Republic: Vermont and the Sanders Revolution.”
When he won, though, it wasn't Sanders' choice anymore.
“The media probably made that label stick,” said Alan Abbey, who covered Sanders at the time for the Burlington Free Press. “It makes for good headlines.”
“I've stayed away from calling myself a socialist,” Sanders said in the Boston Globe in the aftermath of his win in ‘81, “because I did not want to spend half my life explaining that I did not believe in the Soviet Union or in concentration camps.”
Two months later, in the Boston Phoenix, he said he didn't want to be “a spokesman for socialism.”
It's what he's become. And even though less than half of Americans say they would vote for a socialist for president (47 percent, fewer than would vote for an atheist or a Muslim), Sanders is sticking with it.
Here, then, are 14 things Sanders has said about socialism since the ‘80s:
1. In the summer 1986 issue of a now-defunct magazine called Vermont Affairs: “All that socialism means to me, to be very frank with you, is democracy with a small ‘d.' I believe in democracy, and by democracy I mean that, to as great an extent as possible, human beings have the right to control their own lives. And that means that you cannot separate the political structure from the economic structure. One has to be an idiot to believe that the average working person who's making $10,000 or $12,000 a year is equal in political power to somebody who is the head of a large bank or corporation. So if you believe in political democracy, if you believe in equality, you have to believe in economic democracy as well.”
2. In Vermont Affairs: “… I certainly did not know what the word socialism meant growing up, because I was brought up in a very nonpolitical family. My brother was somewhat active, but my parents were not. But I think some people tend not to accept what almost everybody has accepted as true. Many people go to school, but most of them don't challenge the basic assumptions of their teachers or of the system. And I always have. You reach a certain age when you start reading reasonably widely, and you find ideas that reflect your gut feeling about something. I think that's usually the process — you find what you're looking for. I had that feeling when I first read Eugene Debs, for example. If you read what Debs said about the goals of socialism, it's no different from what I've been saying — that all socialism is about is democracy.”
3. From the 1988 dissertation of Steven Soifer, a professor of social work at the University of Memphis, who wrote about Sanders' time as mayor of Burlington: “What being a socialist means is … that you hold out … a vision of society where poverty is absolutely unnecessary, where international relations are not based on greed … but on cooperation … where human beings can own the means of production and work together rather than having to work as semi-slaves to other people who can hire and fire.”
4. In an interview with Catherine Alison Hill for a master's thesis she wrote at Cornell in 1989: “Socialism has a lot of different messages to different people. I think the issue of socialist ideology and what that meant or means is not terribly important. I think the positive of it is that it indicates to people that I am not a conventional politician. If they are not happy with the status quo, then that is a positive thing. The negative of it obviously is that there are people who equate it with totalitarianism and the Soviet Union.”
5. In a speech he gave at the National Committee for Independent Political Action in New York City on June 22, 1989, reprinted in the December 1989 issue of the socialist publication Monthly Review: “In Vermont, everybody knows that I am a socialist and that many people in our movement, not all, are socialists. And as often as not — and this is an interesting point that is the honest-to-God truth — what people will say is, ‘I don't really know what socialism is, but if you're not a Democrat or a Republican, you're OK with me.' That's true. And I think there has been too much of a reluctance on the part of progressives and radicals to use the word ‘socialism.'”
6. In his NCIPA speech: “Yes, it is true that a result of the tremendous political ignorance in this country created by the schools and the media, there are many people who do not know the difference between ‘socialism' and ‘communism.' Yes, on more than one occasion, I have been told to ‘go back to Russia.' But, if we maintain a strong position on civil liberties, express our continued opposition to authoritarianism and the concept of the one-party state, I am confident that the vast majority of the people will understand that there is nothing incompatible between socialism and democracy. That has been the case in Vermont and I believe, with proper effort, that it can be the case nationally. Further, given the fact that in Burlington we have almost doubled voter turnout and have significantly increased citizen participation, it is very hard for our opponents to argue that we are not ‘democratic.'”
7. In an interview with The Associated Press in November 1990: “To me, socialism doesn't mean state ownership of everything, by any means, it means creating a nation, and a world, in which all human beings have a decent standard of living.”
8. In the book he wrote with Huck Gutman, Outsider in the House, published in 1997: “Bill Clinton is a moderate Democrat. I'm a democratic socialist.”
9. In an interview with the Guardian in November 2006: “Twenty years ago, when people here thought about socialism they were thinking about the Soviet Union, about Albania. Now they think about Scandinavia. In Vermont people understand I'm talking about democratic socialism.”
10. In an interview with The Washington Post in November 2006. “I wouldn't deny it. Not for one second. I'm a democratic socialist. … In Norway, parents get a paid year to care for infants. Finland and Sweden have national health care, free college, affordable housing and a higher standard of living. … . Why shouldn't that appeal to our disappearing middle class?”
11. In an interview with Democracy Now in November 2006: “In terms of socialism, I think there is a lot to be learned from Scandinavia and from some of the work, very good work that people have done in Europe. In countries like Finland, Norway, Denmark, poverty has almost been eliminated. All people have health care as a right of citizenship. College education is available to all people, regardless of income, virtually free. I have been very aggressive in trying to move to sustainable energy. They have a lot of political participation, high voter turnouts. I think there is a lot to be learned from countries that have created more egalitarian societies than has the United States of America.”
12. To Democracy Now: “I think it means the government has got to play a very important role in making sure that as a right of citizenship, all of our people have health care; that as a right, all of our kids, regardless of income, have quality childcare, are able to go to college without going deeply into debt; that it means we do not allow large corporations and moneyed interests to destroy our environment; that we create a government in which it is not dominated by big money interest. I mean, to me, it means democracy, frankly. That's all it means. And we are living in an increasingly undemocratic society in which decisions are made by people who have huge sums of money. And that's the goal that we have to achieve.”
13. In an interview with the Des Moines Register this month: “If you look at the issues — you don't have to worry about the word ‘socialist' — just look at what I'm talking about. If you go out and ask the American people: Is it right that the middle class continues to disappear while there has been a massive transfer of wealth from working families to the top one-tenth of 1 percent? Trillions of dollars in the last 30 years have flowed from the middle class to the top one-tenth of 1 percent. And the American people say, ‘No, that's not right.' And if you ask the American people: Do you think it's right that despite an explosion of technology and an increase in worker productivity, the average worker is working longer hours for low wages? They say no. And what the American people are saying pretty loudly and clearly is they want an economy that works for ordinary Americans. For working people. Not an economy where almost all of the income and all of the wealth is going to the top 1 percent. That's what we have now.”
14. In an interview with The Nation this month: “Do they think I'm afraid of the word? I'm not afraid of the word.”
“The history of North Korea suggests that its leadership acts with the greatest vehemence when it is internally weak, as a way to justify its economic failures by blaming a foreign conspiracy…”
Recently, Republican Senator James Inhofe, a ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, weighed in on the growing tensions on the Korean Peninsula by endorsing a preemptive strike against North Korea.
“We should be prepared to do it right now,'' he declared. “In terms of the capability we have out there with the F-22s and the battleships … a preemptive strike from something like that would get their attention.”
Inhofe is well known for his hard line and sometimes controversial positions, so it might be easy to dismiss his remarks if it were not for the fact that other voices, including some from more traditionally restrained sources, have started making similar arguments. Jeremi Suri, one of America's leading diplomatic historians (and, in the interests of full disclosure, one of my closest friends), recently joined this chorus, writing in a New York Times op-ed, entitled “Bomb North Korea, Before it's Too Late,” that the U.S. should preemptively destroy a North Korean missile before it could be tested, a step he described as an act of self defense against a “clear and present danger.”
Public opinion seems generally critical of the idea, but there is a growing minority that is clearly warming to the proposition. An Ohio newspaper recently asked its online readers if they believed the U.S. should “launch a preemptive strike” against the DPRK; 31% of the over 1,300 respondents replied in the affirmative.
It is understandable that a growing number of Americans are frustrated with what seems like a never-ending stream of Northern belligerence, and with the seeming inability of American policymakers to deter the reclusive state. And yet, the argument for preemption rests on a flawed understanding of North Korea that makes this option not only ill-advised, but also potentially disastrous.
There are many shortcomings in the preemption argument. First, it reflects a failure to recognize the realities and continuities in DPRK diplomacy, where threats, insults, and relatively minor shows of force are simply the first step in the negotiation process. The motives that underlay this strategic approach are still debated, but the fact is that over the last half-century, North Korea has beaten the drums of war not as a prelude to conflict but as a way to capture the world's attention and, hopefully, create a pretext for meeting at the negotiating table. Over the past decade, North Korea has warned of “a sea of fire,” and a “sea of flames,” has promised a “Holy War,” and an “all out war,” and threatened to “mercilessly wipe out the aggressors.” None of them, obviously, ever happened.
During earlier crises in 1968, 1976, and 1994, the North threatened the U.S. and its allies in similar language, but never took actions to match their rhetoric. Instead, their bluster appears to have been intended to create a crisis that could then be easily solved at the diplomatic table. There is no reason to think that the current threats are any different. Most North Korea watchers expect another week of verbal pyrotechnics followed by the North suddenly declaring a brilliant victory for its domestic audience while simultaneously begging for aid from those it was so recently threatening. Such a diplomatic game may be frustrating, but it is certainly a better option than the potentially devastating war that might result from an American first strike.
With two profitable quarters under its belt, the “new” General Motors is preparing to seek new investors, the first step toward cutting its ties to the U.S. government.
The $3.8 billion it earned before interest and taxes in the first half of 2010 sounds OK, but you can't trust the numbers. Why?
Because GM said so.
The most glaring of many disclosures contained in the 734-page IPO document is this warning on page 25:
"We have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting are currently not effective. The lack of effective internal controls could materially adversely affect our financial condition and ability to carry out our business plan."
The company goes on to say:
"Until we have been able to test the operating effectiveness of remediated internal controls and ensure the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, any material weaknesses may materially adversely affect our ability to report accurately our financial condition and results of operations in the future in a timely and reliable manner. In addition, although we continually review and evaluate internal control systems to allow management to report on the sufficiency of our internal controls, we cannot assure you that we will not discover additional weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting."
Say what?
That's a bunch of legalese, but basically, GM is saying it can't guarantee its reported results are accurate. And It's auditor, Deloitte & Touche, agrees. But GM wants you to invest in the company anyway.
In recent years, GM—a company traditionally run by bean counters— had a habit of restating its quarterly results long after the quarter had closed. In January 2009, GM settled a case filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission over the way it accounted for pensions and other issues. The company identified problems with its bookkeeping and put in a number of remedies that year.
GM said it had reason to believe the fixes were sufficient, but then it filed for bankruptcy in mid-2009, and that created a whole new set of financial problems. When it emerged 40 days later, the company once again had to restate earnings under what's known as "fresh start accounting."
All of which is to say GM's finance department was very, very busy over the past year and a half. As a result, it really hasn't been able to fully test the new policies and procedures to see if they are effective.
Now, of course, GM goes on to say "we believe that there are no material inaccuracies or omissions of material fact and, to the best of our knowledge" the figures for 2009, both before and after bankruptcy, and for the first half of 2010 are accurate.
But should we trust them?
Executives at other companies are scratching their heads, too, especially since GM has a new chief executive, Daniel Akerson, who won't even take over until September 1. He's a telecommunications executive who, like chief financial officer Christopher Liddell, has no experience with the auto industry.
What's the rush in going public? It might be politically expedient for the Obama administration, but America needs GM to be successful, and it only gets one chance to go public. If there are lingering doubts about the company's chances for success, GM stock won't fetch a good price, and taxpayers won't be fully repaid.
Why not give Akerson and Liddell a chance to get up to speed on the auto business, and to make sure GM's finances are in order?
TORONTO — When English striker Bradley Wright-Phillips arrived in Major League Soccer, he was looking forward to seeing North America.
Then the reality of MLS travel set in for the New York Red Bulls star.
“Little did I know some of the flights were seven hours,” recalled the charismatic Brit, perhaps exaggerating a tad. “When I got on the plane to Seattle, I felt like I got set up. I remember asking someone how long left and they said something like five hours. I had already finished the film. I was thinking ‘I'll have a drink and then we'll land.' It's crazy.”
The travel grind hasn't derailed him. Including playoffs, Wright-Phillips has 76 goals since joining the Red Bulls in 2013 and won the Golden Boot Award as the league's top goal-scorer in 2014 and '16.
But he still doesn't like MLS travel.
“Personally I don't think I'll every get used to the travelling,” he said. “Never.”
It's easy to see why. Toronto to Vancouver is some 3,365 kilometres, 820 more than London to Moscow. And unlike their North American sports counterparts, MLS teams generally fly commercial.
MLS limits clubs to charter four legs per year when it comes to league play although teams can add charters if cheaper than the commercial alternative.
Contrast that with the Toronto Raptors, Blue Jays and Maple Leafs, who charter routinely. Even in the cash-conscious CFL, the Argonauts chartered to half their away games last season although clearly finding room for an entire football team on a commercial plane is a challenge.
The MLS collective bargaining agreement allows the league to authorize more charters. And it will do so when circumstances dictate. But restricting the number serves as a way of keeping the haves and have-nots on a level playing field.
“I think it's something that we're looking at as a league,” Greg Anderson, Vancouver's vice-president of soccer operations, said of increased charter use. “But where we are as a league, it's a reality and I think we just try to do the best we can to make the travel as smooth as possible.”
Toronto FC usually sends a 32-man contingent to away games, counting players, coaches and other staff.
Ted Tieu, Toronto's manager of team operations, is the pointman for travel. He took over the task from Corey Wray, now TFC's director of team operations, and has the logistics down to an art.
When the schedule comes out, he co-ordinates with Sportscorp Travel, an agency based in Bolton, Ont., that now handles all the league, to help get the team from A to B and work with league-approved hotels.
Toronto tries to fly Air Canada whenever possible, citing customer service and seat selection among other things. Having players build up status with the airline also helps cut baggage costs (under the CBA players get to keep their points).
Teams have worked hard to streamline airport procedure, including getting Nexus cards for players whenever possible to ease customs.
Tieu is the advance man, arriving early with the equipment manager to get bags checked in and to double-check passports. The players and coaches, who normally travel with carry-on, get their boarding passes and go through security.
The players get window or aisle seats, as per the CBA.
At six foot three, there is nothing economy about Toronto goalkeeper Clint Irwin's frame. Not that he is complaining.
“I try to do my best to find a little bit of legroom somewhere,” said Irwin, who is TFC's union rep. “If I can get an exit row, that's great. But at some point, you can't complain about it. It's just what the league is at this point and you've just got to get on with it.”
While in the past select Toronto players or staff have flown business class, none of those you might expect have availed of themselves to get special treatment.
“Uniquely with this group they've all said ‘No thank you, we want to sit with everyone else.' That's been great for us,” Wray said.
It's the same with the Whitecaps.
Toronto has an advantage over some other clubs in it almost always can fly direct to league destinations. The Whitecaps will fly direct to 12 of 17 away games this season.
While teams have done all they can to ease travel, flying commercial means they can fall prey to the kind of travel snarls we all do — from weather delays and mechanical issues to unexpected visits to secondary customs.
An example was a trip to Montreal when there was no gate available to land. The plane returned to Toronto and had to land before taking off again.
TFC has traditionally chartered to Salt Lake because of a lack of simple options getting there. But thanks to a direct flight, the team is flying commercial for the season opener there March 4.
Wray and Tieu look to keep their options open, given the charter limit extends to the playoffs. For games Saturday and Wednesday in early May in Seattle and Columbus, the team has commercial options both to fly home from Seattle and go from Seattle to Columbus or charter from the Pacific Northwest to the Midwest.
The ultimate decision will be made with coach Greg Vanney, GM Tim Bezbatchenko and president Bill Manning.
Charters can be “astronomical,” says Wray, so if they can fly easily commercially, the decision is easy.
The CONCACAF Champions League is a different entity and doesn't count against the league charter rules. With destinations like El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua, Toronto has typically chartered in the past.
“Anything that can go wrong typically goes wrong on those trips so we try to control as much as possible,” said Wray.
Like other teams, the Whitecaps try to build science into the timing of their travel plans. Often the team will stay on West Coast time when it travels east, staying up later, sleeping in and eating at regular times to avoid disruption.
Vanney played 10 seasons in MLS and says travel has improved since his day.
“I think still the next step is charter flights and the hope that we can get there fairly soon. Just because the days become incredibly long … it becomes a whole-day project no matter how short or how far you go.”
Flying charters is more efficient and this is better for the players and the on-field product, Vanney argues.
He has seen both sides of the coin. Away from MLS, he played for France's SC Bastia, which is located on the island of Sicily.
The team chartered everywhere, usually flying in the morning of games and leaving right after.
Not every player is down on MLS travel.
Veteran Colorado Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard, who has seen soccer travel on both sides of the Atlantic, says it's just part of the job.
“It's a business trip, that's what it is … I don't mind the travel. I sleep on the plane so it's easy.”
And Yura Movsisyan, an American-born Armenian international forward who plays for Real Salt Lake, also has some perspective having spent time in Russia with Krasnodar and Spartak Moscow.
“It's a lot more fun to fly here than to fly there,” he said with a smile.
Outlets told they had broken law by using unofficial name for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Slovak media covering the Brexit process are facing fines of up to €6,600 for using the unofficial but widely known name Britain rather than the official United Kingdom.
How well do you really know your country? Take our quiz Read more
News outlets have been reprimanded by a state agency charged with enforcing uniform use of official country names in publications, based on an obscure 1995 law passed when Slovakia was a newly independent state.
The Bratislava-based Geodesy, Cartography and Cadastre Authority said it was acting on dozens of messages from readers and planned to hold a seminar on correct terminology for the media before it started collecting fines.
A letter sent to all Slovak media outlets last week said they had repeatedly broken the law by using the names Britain and Great Britain in Brexit coverage rather than the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
“Our key goal is to raise awareness. We have never fined anyone in the past but we are ready to enforce the law,” the agency's chief, Mária Fridrichová, said.
Slovakia's PM calls journalists 'dirty anti-Slovak prostitutes' Read more
Most media outlets had made no changes days after receiving the agency's letter. “I think the letter is absurd and I will not instruct our editors to use different terms,” said Beata Balogová, editor-in-chief of the newspaper SME.
A list of official country names on the agency website shows that United Kingdom is permissible, as well as abbreviated names of other states such as Germany and Macedonia.
The British embassy said it did not mind the name Britain being used by Slovak media. “The embassy's official logo says ‘British embassy Bratislava' but we will comply with the Slovak law if required,” a spokeswoman said.
Slovakia's official name is the Slovak Republic but Slovakia is legal in published references.
You hope the ARU is looking after the Waratahs No.10 financially, because he is the one player in Australia they cannot afford to lose.
I believe the gap between Foley and the next best No.10 in Australia is now greater than in any other position. Fullback Israel Folau could miss a game and the Wallabies would notice it, but it would not be a calamity with Dane Haylett-Petty around.
Considering his layoff and the nature of his injury, Foley was brilliant against the Rebels on Friday. When his pack woke up and started providing some good ball he was stressing the Rebels with his running game and link play.
But the bit I enjoyed the most? When Marika Koroibete lined him up, thinking he would straight over the top of him, and Foley brought him to deck with a lovely tackle around the legs.
By Jonathan Head
BBC News, Istanbul
Guests can go au naturel around the pool What was billed as the Muslim world's first nudist hotel has been forced to close, just six days after it opened. The Hotel Adaburnu Golmar was shut after a local authority inspection which found that one of the balconies did not match the architect's drawings. The first 12 sparsely-clad guests at the 64-room resort in Datca on the Turkish Riviera have had to be moved to more conventional accommodation. The hotel owner said he hoped to modify the balcony and re-open by Wednesday. Entrepreneur Ahmed Kosar, a 15-year veteran of the Turkish tourism industry, told the BBC that he was always looking for new niches to exploit in the $20bn (£13.6bn) business, and that a number of European clients at his other hotels had expressed an interest in nudism. The resort was constructed in a quiet spot on the Datca peninsula, west of the popular resort of Marmaris. It offers guests the opportunity to bare all around the pool, or to take a special shuttle bus to a private beach where nudity is tolerated. Mr Kosar said he was campaigning to re-open the hotel, and argued that many other hotels in the area have been allowed to continue operating despite not getting some of the many different licences required in Turkey. It took him two years to build, and he said there were no objections from the local inhabitants, provided the naked tourists confined themselves to the grounds of the resort and the private beach. The hotel is only open to foreigners - Turks are not allowed to stay - and the staff, nearly all male, keep their clothes on. Mr Kosar would not be drawn on the subject of whether officials from the governing AK Party were behind the closure - the party is frequently accused of quietly implementing a conservative Muslim agenda in many parts of Turkey. But he said that if his project continued to be blocked, he would consider moving it abroad, perhaps to Croatia or northern Cyprus.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All the picks in the pre-season and rookie drafts
Advertisement Sport
AFL All the picks in the pre-season and rookie drafts December 11, 2012 — 12.09pm Normal text size Larger text size Very large text size PRE-SEASON DRAFT Round One 1. GWS Giants - Bret Thornton (Carlton)
2. Western Bulldogs - Pass
3. Port Adelaide - Sam Colquhorn (Central District)
4. Brisbane Lions - Pass
5. Richmond - Pass
6. Essendon - Will Hams (Gippsland Power)
7. Carlton - Pass
8. Fremantle - Jack Hannath (Central District)
9. Collingwood - Pass
10. Adelaide Crows - Nick Joyce (Adelaide)
11. Sydney Swans - Kurt Tippett (Adelaide) Round Two 12. GWS Giants - Dean Brogan (Greater Western Sydney)
13. Carlton - Pass
14. Fremantle - Jesse Crichton (Fremantle)
15. Collingwood - Pass
16. Sydney Swans - Pass Advertisement Round Three 17. Sydney Swans - Pass
ROOKIE DRAFT Round One 1. GWS Giants - Pass
2. Gold Coast Suns - Leigh Osborne (Frankston)
3. Melbourne - Nathan Stark (Glenelg)
4. Western Bulldogs - Brett Goodes (Williamstown)
5. Port Adelaide - Kane Mitchell (Claremont)
6. Brisbane Lions - Nicholas Hayes (Woodville West Torrens)
7. Richmond - Ricky Petterd (Melbourne)
8. Essendon - Ariel Steinberg (Essendon)
9. Carlton - Jared Cachia (Carlton)
10. North Melbourne - Tim McGenniss (Dandenong Stingrays)
11. Fremantle - Matthew Taberner (Murray Bushrangers)
12. West Coast - Callum Sinclair (Subiaco)
13. Collingwood - Kyle Martin (Frankston)
14. Adelaide - Kyle Hartigan (Werribee Tigers)
15. Hawthorn - Jonathon Ceglar (Collingwood)
16. Sydney Swans - Jake Lloyd (North Ballarat)
Round Two 17. Greater Western Sydney - Pass
18. Gold Coast Suns - Pass
19. Melbourne - Mitchell Clisby (North Adelaide)
20. Port Adelaide - Justin Hoskin (Port Adelaide SANFL)
21. Brisbane Lions - Callum Bartlett (Brisbane Lions)
22. Richmond - Sam Lonergan (Essendon)
23. Carlton - Andrew Collins (Carlton)
24. North Melbourne - Ben Speight (North Melbourne)
25. Fremantle - Alex Howson (East Fremantle)
26. West Coast - Jamie Bennell (Melbourne)
27. Collingwood - Sam Dwyer (Port Melbourne)
28. Hawthorn - Ciaran Kilkenny (Ireland Castleknock)
29. Sydney Swans - Xavier Richards (Sandringham Dragons) Round Three 30. Greater Western Sydney - Pass
31. Gold Coast Suns - Pass
32. Brisbane Lions - Pass
33. Richmond - Orren Stephenson (Geelong)
34. North Melbourne - Cameron Richardson (North Melbourne)
35. Collingwood - Adam Oxley Redland, Queensland)
36. Adelaide - Jack Osborn (N/A)
37. Dane Rampe (Uni of NSW) Round Four 38. Greater Western Sydney - Pass
39. Gold Coast Suns - Pass
40. Richmond - Cadeyn Williams (Murray Bushrangers)
41. Collingwood - Jack Frost (Williamstown)
42. Adelaide - Tim Klaosen (N/A)
43. Sydney Swans - pass Round Five 44. Greater Western Sydney - Pass
45. Gold Coast Suns - Pass
46. Fremantle - Craig Moller (N/A)
47. Collingwood - Ben Hudson (Brisbane Lions)
Round Six 48. Gold Coast Suns - Pass
49. Collingwood - Peter Yagmoor (Collingwood)
50. Sydney Swans - Daniel Robinson (Mosman Swans) Round Seven 51. Greater Western Sydney - Jack Redfern (Sydney Hills Eagles)
52. Gold Coast Suns - Pass
53. Collingwood - Ben Richmond (N/A) Round Eight 54. Greater Western Sydney - Zachary Williams (Narrandera, New South Wales)
55. Gold Coast Suns - Andrew Boston (Broadbeach, Queensland)
56. Brisbane Lions - Jordon Bourke (Morningside, Queensland)
57. Sydney Swans - Brandon Jack (Pennant Hills) Loading Round Nine 58. Sydney Swans - Sam Naismith (North Shore) License this article Most Viewed in Sport Loading Advertisement
The reimagined Commodore 64 that's currently seeking funding has come under fire for what's under the hood.
The 64
The 64 computer/console is currently seeking $150k on crowdfunding site IndieGoGo. Modelled after the original Commodore 64, fans can opt for a regular version with a joystick and games, or a handheld edition for retro gaming kicks on the go.
Unfortunately, however, a few backers and interested onlookers weren't too happy with the technical specs.
"We've had so many requests for the gory technical details, that we just couldn't refuse to send out an update!" reads a post by the makers of The 64.
The 64
"At the core of The 64 is a low cost, high power ARM Cortex SoC, which provides all the modern interfaces demanded by today's consumers.
"This has clear advantages for the consumer. Creating a software/hardware hybrid machine allows The 64 to be both affordable and flexible, and delivers a product that can expand to meet users future needs.
"A pure hardware implementation, on the other hand, fixes the specification at design time, and we feel that this is too limiting a solution and a substantial risk. Gate arrays are too costly to give an economic solution."
Facebook
However, as one potential backer points out on Facebook, the ARM Cortex SoC is the same as that used in the Raspberry Pi.
Considering he already owns a Raspberry Pi - more than one, in fact - this is one backer that has decided to back out.
If successfully funded, the console will ship to backers in late 2016, while the handheld has an estimated shipping date of April 2017.
It follows on from the hugely successful handheld ZX Spectrum, which raised £382k on IndieGoGo earlier this year.
Dentonites! Rejoice in the surprisingly pleasant weather and do a little Dentoning this weekend. Music? Check. Trivia? Check. Disney-themed tacos and karaoke? Double check! Plus, Armadillo Ale Works has something special to share with Denton!
Thursday, August 18th
Oak Street Photo Contest
Oak Street Drafthouse, 1 PM
Oak Street Drafthouse is bringing back their Summer Photo Contest! Take a picture sporting your Oak Street garb (t-shirt, hat, sunglasses, stickers, etc.) at any scenic spot, whether you're on vacation or taking a trek around the state. Photos will be accepted until September 1st, and voting will take place October 1st via Facebook. First place winner gets $300, so get creative and rep the drafthouse proper.
Eric Daino's Tour Kickoff
The Abbey Underground, 8 PM
Eric Daino will be trading one tour for another, finishing up his summer stint with The Holophonics and heading back out solo. This Skacoustic Tour kicks off at The Abbey Underground, featuring local singer-songwriters Lydia Low, J.R. Byrd, and more! Show is FREE, but you must be 21+.
Nintendo Trivia
II Charlies Bar & Grill, 9 PM
Level-up your Thursday night by showcasing your Nintendo Universe trivia skills, hosted by II Charlie's Bar & Grill. There will be cheap drinks and prizes aplenty—did we mention it's FREE to play? II Charlie's is in between two pokéstops, if that's more your thing.
Friday, August 19th
Armadillo Ale Works Honey Please Release
East Side, 6 PM
Join East Side as they welcome Armadillo Ale Works back to the market. As we eagerly await their brewery to open (slated to open downtown later this year), Armadillo Ale Works will debut their new beer, Honey Please. We heard this blonde ale is brewed with mesquite beans and Texas wildflower honey—yum! Customized glassware for this release is available, so buy the beer and keep the glass. Pan Ector will be out creating prints.
Cash & Respect/Masa Muzik Presents #CWDMF2 + Masa Lopez B-Day Bash
Andy's Bar, 9 PM
Cash & Respect and Masa Musik bring the beats to Andy's Bar for Campaign with Da Mayor Fest 2 (#CWDMF2) and Masa Lopez's birthday bash! Hosted by Mz Bossy, DJ Imperial D will be spinning in between performances by Masa Lopez, Ghetto Box, and more! Show is free before 10 PM; doors are at 9.
Quiet on the Set, I am Happy Am, Jared and The Jewelers
The Abbey Underground, 10 PM
Get your second wind at The Abbey Underground with the high-energy sounds of Quiet on the Set. This theatrical pop/rock band will be joined by the folk-fuzz project from Fort Worth, I am Happy Am. Jared and The Jewelers opens. FREE!
Saturday, August 20th
Become a Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Denton County Elections Administration, 10 AM
The League of Women Voters Denton invites you to become a Volunteer Deputy Registrar (you know, those rad people working hard to register voters). With the November elections right around the corner, it's time to make sure Denton County is registered, and they need your help. This FREE event lasts about an hour, and you'll leave a trained Volunteer Deputy Registrar. Get out there, Dentonites!
PolaWalk at the 88th North Texas State Fair & Rodeo
North Texas State Fair, 6 PM
Join the Instant Film Society for a PolaWalk at the 88th Annual North Texas State Fair and Rodeo. Bring your instant film camera and explore (and capture!) what the North Texas State Fair has to offer: food vendors, exhibits, games, rides, concerts, and more. If you don't have an instant camera, bring a pack of Impossible or Fujifilm's Instax wide film and you can borrow a camera. Tickets are $15 for adults and $5 for kids 7–12. Children 6 and under are free. (Tip: Print your tickets ahead of time to beat the line. This event takes place rain or shine, so grab a raincoat, slip on your galoshes, and get your cameras ready!
Black Box Theatre Presents Andrew “Jr Boy” Jones Blues
Black Box Theatre, 7 PM
The Denton Campus Theatre and the Denton Black Filmfest is bringing a night of classic Blues to the Point Bank Black Box Theatre. This two-night event showcases the talents of Andrew “Jr Boy” Jones, an established Texas Blues guitarist. Don't miss the opportunity to be serenaded by the melodic moods fronted by Jones' rhythmic roots. Tickets are $15.
Dieselbeast, In Spite of Madness, & More!
Andy's Bar, 9 PM
Put the pedal to the metal—well, ear to the metal in this instance—and headbang your way through the weekend with the rugged sounds of Diselbeast. In Spite of Madness brings the 90's grunge undertones to the table. Obern and Tungsten Wake join the bill. $10.
Sunday, August 21st
August Brunch – Disney Karaoke
Killer's Tacos, 11 AM
Calling all Geek Girls! Join Killer's Tacos for Disney-themed tacos (interested piqued) and Karaoke, so come dressed as your favorite character. Hosted by Geek Girl Brunch Denton, this event will be collecting supplies for low-income children and donated to Big Brothers Big Sisters Denton. Tickets are $16 and will include two tacos, a side, a canned drink, and champagne or juice. Additional raffle tickets will be available for purchase. Tacos, Disney, and karaoke for a good cause? We're in.
Sunday Fun-Day Market
Mulberry Street Cantina, 2 PM
The Mulberry Market has returned, y'all! In case you missed it before, Mulberry Street Cantina has teamed-up with the Denton Community Market for a day of shopping and sipping. Local vendors will be showing off (and selling!) their goods inside, so you can stay cool while enjoying a refreshing cocktail. A silent auction will be held, and a portion of sales will be donated to the DCM. A Sunday Fun-Day indeed!
The purpose of this study was to examine the direct and indirect costs of outpatient treatment for different types of illnesses in public and private hospitals in Sylhet, Bangladesh. The direct costs of treatment make up only a small part of the total costs of treatment. However, these direct (monetary) costs are a large burden in the context of extremely low incomes particular for public hospital patients. The majority of the costs however are indirect which are primarily income losses of patients and their caregivers due to illness. The indirect costs are over 95 % for both public and private outpatients of total costs of illness.
Among the individual features: age, gender and disease differences have an effect on the direct, indirect and total costs of illness, whilst outpatients age 60 and over experience the highest direct cost of illness. The average direct cost for female outpatients is higher than male outpatients both in public and private hospitals. The loss of income to parents due to a children illness was significant. Amongst child outpatients female children's average direct cost is also higher than that of male children in private hospital. Old age patients and females are more vulnerable and negatively affected by fees and associated direct spending for treatment. The divergent social roles assigned to women, men and older people affect accessibility and control over resources and decision-making needed to protect health. This results in inequitable patterns of health services especially when the cost of treatment is higher for women (cost of gynecology is higher any other department) and old age people. Health service delivery should strive for equity, therefore, age and gender sensitive service delivery should be effectively addressed by innovative health policies.
3 30 31 Overall public hospital outpatients experience higher total costs than those treated in private hospital. This is significant and the causes and consequences are shown in Fig.. Poverty is the main problem of public hospital outpatients. The relatively high cost of health care services reduces its demand, but not the need for the health care. Usually the poorest outpatients waited the longest to consult a doctor. This is problematic when their conditions have already deteriorated as a result of delaying treatment and the associated financial cost. Medications that are provided in public hospitals are meant to be “free” but are often unavailable. Moreover, poor outpatients regularly substitute doctor care with the local pharmacy owners' opinion. This can be dangerous because those sellers rarely have any formal education in medicine or pharmaceuticals. Further, the pharmaceutical supply chain in developing countries like Bangladesh are fraught with various problems and put treatments at risk []. As a result of these issues, the morbidity of the poor frequently becomes complicated and increases the duration of treatment. This study recommends that more attention be paid to the costs of medication. It is apparent that the present technology infrastructure of Bangladesh's pharmaceutical companies are not sufficiently developed, moreover there is a lack of adequate research funding [] which contribute to inaccessibility to medications.
Transport costs were the second most expensive direct cost of treatment for illness in both public and private hospitals. Villagers from rural areas were especially hard hit by high fuel prices and high associated transport costs, with this situation potentially limiting access to hospital health care facilities which are mostly located in towns and cities. This results in a significant welfare loss for rural and poor villagers seeking health care services. There is a role for government to play to ensure incentives are made available for doctors to relocate to primary health care centers based in rural areas. Otherwise, villagers will be adversely affected by high transport costs which results in inaccessibility to health services.
Income reductions caused by illness were very large. The majority of costs were indirect costs or loss of income from illness which was 97 % of the total cost for public patients and 95 % for private patients. These income losses were catastrophic with the economic burden varying little between illness morbidity and treatment modality. It has been recently observed elsewhere in a cost of cholera study in Bangladesh that indirect costs were over 75 % of total costs of illness [32]. These significant indirect costs of illness are routinely ignored by the health system and government.
Hidden and informal payments in public hospitals are widespread due to the long waiting times and poor management. Efficient functioning of any health system especially public hospitals which are frequently the only supply option for health care for the poor should not be dependent on bribery.
The public hospital quality of care was considered inferior compared to private hospitals due to the lack of an efficient and effective operating environment in public hospitals. This was manifested through informal payments, long waiting times and staff indifference and negligence. policymakers should initiate behavioural training into the professional development programme for all public health employees.
Other problems include the limited government health care budget, hospital management power and lack of information for consumers. Government has in recent times initiated some health care information services through mobile phones [33] but access to information is still uncertain due to the relatively high cost of mobile phones for the poorest. Budget limitations, hospital mis-management and a lack of human resources combine to further disadvantage poorer patients.
In the context of trying to achieve UHC whereby people do not suffer unreasonable financial hardship to pay for access to good quality health care services then a functioning and efficient insurance market for health care should be a major policy goal. Sadly this is far from the reality in Bangladesh. In this study only 10 patients (3.98 %) out of 252 patients had health insurance. Direct ‘out of pocket' household expenditure accounts for an estimated 60 % of total spending on health care [34], with the remaining 40 % covered by public health care services [35]. These numbers strengthen the argument for health insurance.
Community based health insurance schemes have been initiated on a pilot basis in the past few years by non-government organizations. These have been fragmented, local and not successful mainly due to relatively high costs and low incomes. An investigation of micro health insurance systems within a public-private partnership should be undertaken. In 2007 the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare initiated a maternal health voucher to reduce the financial barriers to access to health care in pregnancy. The scheme did not attract any new providers into the market though increased satisfaction of public patients was expressed as a result of the higher level of services that the voucher system induced [36]. Given the extremely low incomes and relatively large out of pocket payments for health care there are strong equity arguments for the development of a central government health care financing model which incorporates health insurance.
There is strong evidence that health insurance provides financial protection by reducing ‘out of pocket' spending. This study recommends health policymakers examine the establishment of a national health care insurance scheme which will provide protection from the catastrophic financial impacts of illness. Further, it has been shown elsewhere that universal health insurance supplemented by private insurance is successful in offsetting large informal payments [23].
The crime branch of Delhi Police has registered a case against management guru and founder of IIPM (Indian Institute of Planning and Management) Arindam Chaudhuri on a complaint by the University Grants Commission (UGC), stating that the institute is ‘cheating' and ‘fooling' its students as it is not recognised by any regulatory body.
In its complaint, the UGC said that the institute did not have any permission to give management degrees.
A case under section 420 (cheating) of the IPC was registered against the institute's dean Arindam Chaudhuri and the director, also his father, Malayendra Kisor Chaudhuri. Police said they are investigating the case and may initiate action next week.
The IIPM has inducted thousands of students under its undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in business and management, the fee for which ranges between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 14 lakh for 22 months.
Sources said the UGC has said that the degrees issued by IIPM are false and misleading as the institute is neither recognised by AICTE nor UGC. “The institute is not authorised to give out any management degree to its students as they do not have the statutory permission required for the same. However, it is still inducting thousands of students every year promising a degree,” the UGC complaint states.
The complaint also mentions that the institute is fooling the students by charging a hefty fee for the courses they are not authorised to conduct.
The Delhi high court in September 2014 had ordered that the institute can no longer use terms such as MBA, BBA or management course for the courses it offers. The court also restrained it from calling itself a management or business school. The high court had also directed the institute to put out on their website the fact that they are not recognised by any regulatory body.
“We received an official complaint from the University Grants Commission stating that the institute targets gullible students and promise to give degrees they are not authorised to. They stated that the institute's dean Arindam Chaudhuri, and his father Malyendra Kisor Chaudhuri are duping students by fraudulently inducting them in several courses at the institute. Following the complaint we registered a case in the matter,” a police source said.
Speaking to the Hindustan Times, Arindam Chaudhuri said, “We are just being targeted and it is very unfortunate. We never claimed that the institute is recognized by a regulatory body. We have always maintained that students concerned about statutory recognition need not apply. We have mentioned the same in our prospectus as well and we are not hiding anything from our students. How can this amount to cheating when everything is clearly written on our website and the prospectus? We have faced this problem before, defended ourselves before the court and have come out clean. This time as well we will fight this. We have been summoned by the police and will fully cooperate with them in the investigation.”
The police have begun the probe and sent a notice to Arindam and Malayendra Kisor Chaudhuri, asking them to join the investigation, sources said.
First Published: May 11, 2015 11:31 IST
Syria must submit a comprehensive list of its stockpiles within a week.
Syria must provide to inspectors from the Organization of Prevention for Chemical Weapons complete and unfettered access to all of its facilities.
from the Organization of Prevention for Chemical Weapons complete and All of Syria's chemical weapons will be destroyed, as well as production equipment and delivery capacity by the first half of 2014.
by the first half of 2014. The international community (the Organization for Prevention of Chemical Weapons) will rapidly assume control of Assad's chemical war-chest.
Unprecedented and extraordinary procedures will be used under the Chemical Weapons Convention to ensure rapid and elimination of Syria's stockpiles.
The agreement will be enforced by Chapter 7 in the UN Security Council, the chapter that covers, among other things, the use of military force.
So let's review, shall we? The United States gets a full disarmament of Syria - verifiably, completely, and and transparently. Russia, which until the G-20 refused to even talk about consequences for Syria is suddenly on board. Syria can't act fast enough to show and turn over the chemical weapons that until last week it didn't even admit it had. Chemical weapons? What chemic... here you go! (credit: Stephanie Miller) And to boot, the United States got Russia to agree to govern this agreement under the part of the Security Council documents that covers military action, even if Russia is still putting up a front against it.
No one should forget that the United States was forced to consider limited military strikes - unilaterally if needed - because of Russia's intransigence in protecting Syria from international consequences no matter its sins. As the president and the Secretary of State consistently said, the goal of the United States with respect to a military strike would be exclusively to degrade Assad's chemical weapons capability and deter its future use. A military strike would certainly achieve those goals, but it wouldn't completely eliminate Assad's chemical weapons. The president has, from day one, preferred a diplomatic solution - but a solution that must be able to reach the goal he was willing to use military strikes to accomplish.
He got that. He got more than that. Because of his steely resolve, he got full disarmament of Syria, Russian cooperation, international transparency and even Security Council buy-in.
It was Russia that moved from its earlier position of "no consequences for Assad" to "Okay, we'll do whatever you want, just don't bomb our boy!" John Kerry, President Obama and his team achieved complete victory, because they got everything they wanted and more.
So I guess Putin did outsmart Obama. By completely surrendering to all of President Obama's demands. Let's all hope Congressional Republicans begin 'outsmarting' the president like this right away!
In certain parts of the world wide web - whether it be the "liberal"or any of the conservative outlets - the narrative is that Russian president Vladimir Putin "outsmarted" President Obama by coming up with a peaceful solution to Syria's use of chemical weapons. Russia seemingly jumped on John Kerry's suggestion that the way for Syria to avoid US military strikes would be to completely and immediately submit its chemical weapon stash to international inspection and destruction. Russia immediately suggested that idea to Syria, and Syria agreed in the blink of an eye. And thus began the media narrative of Vladimir Putin as savior of all things peaceful.President Obama of course revealed last week that he spoke with Putin about something exactly like this during the G-20, and I blogged a Haaretz report last Sunday - before the rest of the media got a clue andJohn Kerry's "off-hand" (ha, ha, ha) remarks the following morning - that Russia and Syria were poised to make this move thanks to President Obama's threat of American missiles hanging over their heads.Today, the State Department released the full agreement between the United States and Russia for a full disarmament of Syria as Secretary Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov held a joint press conference. This agreement does things beyond the wildest imaginations of a military campaign that would merely be able to degrade Assad's capabilities but not dismantle them completely. Secretary Kerry outlined the proposal in his remarks.
Pictures of smiling babies crowd a bulletin board in a doctor's office in Midtown Manhattan, in a collage familiar to anyone who has given birth. But the women coming in to have babies of their own cannot see them. They have been moved to a private part of the office, replaced in the corridors with abstract art.
“I've had patients ask me, ‘Where's your baby board?' ” said Dr. Mark V. Sauer, the director of the office, which is affiliated with Columbia University Medical Center. “We just tell them the truth, which is that we no longer post them because of concerns over privacy.”
For generations, obstetricians and midwives across America have proudly posted photographs of the babies they have delivered on their office walls. But this pre-digital form of social media is gradually going the way of cigars in the waiting room, because of the federal patient privacy law known as Hipaa.
Under the law, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, baby photos are a type of protected health information, no less than a medical chart, birth date or Social Security number, according to the Department of Health and Human Services. Even if a parent sends in the photo, it is considered private unless the parent also sends written authorization for its posting, which almost no one does.
When Diana Taurasi nailed a layup on Phoenix Mercury's game against Los Angeles Sparks on June 18, the game was stopped as the crowd at the Staples Center, including LA Laker's star Kobe Bryant, gave her a standing ovation. History was made as the 35-year-old WNBA star is now the league's top scorer at 7,494 career points in 377 games, breaking Tina Thompson's mark of 7,488 points in 496 games.
More than piling up points and the “big numbers,” though, Taurasi believes being the best teammate comes first. Diana knows that one person doing her own thing does not win basketball, but rather, it's a collaborative effort between her and her teammates.
“Personalities are just as important as talent on teams,” Taurasi said. “There have been teams I've played on that, frankly, weren't good talent wise. But everyone was on the same page trying to get the same things done, and you can live with that.”
“Then there have been teams with different agendas, which ripped the fabric of just wanting to win. And then you're too busy fixing yourself and your team, instead of working on beating other teams. That's when things become very difficult.”
The six-foot guard is an elite-level scorer, as regarded by ESPN; she can pull up jumpers, hit turnaround shots from the baseline, and get shots inside when they're open. Additionally, her three-point shooting is something she would be remembered for even after she retires. Taurasi now has 933 three-point shots fired in her career, which includes the four three-pointers she performed on Sunday's game.
null
Among Taurasi's achievements is winning three NCAA titles at UConn, three WNBA titles with Phoenix, and four Olympic gold medals, where she led the U.S. Women's national basketball team in 2004, 2008, 2012, and 2016 to victory.
Thompson was all praises for the new WNBA top scorer saying that it was her absolute pleasure to pass the torch to Taurasi.
“Diana is one of the best players to ever play the game and definitely one of my favorites. She has done amazing things and I am so grateful that I've been able to share many of those with her.”
During Sunday game's halftime, Bryant talked with ESPN about Taurasi's scoring record and her nickname. He relays how she had come up to him during a tournament and said, “I'm the White Mamba.”
Bryant, of course, known as the Black Mamba, could only respond, “Yes, you are—you've got every bit the temperament.”
The Lakers superstar expressed his admiration for Taurasi's work ethic, saying that she's extremely consistent and works extremely hard. He also shared how happy he was to have witnessed Diana's historical moment with his two daughters in tow, especially since it was Father's Day.
[Image byChristian Petersen/Getty Images]
Meanwhile, the Cavaliers' LeBron James was all praises for the WNBA star. Taking to Twitter, LeBron passed on his congratulations to Diana saying that she set the standard not only for women's basketball as many girls look up to her, but basketball in general. LeBron expressed his respect at Taurasi's level of professionalism and dedication on the court.
null
Taurasi recently signed an extension through 2020 as she shows no sign of slowing down. She has just recently tied the knot with her partner and former teammate Penny Taylor, a retired three-time WNBA champion and current director of player personnel for Mercury. Phoenix Mercury's next game is on June 23 at 10 p.m. ET against Seattle Storm.
[Featured Image by Harry How/Getty Images]
Mobile operators in Europe may be planning to block online ads soon. A report from the Financial Times claims one unnamed European carrier has installed blocking software on its network and plans to activate it by the end of the year. The blocking technology, developed by Israeli startup Shine, allows mobile networks to filter out ads provided by Google and others to reduce bandwidth usage on their networks.
“Tens of millions of mobile subscribers around the world will be opting in to ad blocking by the end of the year,” claims Roi Carthy, chief marketing officer of Shine, in an interview with the Financial Times. Carthy also revealed to Business Insider recently that a major carrier with tens of millions of customers will make an ad blocking announcement within the next couple of months. Shine has previously claimed at least one US carrier is involved in using its technology to block ads, but Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile didn't respond to The Wall Street Journal's requests for comment back in October.
Whether or not carriers in Europe or the US are actively blocking ads, or plan to, isn't clear. “An executive at a European carrier confirmed that it and several of its peers are planning to start blocking adverts this year,” reports the Financial Times, but the carrier isn't named. Shine itself is backed by investors like Horizons Ventures, which is owned by Li Ka-shing, the chairman of Hutchinson Whampoa. The 3 network that operates across Europe is owned by Hutchinson Whampoa.
European carriers may want to pressure Google
While carriers have many reasons for wanting to block ads, bandwidth savings and pressuring Google and other internet firms could be chief among them. The unnamed European carrier in the Financial Times article is reportedly planning to target Google and block its ads to force the company into giving up some of its revenue. Mobile ads are a lucrative business, and US telecommunications giant Verizon Wireless announced its plans to acquire AOL for $4.4 billion this week for its content sites and mobile ad technology.
If carriers do decided to block ads, it will likely result in questions around net neutrality. Carriers in Europe and the US must treat data on their networks equally, and automatically filtering ads could violate those laws. Carriers could bypass this by creating a paid-for ad blocking service, or even by asking customers to opt in to any ad blocking, but that might not avoid scrutiny from regulators or pressure from the advertising industry.
Internet Access and the Primary
x YouTube Video
Alternatively view this as a looping animation (too big to upload here, source)
It is a mounting problem for Hillary Clinton that people who do their research will encounter a lot to like about Bernie Sanders. They find out facts. Facts like she didn't even read the full intelligence report before voting to give Bush the authority to start a war of aggression. Sanders did.
If you don't support Bernie Sanders and you can bring yourself to watch these videos, you might not end up believing in Bernie Sanders, but you sure as hell will end up knowing he believes in you.
Bold Leadership
x YouTube Video
Fighting for Workers
x YouTube Video
Fighting for Women's Rights
x YouTube Video
Fighting for Equality
x YouTube Video
Fighting Coprorate Greed
x YouTube Video
His Principle Excites
x YouTube Video
His Passion Inspires
x YouTube Video
The only Candidate candid about Campaign Finance
x YouTube Video
Not an anti-Hillary video (just in case you expected it to be)
They're going to smear him big time. They'll say the first Jewish man to win a primary is bad for Israel. They'll say a guy who predicted the problems with banks, and fought the deregulation that created it, they'll say he doesn't know what he's talking about.
Fortunately we live in an age where people have access to the Internet. When folks do their research… well… they tend to #FeelTheBern.
I believe the choice to be one between a transformative vision and an incrementalist approach. Maybe you have good health insurance. Maybe you have a good job and a good home. Maybe you live in a safe neighbourhood with good drinking water. Maybe you are happy with things as they are, and are not concerned that the 1% have their political influence and believe in your heart that Hillary is untainted by it.
Amid a disastrous economic situation, the banks we bailed out — because they were too big to fail — are now 30% bigger than before the crash. Amid disastrous free trade and tax policies, where the richest pay a lower tax rate than the workers whose productivity they profit from, corporations create record profits whilst paying starvation wages — at home and abroad — and hide wealth in tax havens. Amid a difficult economic climate, the top 1% benefit almost exclusively from any economic growth whilst the vast majority are left to get by on wages that barely keep up with inflation.
Meanwhile 47 million people live in poverty. 10s of millions without health insurance. 10s of millions more too afraid of the cost of healthcare to visit a doctor. Millions (including those with health insurance) have gone bankrupt and died due to healthcare costs or lack of access to basic preventative healthcare (their voices are not heard anymore, they will never vote). Millions getting a substandard education, severely limiting their potential. Millions enduring crumbling infrastructure. 10s of millions incarcerated for minor offenses (many of whom won't be allowed to vote), or targeted by a mismanaged police state (those they kill don't get to vote). Millions who opposed the Iraq war and its heartbreaking (and also expensive) consequences (those killed in it will never vote).
It's all those people struggling to keep their head above water that Bernie Sanders fights for, those are the ones he inspires.
If you made it this far and are voting Hillary, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for considering Bernie Sanders. I hope you will fight for him like you would for Hillary, should he win the nomination. He will fight for you.
Thank you for reading.
Despite Elon Musk's continued warnings, evil machines won't take over the world, two experts said this week.
Artificial intelligence (AI) could be destined to turn against humanity, Musk has argued. The tech exec, who in addition to running high-profile companies such as Tesla and SpaceX, is a co-founder of OpenAI, a non-profit AI research company “discovering and enacting the path to safe artificial general intelligence.”
However, other executives in Silicon Valley have taken issue with Musk's comments, including the leader of Google's artificial intelligence efforts.
ELON MUSK THINKS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE COULD CAUSE WORLD WAR 3
“I'm definitely not worried about the AI apocalypse,” said Google's John Giannandrea, when speaking at TechCrunch Disrupt SF. “I just object to the hype and soundbites that some people are making,” he added.
Some publications, including TechCrunch and Bloomberg, believed he was referring to Elon Musk – though he didn't mention Musk by name. Giannandrea's comments echo other tech executives like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, who also disagrees with Musk.
When reached for this story by Fox News, Musk's OpenAI had no comment.
Musk has been direct about the topic previously. In August, he tweeted, “If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea.”
Earlier this month, Musk again sounded the alarm, saying that war “may be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is the most probable path to victory.”
Chorus grows
Others have also come out against Musk's comments, including several in academia.
In a Wired article entitled, “Elon Musk is wrong. The AI singularity won't kill us all,” Toby Walsh, a professor of artificial intelligence at the University of New South Wales, wrote: “It seems you can't open a newspaper without Elon Musk predicting that artificial intelligence (AI) needs regulating – before it starts World War III.”
Walsh disagrees with the so-called "technological singularity…a tipping point, when machine intelligence snowballs away…[and they] use their superior intelligence to take over the planet.”
ELON MUSK SAYS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IS HUMANITY'S BIGGEST RISK
“AlphaGo isn't going to wake up tomorrow and decide humans are useless at Go…And it is certainly not going to wake up and decide to take over the planet. It's not in its code,” he wrote.
AlphaGo is an AI computer program that plays the board game Go and was developed by Google's DeepMind. In 2016, AlphaGo beat Lee Sodol, a Go world champion.
Risks still exist
However, Walsh is worried about so-called stupid AI. “We do have to worry, as Musk has recently warned in an open letter to the UN, about lethal autonomous weapons,” he told Fox News in an email. “Even with stupid AI, these will be weapons of mass destruction that will fall into the hands of terrorists and be a terrible, terrifying and unnecessary escalation to how we fight war.”
And despite Giannandrea's comments, Google isn't completely pushing back against the danger of AI. “We're doing research early on to understand and address potential risks in case they become issues later, precisely because we think AI has such positive potential overall. We want to ensure it's useful and helpful for everyone,” a Google spokesperson told Fox News in an email.
OpenAI cautions on its website that when human-level AI comes within reach, "it'll be important to have a leading research institution which can prioritize a good outcome for all over its own self-interest."
Men in Black 4 will feature a prominent Woman In Black
Speaking with the BBC's Newsbeat (via /Film), Men in Black producer Laurie MacDonald revealed that the upcoming revival of the series will feature “a prominent woman in black in the fourth [film].”
The pair preciously indicated that franchise star Will Smith would be sitting out this this time, but MacDonald's producing partner and husband Walter Parkes went on to say “Never count Will out.”
Parkes clarified that plans for the fourth film were still in early days, saying:
“We sort of looked at the first three in retrospect as a bit of a trilogy. We tried to tell a story about those two characters and that relationship, It sounds silly because it's a fun, science fiction comedy but when you work on these things you sort of try to find some thematic basis underneath it. Now we are looking at a reinvention, but it's a wonderful world to get back into.”
It remains to be seen if plans are still being made by Sony Pictures for the previously-reported franchise mash up of 21 Jump Street and the Men in Black franchise for a sci-fi comedy mocking “cinematic universes,” but given the busy schedule of filmmakers Phil Lord and Chris Miller, the project could have been neuralyzed.
Starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith, the first Men in Black was released in 1997 and went on to gross over $589 million worldwide. A follow-up was released in 2002, bringing in over $440 million worldwide, with a third debuting in theaters in 2012 and raking in over $620 million. Smith and Jones appeared in all three films, which were in turn all directed by Barry Sonnenfeld. The film series was originally based on the comics by Lowell Cunningham.
So I just recived my gift.. And I honestly don't know what to say.
This is probably the best thing i've ever recived from anyone. I can't remember anything this special, because there's so much effort and thought given to this gift. It makes me feel really bad for what I gave to my match..
It's hard to describe what I got so i'll describe it with pictures. I hope that those who sent this can contact me, I want to thank you in person for this wonderfull gift.
I described my interests as a very IT and gaming focused guy, however I mentioned that i'm I want to visit America. My match picked that up and sent me something no one else could've given me!
Once again, thank you!
Israel has threatened to annex the Palestinian properties on which it has built settlement blocs after the UN Security Council approved a resolution denouncing the structures as illegal.
“We should announce the immediate annexation of the settlement blocs… We should renew construction throughout the land,” Gilad Erdan, the Israeli minister for public security, from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's hardline Likud Party said on Saturday.
Israel was created in 1948 after wholesale wars on Arab states. The warfare was followed by the establishment of the so-called Green Line, which marked its forcefully-seized contours.
However, in 1967, it staged further military attacks beyond the line, seizing the Palestinian territories now known as the West Bank and East Jerusalem al-Quds. Since then, it has been dotting the lands with more than 120 settlements despite the international outcry against the unlawful activities.
Resolution 2334, which was passed on Friday, declared the settlements to be void of any “legal validity” and said their existence amounted to “a flagrant violation under international law and a major obstacle to…a just, lasting and comprehensive peace.”
Palestinian factions in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip have collectively welcomed a United Nations Security Council resolution, with Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki describing the vote as a “victory for the Palestinian people.”
Prior to the vote, Tel Aviv had launched into a frenetic but unsuccessful lobbying to block the vote and prompt a veto by its strongest ally, the United States, who surprisingly abstained.
The regime was swift to lash out at the measure, block funding to some UN projects, and threaten to revise ties with the world body.
“There's so much darkness and so much hypocrisy in the UN's vote on Israel,” Erdan further said. “It's hypocrisy and shamelessness.”
In this image released by the UN, Riyad Mansour (C), permanent observer of the State of Palestine to the UN, greets Roman Oyarzun Marchesi, permanent representative of Spain and president of the Security Council, ahead of the December 23, 2016, vote on Israeli settlements. (Via AFP)
Before the vote, US President-elect Donald Trump had called on Egypt, which had drafted the resolution, to decide against tabling the proposal.
Egypt toed the line, but the draft was put to vote by Senegal, New Zealand, Malaysia, and Venezuela, who had said they would resort their right to do so if Cairo would back down.
After the vote, Netanyahu said the regime would reassess ties with the world body. “The decision that was taken was biased and shameful, but we will withstand it,” he added.
Also as a means of getting back at the UN, the Israeli regime has put back on track proposed legislation to award legal status to some 4,000 settler units built on private Palestinian property in the West Bank.
The bill had been advancing through Knesset (the Israeli Parliament), but was put on hold until Trump would enter the White House on January 20.
Israel's Channel 2 has also reported that Netanyahu could announce new construction beyond the Green Line, when he convenes his cabinet for its weekly meeting on Sunday morning.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia denounced a new U.S. military strategy that accuses Moscow of failing to respect its neighbors' sovereignty as “confrontational” on Thursday, saying it would set back efforts to improve relations.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov arrives for the opening of the Army-2015 International Military-Technical Forum in Kubinka, outside Moscow, Russia, June 16, 2015. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
The Pentagon has updated the U.S. National Military Strategy to take into account changes in the global security situation, which include a standoff with Russia over Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis.
It said in the document, published on Wednesday, that Russia had contributed to global security in areas such as fighting the narcotics trade and terrorism but had “repeatedly demonstrated that it does not respect the sovereignty of its neighbors and it is willing to use force to achieve its goals”.
“Russia's military actions are undermining regional security directly and through proxy forces,” it added, naming Russia among “revisionist-minded” states.
Asked about the new strategy during a conference call with reporters, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov expressed regret.
“The use of such language in this document points, shall we say, to what is probably a confrontational attitude devoid of any objectivity towards our country,” he said.
“Of course this will hardly contribute to attempts to steer bilateral relations in the direction of normalization,” he added, calling for more cooperation between Russia and the United States on global matters.
Relations between Moscow and the West are at their lowest point since the end of the Cold War, mainly because of the pro-Russian rebellion in eastern Ukraine.
Asked what would be said about the United States when Russia draws up it own new security strategy, Peskov said: “Of course, all threats to Russia's national security are taken into account and counter-measures are worked out and adopted.”
RUSSIAN “AGGRESSION” ON NATO PERIPHERY
The United States and the European Union imposed sanctions on Russia after it seized the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine last year and have accused it of providing pro-Russian separatists in east Ukraine with weapons and soldiers.
Moscow denies doing this, and accuses the West of plotting a coup to topple a Ukrainian president backed by Moscow in February 2014.
The new U.S. national military strategy warned of “hybrid” conflicts in which military forces assume a non-state identity, saying Russia had done this when armed groups without insignia took control of Crimea.
It said the United States was steadfast in its commitment to its NATO allies and that the defense alliance was “strategically important for deterring conflict, particularly in light of recent Russian aggression on its periphery”.
Despite the tension over Ukraine, the military strategy said Washington still wanted to engage Russia in areas of common interest, while urging it and China to “settle their disputes peacefully and in accordance with international law”.
Hyundai's other concept car unveiled at the Seoul Motor Show alongside the Enduro crossover is the RM15, a mid-engined, lightweight race car.
Based on last year's Veloster RM Concept, the RM15 (which stands for Racing Midship 2015) features advanced vehicle technologies and materials.
The Hyundai RM15 study has an aluminum core structure with carbon-fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP) body panels in order to reduce vehicle weight. The weight saving is significant compared to a conventional all-steel vehicle – 195 kg (430 lbs), with the RM15 tipping the scales at 1,260 kg (2,778 lbs).
Compared to the Veloster RM, the new RM15 also has a more evenly balanced weight distribution (43 percent front, 57 percent rear), with the center of gravity sitting just 491mm (19.3in) from the ground.
The study features a series of modifications that boost performance, handling and efficiency. For example, aerodynamic downforce is 24 kg (52.9lbs) at 200 km/h (124 mph), helped by a competitive lift-coefficient.
But the RM15's highlight is the Theta 2.0-liter T-GDI turbocharged petrol engine mounted transversely behind the two-seater cabin and ahead of the rear axle. The four-cylinder unit produces 300PS (296hp) at 6,000 rpm and drives the rear wheels through a six-speed manual transmission. The engine also produces 383Nm (282lb-ft) of torque at 2,000, allowing the RM15 to sprint from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in just 4.7 seconds.
The Hyundai RM15 study features an integrated sub-frame (front and rear), as well as a WRC-inspired roll-cage which add extra stiffness to the structure. The car rides on 19-inch mono block forged alloy wheels shod with 235/35 R19 tires (front) and 265/35 R19 tires (rear). The body panels sport the signature colors of the company's “N” motorsport division, which are also featured on the Hyundai WRC i20 rally car.
PHOTOS
VIDEO
Capon and Rao's Join Amazin' Citi Field Cuisine Lineup
By Will Carafello
ESPN Sports Business Reporter, Darren Rovell was right when he tweeted, “Mets will continue to have the best food in MLB. Adding Rao's & Chef Josh Capon.” Rao's and Capon will join a stellar lineup of baseballcuisine at Citi Field including Blue Smoke, Pat LaFreieda, Mama's of Corona, Shake Shack, and more.
Pressed by Chef Josh Capon brings gourmet grilledcheese sandwiches to Citi Field. Capon is an executive chef and partner forrenowned New York City restaurants, Lure Fishbar, B&B Winepub, and El ToroBlanco. You might also recognize him from his frequent TV appearances.
Pressed will feature a slow braised black Angus shortrib grilled cheese which will have taleggio cheese, fresh arugula, onion jamserved on a challah brioche.
If you are looking for a veggie option, enjoy the marinated spring vegetable grilled cheese which is topped with fresh mozzarella, grilled zucchini, roasted tomato, and aged balsamic on an artisan baguette.
“I am really excited to bring some more dining options to Citi Field which is already known as one of the best ballparks in the country for its culinary fare.” said Capon, a life-long Mets fan.
Pressed will also feature a Muffuletta. Capon shared the inspiration for his Muffuletta, which he says “is similar to an Italian Hero with a little New Orleans flare.” He says it was inspired by a sandwich his family used to bring to Shea Stadium; a Capon family tradition he is happy to share with all Mets fans.
Pressed by Chef Josh Capon is located behind Section 125 on the Main Concourse, along the third base side.
Rao's Specialty Foods brings years of authentic Southern Italian cooking and ingredients to Citi Field. The aroma and taste will ignite your taste buds.
Rao's will be featured in the Caesar's Club and has an All-Star lineup of:
Chicken Cacciatore Hero
Southern Italian Sausage & Pepper Hero
Rao's Pasta Bar
Rao's Signature Lemon Chicken
Rao's will make you feel like you're a part of the family.
CNN, The NYT and now the Associated Press are reeling in scandal after getting caught creating ‘fake news' and now we know that one big source has been Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts!
Sen. Warren became famous after she was caught using her ‘Indian Heritage' to get her college and political perks…only to find out she has no ‘Indian Heritage'.
She is a great BIG liar!
Not only is she a BIG fat liar, she knows she has been lying!
The most recent scandal involves a story the Associated Press invented about an imaginary meeting between EPA administrator Scott Pruitt and Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris, and then alleged that some kind of impropriety happened as a result.
The AP had to retract the story. Wonder where the story originated?
Amazing that this is nearly the exact mistake that cost three editorial staffers at CNN their jobs in a scandal that first exploded a week ago today.
It came from Elizabeth Warren who already knew it was a lie. She had already asked the Senate Intelligence Committee to look into it and she already knew it was false!
A Breitbart News investigation uncovered that no such “meetings” took place, the Senate Intelligence Committee was not investigating the matter, and the Treasury Department HAD ALREADY—at the urging of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) to now Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin before Trump's inauguration—looked into it and determined the matter to be entirely “without merit.”
The CNN story said the Treasury Department was investigating the meeting at the behest of Elizabeth Warren who wanted to know whether it had involved a discussion of the economic sanctions the Obama administration had imposed on Russia. She already knew and did not care that she was trying to stir up a lie!
Hey @SenWarren. You know it was one of your staffers that peddled fake news to @CNN, correct? What did you know & when did you know it? https://t.co/xF8FYMi6se — Arthur Schwartz (@ArthurSchwartz) June 25, 2017
Breitbart News's investigation into CNN's very fake news piece forced the network to retract it. That has led to the resignation of three top officials from inside CNN. Now that the Associated Press has made literally the exact same mistake with different actors and players. It alleged a meeting took place that never occurred. That it supposedly led to something untoward that also didn't happen. The newswire service is not stepping up and holding its staff to the same level of accountability. The only difference between the CNN scandal and this AP scandal is that the AP did not also inaccurately allege the existence of non-existent Senate and Treasury investigations.
You can count yourself how many of the 7 she is guilty of:
Proverbs 6:16-19 – 16 These six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him:
17 A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,
18 An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief,
19 A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren.
Breitbart reports that Warren's office has not responded to requests for comment on this matter. CNN's Kuhn has not denied that Warren was involved in the publication of the hit piece the network has retracted.
Of course, then there is the big NYT scandal:
The New York Times was recently forced to also issue a correction on an article. It incorrectly claimed all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies agreed that “Russia orchestrated the attacks, and did it to help get [Trump] elected.” The lie was caught during the Comey testimony. Elizabeth Warren was an early caller for the Comey investigation. #JustSayin
Elizabeth Warren was one of the first Democrats to call for impeachment because of the supposed Trump/Russia collusion scandal.
Warren declared that allegations of collusion between President Trump's inner circle and the Russian government were potentially worse than the Watergate scandal. She repeated that every ‘pressure' available should be used to take him to the mat.
On a side note, there is also the time:
The Time Elizabeth Warren Lied to Avoid Disclosing $1.3M Line of Credit by failing to include a $1.3 million line of credit against her Cambridge, Massachusetts, home on financial disclosure forms.
What Meerkat Murder Tells Us About Human Violence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frank Bienewald/LightRocket via Getty Images Frank Bienewald/LightRocket via Getty Images
A new study of violent behavior in more than 1,000 mammal species found the meerkat is the mammal most likely to be murdered by one of its own kind.
The study, led by José María Gómez of the University of Granada in Spain and published Wednesday in the journal Nature, analyzed more than 4 million deaths among 1,024 mammal species and compared them with findings in 600 studies of violence among humans from ancient times until today.
The findings tell us two things:
Some amount of violence between humans is attributable to our place on the evolutionary tree. Meerkats are surprisingly murderous.
To be clear, the study's authors did not set out to prove (or disprove) a theory of meerkat violence; they were investigating what mammalian data might tell us about humans. But Ed Yong at The Atlantic organized the study's exhaustive list of mammals to make this helpful chart ranking animals by their murderousness.
Here are the 30 mammal species most likely to kill their own kind. #1 might surprise you. https://t.co/qdprrwBjvl pic.twitter.com/vB0e6NjdbZ — Ed Yong (@edyong209) September 28, 2016
Some of the animals with reputations for docility are actually more dangerous to each other than creatures known for their aggression. Chinchillas kill each other more often than brown bears turn on their own kind. New Zealand sea lions are more murderous than actual lions.
And, as you can see, about 20 percent of meerkat deaths are murders. Their violence has been documented; a 2006 study described in National Geographic documented meerkat mothers killing the offspring of other females to maintain dominance.
In our worst times, humans display murderous behavior; the newly published study found rates of lethal violence between 15 percent and 30 percent for human populations living between 500 and 3,000 years ago.
Today, the rate of lethal violence is much lower. As a companion article published Wednesday in Nature by evolutionary biologist Mark Pagel notes:
"Rates of homicide in modern societies that have police forces, legal systems, prisons and strong cultural attitudes that reject violence are, at less than 1 in 10,000 deaths (or 0.01%), about 200 times lower than the authors' predictions for our state of nature."
So, we are not, as a rule, as lethally violent toward our fellow man as meerkats are toward each other. But the study argues that over all of human history, humans are still more lethally violent than the average mammal.
The authors used the fact that closely related species usually show similar rates of interpersonal violence to predict a 2 percent rate of lethal violence among humans. That means that 2 out of every 100 human deaths would be a murder taking into account only our place on the evolutionary tree, and nothing about political pressures, technology or social norms.
In comparison, among mammals in general just 0.3 percent of deaths are murders. For the common ancestor of primates, the rate is 2.3 percent.
With 2 percent as a human baseline, we come across as both uncommonly peaceful for primates and uncommonly violent for mammals.
One critique of the human part of the paper, with its enormous data sets from 600 previous studies, is that the definition of murderous behaviors is too broad. The authors include infanticide, execution, cannibalism and battlefield deaths in their analysis.
Polly Wiessner, an anthropologist at the University of Utah, told The Atlantic, "They have created a real soup of figures, throwing in individual conflicts with socially organized aggression, ritualized cannibalism, and more. The sources of data used for prehistoric violence are highly variable in reliability. When taken out of context, they are even more so."
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- Should the Oakland Raiders re-sign free-agent-to-be Latavius Murray?
Despite a somewhat uneven 2016 season, the running back has an important supporter within the walls of 1220 Harbor Bay Parkway.
"We all know that we want him back; we love him," Raiders quarterback Derek Carr said. "He's one of my best friends in this whole world. Not just because he can run the ball, but because he can pick up blitzes."
Carr laughed.
"That goes unseen and unheard sometimes," Carr added. "I want him back. I know everyone here wants him back, so hopefully we can do that."
Murray, who was coming off a 1,066-yard rushing season in 2015 that included a Pro Bowl appearance, doubled his touchdown carries, from six to 12, and had the same 4.0 yards per carry average.
But his total went down to 788 yards rushing. That could be attributed to him missing two games, in Weeks 5 and 6, with turf toe.
Though disgruntled fans might point to the emergence of Mighty Mite running backs Jalen Richard (491 rushing yards, 5.9 yards per carry) and DeAndre Washington (467 yards, 5.4 yards per carry) as potential replacements for Murray, the 5-foot-8 rookies were much better as change-of-pace backs to the 6-3, 225-pound Murray.
Consider: In the two games Murray was out, Richard and Washington combined to average just 3.6 yards per carry.
Murray said he wants to return in the Raiders locker room on Sunday, and contract-extension talks between his camp and Oakland had taken place, with no resolution.
"I don't think I ever want to be a guy that bounces around or anything like that," said Murray, a sixth-round pick of the Raiders out of Central Florida in 2013.
"I would love to finish my career here. I think it says a lot for any player who stays in one place. I would love to finish what I started, but I know how things could go."
With the Raiders expected to sign Carr and, possibly All-Pro edge rusher Khalil Mack, to long-term, big-money extensions this offseason, there will only be so many dollars to go around, right?
Plus, Oakland is to have 13 unrestricted free agents this offseason -- defensive back DJ Hayden, offensive lineman Menelik Watson, tight end Mychal Rivera, receiver Andre Holmes, quarterback Matt McGloin, defensive tackle Stacy McGee, linebackers Malcolm Smith, Perry Riley Jr. and Daren Bates, safeties Nate Allen and Brynden Trawick, former Pro Bowl long snapper Jon Condo and, yes, Murray.
Murray made a base salary of $675,000 this past season, when he had more than 100 yards rushing just twice, and fewer than 50 eight times. That includes Saturday's season-ending playoff loss in Houston, where Murray rushed for 39 yards on 12 carries with a two-yard touchdown.
Still, Murray was a core piece of the first Raiders team to make it to the playoffs since 2002, and the team's future is considered bright under coach Jack Del Rio, who turned the Raiders from 3-13 before he arrived to 7-9 in 2015 to 12-4 and a wild-card entrant this past season.
"Really bright," said Murray, who sat out the 2013 season with a foot injury. "This year we were able to do some good things. We made it to the postseason and obviously when you do that, you give yourselves a chance to play for a championship. We were one of 12 teams to be able to do that.
"We just need to continue to do the things that we did since Jack has been here. He's done a great job and everyone has just been buying in. I think just continue to trust and embrace the process that he has. That will be just fine."
But will Murray be part of that process going forward?
Designed and crafted in collaboration with renowned artisan of custom straight razors, Max Sprecher. We have created this masterpiece straight razor to be a special heirloom for your consideration.
This signature razor features a full-sized 8/8" 1/4 hollow ground blade intended to last several lifetimes. The blade is forged from 01 carbon steel which has a Rockwell hardness of 63. This gives the blade a hardness that is favorable for honing a sharp and long-lasting cutting edge.
The scales (handle) of the razor are constructed of ultra high density carbon fiber uni plate. They will never rot or warp over time. Uni plate is an uncommon form of carbon fiber and has a lustrous appearance reminiscent of wood grain. To compliment this design, the wedge of the razor is made out of a banded faux Ivory recon stone.
The razor has a mass of 75 grams and the density of the carbon fiber scales provides a suitable counter-balance to the full-sized blade. While quite hefty, the razor is well balanced and comfortable to hold in various shaving grips.
Included with the razor is a sleeve made with Horween® Chromexcel® leather. The sleeve is made in our Jet Top Stitch style to compliment the contrasting solid brass pins on the razor.
Precision machined and Handcrafted in the USA
Right before Solange Knowles deleted her Twitter account on Tuesday night, she asked her followers how she could help her "new hero" Takiyah Thompson. Thompson is a 22-year-old student at North Carolina Central University, and was arrested yesterday (August 15) for participating in the destruction of a confederate statue in Durham, in solidarity with Charlottesville.
ADVERTISEMENT
She has been charged with two felonies (participation in a riot with property damage in excess of $1,500 and inciting others to riot where property damage exceeds $1,500) and two misdemeanors (damage to real property and disorderly conduct by injury to a statue). The felonies carry potential prison sentences of 25 months and 41 months respectively.
Thompson was released from jail late last night, August 15, but is expected to appear in court in Durham this morning. To contribute towards her legal fees and the bail funds of other local activists, you can donate to the Durham Solidarity Center. To take more direct action, you can call the prosecutor to push for the charges against Thompson to be dropped on this number: 919-808-3010
See the tweet embedded below for further numbers you can call — including the sheriff and county commissioners — to demand that there are no charges pressed against the protestors who tore down the statue in Durham. Find out how to donate to victims of the Charlottesville terror attack here.
University of Leicester celebrates successful operation of Astrosat Space Camera
Press Release From: University of Leicester
Posted: Friday, October 30, 2015
Scientists from the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Leicester are finally able to celebrate after an anxious month since the launch of Astrosat, the first Indian satellite dedicated to astronomical observations.
The door, on the x-ray camera which had been assembled at the University by a team led by Dr Gordon Stewart, was opened on Monday 26 October, allowing the soft x-ray telescope to make its first observation of the sky.
Staff from the department and interested parties from outside the University are meeting on Friday 30 October to mark the occasion. The event takes place at 5pm in the Department of Physics and Astronomy.
The target of the first observations is named PKS2155-304 and is one of an enigmatic class of supermassive black holes accelerating jets of material to speeds near the speed of light which point towards and away from the earth, the BL Lac objects.
Analysis of the data show that the camera (and the telescope) are operating perfectly and the data quality is excellent.
Astrosat, which was launched by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on 28 September, is designed to make studies of the ultra-violet, optical, low and high-energy x-ray emission from celestial objects at the same time and will be a powerful to tool with which to measure the time variability of compact sources such as neutron stars and black holes, including the supermassive black holes at the centre of galaxies.
The satellite's instruments have been built by a consortium of institutes in India (the Tata Institute for Fundamental Research, (TIFR), Mumbai, the Indian Institute for Astronomy, (IIA), Bengaluru and the Indian Universities Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics, (IUCAA), Pune in addition to ISRO), the Canadian Space Agency and the University of Leicester in the UK.
Following a period of calibration and performance verification extending to the end of the year Astrosat will begin its full programme of scientific observations supplying astronomers in Leicester, India and elsewhere with data with which to further develop our understanding of some of the most extreme objects in the Universe.
Dr Stewart said: “ The team are very pleased the camera is operating so well and we look forward to receiving exciting science data in the near future.”
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories.
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Emily Lakdawalla • May 5, 2015
A week's worth of "RC3" images from Dawn at Ceres
Now that Dawn is in its science orbit at Ceres, the mission has been releasing new images every weekday! Here is a week's worth of views of Ceres, all of them taken from the first "rotation characterization" performed from the 13,500-kilometer science orbit. I have sorted them into rotational order so that you can see how features appear to change as they rotate into and out of sunlight. Dawn is looking at Ceres' South Pole here, so Ceres appears to rotate clockwise from one image to the next. None of the famous bright spots is visible in these views, but there is some interesting crater morphology and various linear features scattered among the intercrater plains.
I could wander around and interpret the geology, but I think that would ruin your fun. With these images, released so soon after Dawn acquired them, you're getting the same opportunity the science team has: to see brand-new, better-than-ever views of a previously unexplored world in the solar system. You get a chance to be a Dawn scientist! Look at the images up close. Try to make observations without interpreting what you see -- just look for shapes and patterns. Compare and contrast features. Do all the craters of the same size look the same? Do all the areas outside same-size craters look the same? If not, what differences do you see?
NASA / JPL / UCLA / MPS / DLR / IDA / collage by Emily Lakdawalla Images of Ceres' South Pole from Dawn's first science orbit These 7 images of Ceres were taken from April 24 through 26, 2015, as Dawn examined its South Pole from its first science orbit at an altitude of 13,500 kilometers. The images have been sorted into rotational order (though it may not be chronological order). Two of the images are blurrier than the other five; these were originally released as the green/blue channels of 3D anaglyphs and were probably rotated to align them with the red channels. These 7 images of Ceres were taken from April 24 through 26, 2015, as Dawn examined its South Pole from its first science orbit at an altitude of 13,500 kilometers. The images have been sorted into rotational order (though it may not be chronological order). Two of the images are blurrier than the other five; these were originally released as the green/blue channels of 3D anaglyphs and were probably rotated to align them with the red channels.
It can be a little hard to match craters because of the shifting illumination, so here's a guide.
NASA / JPL / UCLA / MPS / DLR / IDA / Emily Lakdawalla Images of Ceres' South Pole from Dawn's first science orbit (annotated)
The first week's worth of image releases included five distinct views, two of which were released as both ordinary images and 3D red-blue anaglyphs. But to make anaglyphs, you need two images taken from slightly different points of view; so the montage above includes the green channels of the released anaglyphs. Here are links to the original images, listed in their order in the collage above:
PIA19323
PIA19319
PIA19320 (green channel from anaglyph)
PIA19321
PIA19336
PIA19337 (green channel from anaglyph)
PIA19322
Now that you've had a chance to look at these images, I have to share something from unmannedspaceflight.com that made me laugh that I'm now never going to be able to unsee:
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange will appear in a British court on Tuesday in a second attempt to win bail after he was arrested over allegations of sex crimes in Sweden.
The 39-year-old Australian makes his second appearance at court in London since his detention one week ago under an international warrant sent out by Sweden.
His arrest came shortly after his whistle-blowing website started releasing tens of thousands of leaked US diplomatic cables, in a move that has infuriated Washington.
Supporters of Assange and his site are expected to protest outside the City of Westminster Magistrates Court, amid a growing backlash against his arrest.
Swedish authorities want to question Assange over allegations of rape and molestation made against him by two women in relation to incidents during his visit there in August.
Josh Koscheck-Diego Sanchez, B.J. Penn-Nick Diaz, Anderson Silva-Vitor Belfort and heck, Conor McGregor-Diego Brandao. The list of intense Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) staredown encounters is long, extensive and anything but distinguished.
In each of those encounters, however, punches were never thrown. The stages on which they mean-mugged each other didn't crumble. And for heaven's sake, company officials weren't steamrolled, while the general public in attendance -- including women and children -- for a "fan-friendly" event weren't endangered.
That all changed earlier this afternoon when Light Heavyweight champion Jon Jones and his opponent at UFC 178, Daniel Cormier, got into an amazingly insane scuffle ahead of of their title match on Sept. 27, 2014. To watch complete video highlights of pandemonium running wild recklessly inside MGM Grand Garden Arena's LOBBY in Las Vegas, Nevada, earlier today click here.
While UFC officials tried to wrap their heads around the unprecedented incident, including vacationing company president Dana White, who joked that it was a "perfect" public relations disaster (albeit likely promising for ticket sales), there were real questions as to whether or not Jones and Cormier would be punished for their unsanctioned, unprofessional melee.
Several hours later, with the dust seemingly settled, it appears we now have an answer via UFC's Chief Legal Officer, Kirk Hendrick:
"This is certainly not a proud moment for the UFC organization. We expect more from our athletes, especially these two gentlemen, who are very well-trained and highly educated professionals. Their actions were clearly a violation of the UFC's code of conduct. The Nevada State Athletic Commission has requested a video copy of the incident, and the UFC is cooperating fully with them in order to come to a quick resolution when it comes to possible penalties for both fighters.... We are going to reserve our right to penalize both fighters after the commission has made a decision. We expect more from our athletes and we are prepared to levy sanctions to reinforce the appropriate behavior. There are going to be ramifications. Whether you're the champion, or this is your first fight in the UFC, there are going to be ramifications from the UFC for these actions."
Moments after Jones and Cormier nearly incited a riot, the pair appeared on ESPN's "Sportscenter" (watch it here) to continue promoting their match, as well talk about what the hell happened in "Sin City" this morning. Jones was in full damage "con-troll" mode, apologizing, but pretending as if nothing major really went down.
That's clearly not the case, with NSAC looking to get involved in addition to punishment from UFC. Regardless of what happens, let's just all hope it was worth it once fight night rolls around.
It better be fucking great.
Is your SharePoint content secure? More importantly, do you know how to assess your content security?
Given the number of SharePoint environments, it's likely that a lot of people would answer "no."
Metalogix, however, has just released a new tool it claims will help. The new Insider Threat Index (ITI) offers SharePoint managers insight into their content security based on nine metrics.
Before creating the ITI, Metalogix surveyed a large number of enterprises. It found many are at risk of major data breaches.
Steve Marsh, director of product marketing for Metalogix and an expert in SharePoint migration and management technologies, said governance, monitoring, and compliance are still major headaches for many enterprises.
Growing Pains
The ITI is a free download that assesses SharePoint content security. It provides visibility into key vulnerabilities that may open otherwise secure business content to insider threats.
Marsh told us the increasing use of SharePoint as a repository and management platform for content is making this longstanding problem even worse.
"The volume of content is growing. We also have noticed that the nature of the content is more business critical and much more sensitive," he said.
SharePoint deployments are more complex — and so is managing the security around the content in it. There are many potential issues: multiple site administrators, broken inheritances, too many power users. “These are the kind of things that go against best practice and presents the highest risk of your data breaking out, “Marsh adds.
And it's not always obvious risks either. There are inverted risk as well, such as the wrong content in the wrong document library, making sensitive information available to everyone in the organization.
A Look at the Index
The ITI downloads to a user's desktop and analyzes SharePoint 2013 deployments against nine security metrics. It scans SharePoint environments for vulnerabilities created by inadequate access governance, gaps in monitoring content security and misuse of authority due to insufficient separation of duties.
ITI offers IT a better understanding of the gap between workforce productivity, permissions and security across their SharePoint environment. If this version is only for SharePoint 2013, releases to cover other SharePoint editions are on their way:
In general where SharePoint is being used it [SharePoint] has matured as has the way organizations are using it. It's the nature of the content that has become more business critical. This is for 2013 specifically but in the coming weeks we will be releasing products for other kinds of SharePoint as well as for SharePoint Online. And this is a problem that goes across all versions of SharePoint, “ Marsh added.
9 Metrics
So what are the nine metrics?
1. Permissions
How many site users have direct permissions and can access sites? Site owners in many instances assign permissions for sites, a practice that should be avoided when possible.
2.Granular Permissions
Having too many users with limited access means that the access list needs to be managed at a micro level and for each individual that wants site access. As the SharePoint farm grows, this kind of micro-management can lead to breaches as individuals are overlooked.
3.Active Directory
If administrators have no oversight into Active Directory groups, the SharePoint environment has a major blind spot. ITI can assess the percentage of domain groups with direct permissions to sites.
4. Authenticated Users Group
Misuse of permissions for this group can inadvertently give access to content for everyone within your organization. To protect you organization, these accounts should be kept to a minimum.
5. Separation of Duties
Administrator accounts should be used to manage the SharePoint farm, not the content within it. Failure to separate the access is a common cause of data leaks.
6. Proactive Monitoring
Constant auditing is a key part of keeping secure, particularly tracking changes and who made them. Both internal and external compliance requires that this data is kept and monitored for a set period of time.
7. Managed Service Accounts
Allowing Managed Service accounts access to site exposes organizations to insider threats through misuse of account credentials and through that to business data.
8. Broken Inheritance
A SharePoint farm with high number of instances of broken inheritance - where you to set up security once for a site collection and allow everything to inherit those security settings - - often leads to over- looked security settings enabling unauthorized users access restricted content.
9. Audit Monitors
SharePoint allows for a multitude of events to be tracked through auditing. To get a full picture of the security you need to track those events from start to finish.
Marsh adds that while not measuring up to each of these individually is not a disaster, when you have a critical mass of people missing several of these metrics it can create a lot of problems.
The potential damage to businesses as a result of SharePoint vulnerabilities and insider threats is hard to underestimate. After all whistleblower Edward Snowden was a SharePoint administrator.
When we asked about permissions[in the survey], for example, people were very confident to start with and told us they were doing things the way Microsoft say be should be doing it and protecting their content. But when you really dig in and get quite granular about the issues and their confidence seeps away," Marsh added.
It is also true that lot of people don't actually know what content they have in SharePoint or any other system for that matter. This is where the proactive monitoring comes in.
Do you have a lot of stale content lying around that hasn't been accessed in a long time?
Does that content offer access to other content that may be sensitive?
There is no single answer to the problem of keeping your content safe, but a good starting point knows where your enterprise is vulnerable.
The use of Indium–Tin Oxide (ITO) as a transparent conductor in organic photovoltaic (OPV) devices has been shown to present a bottleneck for the technology due to the use of the rare metal Indium and also the energy intensive manufacturing processes required and subsequent high economic cost. This study discusses some of the alternative materials, which are being considered for use as transparent conductors in OPV modules. A life cycle and cost analysis of a number of the most promising ITO-free transparent conductors, namely: high conductivity PEDOT:PSS; a silver grid embedded in PEDOT:PSS; silver nanowires; single walled carbon nanotubes are completed in this study. The results show that there is great potential for reducing both the energy pay-back time and the cost of OPV modules by replacing ITO with an alternative transparent conductor.
Mr. Flynn declined to comment. Ty Cobb, special counsel to Mr. Trump, said, “We've said before we're collaborating with the special counsel on an ongoing basis.”
“It's full cooperation mode as far as we are concerned,” he said.
After Mr. Flynn's dismissal, Mr. Trump tried to get James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, to drop the investigation, Mr. Comey said.
Mr. Mueller is investigating whether Mr. Trump committed obstruction of justice in pressing for an end to the Flynn inquiry. The president fired Mr. Comey on May 9.
Investigators are also examining the flow of money into and out of the Flynn Intel Group — a consulting firm Mr. Flynn founded after being forced out as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency — according to several potential witnesses who have been interviewed by prosecutors and F.B.I. agents.
Taking money from Turkey or any foreign government is not illegal. But failing to register as a foreign agent is a felony, and trying to hide the source of the money by routing it through a private company or some other entity, and then paying kickbacks to the middleman, could lead to numerous criminal charges, including fraud.
Prosecutors have also asked during interviews about Mr. Flynn's speaking engagements for Russian companies, for which he was paid more than $65,000 in 2015, and about his company's clients — including work it may have done with the Japanese government.
They have also asked about the White Canvas Group, a data-mining company that was reportedly paid $200,000 by the Trump campaign for unspecified services. The Flynn Intel Group shared office space with the White Canvas Group, which was founded by a former Special Operations officer who was a friend of Mr. Flynn's.
Mr. Flynn has now had to file three versions of his financial-disclosure forms. His first version did not disclose payments from Russia-linked companies. He added those payments to an amended version of the forms he submitted in March. This week he filed a new version, adding that he briefly had a contract with SCL Group, the parent company of Cambridge Analytica, a data-mining firm that worked with the Trump campaign.
In this July 11, 2017, photo, Natalia Veselnitskaya speaks to journalists in Moscow, Russia. The Russian lawyer at the center of the June 2016 meeting with Donald Trump Jr. is known for her work trying to roll back U.S. sanctions on Russia. But Veselnitskaya was on the radar of American officials long before revelations about the meeting emerged. Government and legal documents show officials have tried to seize her emails and at times denied her entry into the U.S.(AP Photo/Alexander Zemlianichenko)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr. last year had drawn attention from U.S. government officials even before that now-famous encounter for her work fighting U.S. sanctions that had angered the Kremlin.
At one point, officials tried to seize emails from the attorney, Natalia Veselnitskaya, and deny her entry into the U.S., according to government and legal documents.
The scrutiny focused on Veselnitskaya's ties to Prevezon Holdings Ltd. and its owner, who is the son of a former Russian government official and a fierce advocate for rolling back some of the U.S. sanctions.
Her work underscores the blurry lines in Russia between the government and businesses, deepening the questions about her and the June 2016 meeting with Donald Trump Jr. and other Trump associates.
At the time of the meeting in Trump Tower, Veselnitskaya was helping defend Prevezon against charges it had engaged in money laundering from a $230 million Russian tax fraud scheme.
The fraud was exposed by Sergei Magnitsky, a Russian lawyer whose death in jail in 2009 prompted U.S. lawmakers to enact a law named for him that imposed travel and financial sanctions against Russians believed to be involved in his death. The sanctions angered President Vladimir Putin because they targeted not only rank-and-file investigators and judges but eventually affected close allies like Alexander Bastrykin, head of the Russian Investigative Committee.
Veselnitskaya also was working with a group of lobbyists trying to weaken the Magnitsky Act. The $300,000 campaign partly financed by Denis Katsyv, Prevezon's owner and a client of Veselnitskaya's.
Trump Jr. has said Veselnitskaya spent much of their meeting discussing the Magnitsky Act and one of its repercussions — Russia blocking U.S. adoptions — despite the fact the session was billed as an opportunity to discuss potentially incriminating information about Democrat Hillary Clinton. According to emails released by Trump Jr., he was told by an associate that the promised information was part of the Russian government's efforts to help his father win the White House.
Veselnitskaya's work history could become fodder for federal and congressional investigators probing whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia to meddle in the election. Veselnitskaya has denied having ties to the Kremlin, and President Donald Trump has denied any coordination with Moscow.
Rinat Akhmetshin, a Russian-American lobbyist and former Soviet military official, described Veselnitskaya to The Associated Press as a “very emotional person and a great patriot of Russia.” He said he saw no evidence of any direct ties between her and the Russian government.
“She's a hard-working person, very loyal to her clients,” said Akhmetshin, who confirmed to AP on Friday that he also attended the Trump Tower meeting.
Despite Russian denials about her working for the government, Veselnitskaya's efforts against the Magnitsky Act would have been beneficial to the Kremlin, given how the law affected its judges, investigators and associates of Putin.
Akhmetshin said Veselnitskaya coordinated frequently with him and others last year in lobbying against the sanctions law. U.S. proponents of the law said the lobbying campaign was also directed at weakening or defeating a proposed expansion of the original measure that authorized the president to sanction individuals, companies or governments complicit in human rights violations and corruption.
That bill passed in December and was signed by President Barack Obama.
As Veselnitskaya was both defending Prevezon and working for its owner's anti-sanctions campaign, U.S. officials began scrutinizing her actions and communications.
Preet Bharara, then the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, questioned Veselnitskaya for billing the government $2,000 for a two-day stay at New York's lavish Plaza Hotel during depositions of several Prevezon defendants, including Katsyv.
“Ms. Veselnitskaya appears to have stayed at a less expensive hotel during the depositions, but moved to the Plaza after the depositions concluded, and only after the Court orally stated that the government would be responsible for reimbursing defendants' expenses,” Bharara said in a letter to the trial judge. Bharara was ousted by the new administration in March.
Prosecutors also tried to use a grand jury subpoena to learn more about Veselnitskaya's communications with another Russian lawyer for Prevezon. Prosecutors said that lawyer, Andrey Pavlov, filed sham lawsuits against investors in Russian companies and associates with members of a Russian organized crime group described as “a shadowy criminal syndicate — identified only as ‘the Organization.'”
The documents do not explain why prosecutors sought Veselnitskaya's communications with Pavlov or detail whether any correspondence was turned over to federal authorities. A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, which prosecuted the case, declined comment.
In a declaration she filed in the case in January 2016, Veselnitskaya complained she had “been harassed by the (U.S.) government” despite being given temporary permission to work in New York on the Prevezon case. She said she was detained at London's Heathrow Airport on a return trip from the U.S. and “unjustifiably” subjected to a strip search.
A federal prosecutor explained in a hearing that U.S. immigration officials had repeatedly denied her entry, but did not explain the reasons. The Justice Department finally allowed Veselnitskaya to temporarily perform legal work in the U.S. under “immigration parole,” a special visa requiring approval from the U.S. attorney general.
Trump used that visa clearance to defend his son's meeting with Veselnitskaya, saying then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch had approved her entry to the U.S. Lynch has said she has no knowledge of Veselnitskaya's travel.
Veselnitskaya has cast her work in the U.S. last year as a success. In May, the Justice Department settled its case, with Prevezon paying $6 million in fines but admitting no guilt.
Egypt's largest ISPs shut off their networks Thursday, making it impossible for traffic to get to websites hosted in Egypt or for Egyptians to use e-mail, Twitter or Facebook. The regime of President Hosni Mubarak also ordered the shut down of mobile phone networks, including one run by the U.K.-based Vodafone, all in an attempt to undermine the growing protests over Mubarak's autocratic rule of the country.
While the world has seen net filtering and disruption in places like Burma and Iran following social and political unrests, Egypt's decision to shutter it is different, according to Craig Labovitz, the chief scientist at Arbor Networks, a computer security firm that has nearly unequaled real data on international internet traffic.
"What's different with Egypt is the scale," Labovitz told Wired.com. "By that I mean that Egypt has fairly significant internet infrastructure with a diversity of paths – satellite, microwave and fiber links – a number of large providers and hundreds of smaller providers. It is one of the more significant internet infrastructures in the Middle East and certainly within Africa. Egypt has a very well-developed economy with a significant reliance on the internet, this is very different from Burma."
So how did Egypt shut down the net? Did someone in the government hit a giant stop button?
Not quite.
"I do like the image of a big red switch sitting on a desk somewhere, but Egypt has a significant infrastructure," Labovitz said.
But it's still small enough that just a few phone calls probably sufficed.
"There are a handful of big providers you would need to coordinate with and they are all licensees of the state telecom, so they are all beholden to the Telecommunication Regulatory Authority, so your license is dependent on following the rules," Labovitz said.
That comports with the data published by Renesys, a net monitoring firm, which saw individual ISPs go dark within minutes of one another.
"First impressions: this sequencing looks like people getting phone calls, one at a time, telling them to take themselves off the air, " wrote Renesys's chief scientist James Cowie. "Not an automated system that takes all providers down at once; instead, the incumbent leads and other providers follow meekly one by one until Egypt is silenced."
Still at least one ISP, the Noor Group, remains active, providing connectivity to Egypt's stock exchange and some government ministries, according to Renesys.
The cutoff was quickly criticized by the D.C.-based Center for Democracy and Technology.
"This action is inconsistent with all international human rights norms, and is unprecedented in Internet history," CDT president Leslie Harris said. "Egypt's actions will only fuel unrest and make peaceful resolution of grievances far more difficult."
There's been some confusion in the media about people being able to get around the block using proxies or other anti-snooping tools, according to Labovitz. These won't work when the ISPs have simply shut down.
"No amount of cleverness of tunneling will help you if you don't have a dial-tone," Labovitz said.
See Also:- Internet Down in Egypt, Tens of Thousands Protest In 'Friday of Wrath'
The neuromodulator dopamine has a well established role in reporting appetitive prediction errors that are widely considered in terms of learning. However, across a wide variety of contexts, both phasic and tonic aspects of dopamine are likely to exert more immediate effects that have been less well characterized. Of particular interest is dopamine's influence on economic risk taking and on subjective well-being, a quantity known to be substantially affected by prediction errors resulting from the outcomes of risky choices. By boosting dopamine levels using levodopa (l-DOPA) as human subjects made economic decisions and repeatedly reported their momentary happiness, we show here an effect on both choices and happiness. Boosting dopamine levels increased the number of risky options chosen in trials involving potential gains but not trials involving potential losses. This effect could be better captured as increased Pavlovian approach in an approach-avoidance decision model than as a change in risk preferences within an established prospect theory model. Boosting dopamine also increased happiness resulting from some rewards. Our findings thus identify specific novel influences of dopamine on decision making and emotion that are distinct from its established role in learning.
Copyright © 2015 Rutledge et al.
1. The New England Patriots were almost named the Bay State Patriots.
The Boston Patriots were football nomads in their first decade in the AFL, playing games at Fenway Park, Harvard Stadium, Braves Field and Boston College's Alumni Stadium. But when the team moved to Foxborough in 1971, team owner Billy Sullivan wanted a new name to go with the new location. He eventually came up with the Bay State Patriots, to honor the entire region. The name lasted a month, as the NFL evidently didn't appreciate what the initials of the team's new name would spell. (Think about it.) From then on, it was the New England Patriots.
2. If you signed up for the Green Bay Packers season ticket waiting list today, you'd have to wait almost 1,000 years to get your tickets.
Depending on which numbers you believe, the Packs' list has approximately 86,000 people on it. With under 100 people giving up their tickets per year, the math says it'd take 955 years to make it to the top — just in time to see Brett Favre's next comeback.
3. Wilson, which has been the exclusive maker of NFL footballs since 1941, produces 4,000 balls per day, or one for every Eli Manning interception.
A single cowhide (which come from cows in Kansas, Iowa and Nebraska) makes 10 footballs. And there are 16 lace holes on an NFL football, but just one lace.
4. Richard Nixon once told Roone Arledge that when Frank Gifford was with the New York Giants, he would invite Nixon over to his apartment for postgame cocktail parties.
5. Only one NFL team has ever three-peated (thus disappointing Pat Riley) and never once in the Super Bowl era.
Vince Lombardi's Green Bay Packers of 1966-68 won three NFL championships in a row, but no team has ever pulled off the feat in the Super Bowl era.
6. Despite the misnomer that the NFL can only play Sunday, Monday and Thursday, the league has actually played games on every day of the week.
There was the infamous 2010 snow game on Tuesday night in Philadelphia, the Wednesday night season opener in 2012 that was moved to not interfere with Barack Obama's acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention, all those terrible Thursday games that are the bane of the league's existence (Thanksgiving day excluded, of course) and a number of Friday games moved for weather or to give the league a Christmas day, Christmas Eve or New Year's Eve showcase. .
7. An NBC employee once ran on the field (maybe) to disrupt the 1958 NFC Championship game, but he had a good reason.
There's a legend (which has mostly been verified) that an NBC employee ran onto the field during the famous 1958 NFL Championship game because a TV cable had become unplugged because of the raucous crowd while Johnny Unitas was leading the Colts on what would be the game-winning drive. Stan Rotkiewicz, a statistician, apparently ran onto the field, playing a drunk to disrupt the game and give NBC time to fix the cable. According to his biography, Johnny Unitas didn't buy the story because he thought no one could possibly act that well.
8. The Super Bowl trophy costs $25,000.
How little money is that? That's a little more than Ndamukong Suh is earning per minute this NFL season.
9. O.J. Simpson and Joe Namath were both in the Monday Night Football booth in 1985.
10. The oldest record in the NFL record book is one of the most famous: Ernie Nevers scored 40 points in a 1929 game, getting six touchdowns and four extra points.
11. Gale Sayers was inducted into the Hall of Fame when he was 34, that's four years younger than Peyton Manning is now.
12. Before Michael Jordan, there was another famous Chicago flu game.
On Nov. 20, 1977, the day he broke O.J. Simpson's record for most rushing yards in a single game, Walter Payton was battling the flu.
“I had hot and cold flashes on Wednesday and felt weak,” he said at the time. “I didn`t even think I was going to play. You put your faith in God and he`ll take care of you. I was hoping he would do so today, and he did.” He ran for 275 yards on 40 carries in a game that helped Chicago advance to the playoffs.
13. Joe Gibbs is the only coach in NFL history to average more than one playoff win in 10+ seasons of coaching.
The former Redskins coach had 17 playoff wins in his 16 years, and 17 in his first 12 with the Redskins. John Harbaugh currently has nine playoff wins in seven seasons. Both Bill Walsh and Jimmy Johnson had 10 playoff wins in 10 seasons too.
14. The University of Georgia liked the Green Bay Packers helmet logo so much that coach Vince Dooley borrowed the look for the Bulldogs' helmets.
The UGA legend used a black “G” with a white oval for the original design, which has mostly stayed the same over the years.
15. In the modern NFL draft, there's only been one year in which a quarterback hasn't been selected in the first two rounds.
That came in 1988 when Tom Tupa and Chris Chandler were taken with the 68th and 76th picks, respectively. Tupa only started 13 games at quarterback, then transformed into one of the game's top punters. Chandler later took the Atlanta Falcons to a Super Bowl.
16. Carl Weathers (Apollo Creed) played two seasons with the Oakland Raiders in the early 1970s.
Then he ended his NFL career to become heavyweight champion of the world, beating Rocky Balboa, losing to Rocky Balboa, running on the beach in high socks with Rocky Balboa, helping Rocky Balboa beat Clubber Lang and then, sadly losing his life to Ivan Drago in Las Vegas.
17. Fred Dryer is the only player with two safeties in one game.
Those two safeties, from the man who later became Hunter, were good enough to rank him tied for No. 22 on the all-time list. The record for most career safeties is four, held by three players, including Jared Allen.
18. The total audience for the first televised football game in 1939 was 500, about 112,200,500 less than watched last year's Super Bowl.
(Thanks to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Mental Floss and Michael MacCambridge's America's Game — which is a must-read for any football — for many of these facts.)
By Yashwant Sinha
By the evening of February 10, the day the Delhi election results came, the shouting brigades on TV channels, consisting of the usual so-called experts, had become louder. The print media the next morning carried learned articles on why the BJP lost and why AAP won.
AAP, naturally, was showered with fulsome praise for the manner in which it strategised the elections. The BJP was criticised for doing everything wrong. It was a reverse of what had happened in May 2014 when the BJP had won a resounding victory in the Lok Sabha elections. The BJP could do no wrong then. It can do no right now. Not surprising at all. The old theory of the winner-takes-all is applied on all such occasions.
Any election result is an outcome of myriad factors. Yet, in the Delhi elections, the explanation is simpler than we imagine. As the day progressed and the defeat of the BJP became imminent, a friend called me and said this was our ‘Bhuvaneshwar Mehta' moment.
Let me explain. I had lost to Bhuvaneshwar Mehta in 2004 Lok Sabha elections by a huge margin of 1,05,000 votes. I had won the same election in 1998 against the same person by 1,64,000 votes and the 1999 election by 1,83,000 votes. What had gone wrong in 2004?
Between 1998 and 1999, I had hardly done any developmental work in the constituency, busy as I was with affairs of state in Delhi as Union finance minister. By 2004, I had made up and done an enormous amount of developmental work in my constituency. I also used to visit it regularly. Yet, I could not retain the seat in 2004 and lost it to the CPI candidate Bhuvaneshwar Mehta. The external affairs minister of India was forced to bite the dust by an inconsequential local-level leader.
The same was the fate of 12 other BJP candidates in Jharkhand, where we lost 13 out of the 14 Lok Sabha seats. A quick analysis showed that I had, indeed, retained my vote bank, which had resulted in huge wins earlier. Yet, in 2004, it was not adequate enough to stop me from losing by a huge margin. In 1998 and 1999, the opposition against me was divided. In 2004, the entire opposition was united and all the non-BJP votes went mostly to a single candidate.
The same thing has happened in Delhi in 2015. The BJP vote share has declined only by 0.9% between the last assembly election and this. Yet, the seat share has declined from 32 to three. There is no point in comparing the performance of assembly elections with Lok Sabha elections. The two are entirely different ball games.
The simple explanation for the BJP's rout in Delhi is the consolidation of the non-BJP votes in favour of AAP rather than being dispersed in a multi-cornered contest. Credit, no doubt, has to be given to AAP for projecting itself as the only credible alternative to the BJP, compared to any other party, especially the Congress. While that is a measure of the success of AAP's strategy, the failure of the BJP consists of not being able to split the non-BJP votes.
This simple explanation of BJP's defeat has escaped most commentators and they have gone to town at this first opportunity after the Lok Sabha elections to belabour the BJP. It starts with the ineptitude of the Narendra Modi-Amit Shah combine, to the arrogance of the BJP leaders, to the non-performance of the Modi government, to the selection of Kiran Bedi as the chief ministerial candidate, to the indifference of the BJP cadres, to the pinstriped suit of Modi.
The fault does not lie there. The fault lies in the first-past-the-post system of our elections. There are, no doubt, lessons to learn, which I am sure the party will. But to project it as the end of the world for the BJP is entirely misplaced.
The writer is a former Union minister
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Listen, youngsters, there was once a time in American politics when a politician with a good shot of becoming president threw away his big chance because he believed he should—and could—remain above the fray. Yes, he really thought that. His name was Michael Dukakis. And today he is mostly known as a political loser.
Yet in his day, Dukakis was the popular and successful governor of Massachusetts, who, as the son of Greek immigrants, was widely seen as the personification of the American Dream. After winning the Democratic presidential primary of 1988—vanquishing such political warriors as Al Gore, Dick Gephardt, Jesse Jackson, Joe Biden, and Paul Simon (the senator, not the singer)—Dukakis was for a time the front-runner in the race against a sitting vice president named George Herbert Walker Bush. In May of that year, Dukakis led the dynastic prince by 16 points in one poll. In August, he had a 17-point advantage. And the veep branded himself the “underdog” of the race.
But Dukakis made a big error. When the mud started flying, he acted as if he were at afternoon tea.
In a new NBC Learn documentary, aptly titled Above the Fray: The Lessons of Dukakis '88, Will Rabbe, a producer for MSNBC's Hardball, chronicles this supersized miscalculation. (Connection declared: I'm a regular guest on Hardball.) For many who lived through the excruciating final months of the campaign, as the Bush machine (operated by Lee Atwater, a consultant known for his down-and-dirty, street-brawling style of politics) pummeled Dukakis and he blandly responded with policy pronouncements, this film will bring back cringe-inducing bad memories.
At the start of the documentary, Dukakis, who has always come across as a thoughtful, intelligent, and decent fellow, says, “In retrospect, I'm not sure we had the kind of strategy we should have. But it was certainly an eminently winnable campaign at the time.” A viewer already familiar with this sad tale can't help but mutter, “No shit.”
The film chronicles how negative attacks undid the Duke. At first, it was Gore. Trailing Dukakis in the Democratic primary contest, Gore, then a senator from Tennessee, claimed the governor was soft on crime, pointing to a Massachusetts state furlough program for criminals, under which two felons freed on weekend passes committed violent crimes. Dukakis didn't pay the blast much mind. But Gore's assault came too late in the game and did not help him overtake Dukakis.
Bush and Atwater did a much better job. As soon as Dukakis became the presumptive Democratic nominee, with Republicans in a near panic due to Dukakis' lead in the polls, the Bush campaign began its offensive. Bush, too, focused on the furlough program, calling Dukakis naive and dangerous. Dukakis, for his part, was mystified by the attack. Dozens of states had similar programs, as did the federal government. He didn't see how he could be tarred by what had been noncontroversial program, just because there had been a few mistakes. No, he insisted on running a positive campaign, focusing on his own message and emphasizing his accomplishments in Massachusetts and his plans for the nation's future. In the movie, he tells Rabbe, “I had made the decision that I was not going to respond to the Bush attack campaign…We certainly had no plans for dealings with these attacks. That was my decision and no one else's. It turned out to be a very bad decision.”
Before the political conventions, Bush kept hammering on the furloughs and made Willie Horton, a furloughed Massachusetts murderer who raped a woman during a release, famous. Dukakis recalls, “My view was I'm not going to pay attention to any of this stuff.” After the convention, Republicans, including President Ronald Reagan, raised questions about Dukakis' physical and mental health. There was no reason to do so; it seemed a concerted and nasty campaign to fuel unfounded speculation about Dukakis. In the documentary, Dukakis recalls his aides advised him not to get into a fight with Reagan over his health. And, once again, Dukakis was on the defense. “I was dogged every day by press questions about the whole thing,” he recalls. His lead dropped 8 points in a week. In one of the best moments captured by the film, Dukakis attempts to smother the health rumors by going on a three-mile “power walk,” with athletic socks pulled up high and swinging hand weights.
Other attacks kept coming. He was soft on defense. A Bush ad suggested Dukakis opposed practically all military spending and mocked images of Dukakis riding in a tank. He was soft on crime. He didn't favor the death penalty. The attacks were relentless. “Shame on me for not effectively dealing with it,” Dukakis now says. “And I didn't.” At the time, as Dukakis notes in the film, crime was high throughout the United States, but Massachusetts had a good record in dealing with crime and the homicide rate in Houston (Bush's home town) was six times greater than that in Boston. “Why didn't I say that?” he asks. “Well, I wasn't going to pay any attention to the attacks.” Anti-Dukakis ads flooded the airwaves with a mug shot of the scary-looking and African American Willie Horton.
You get the picture. And so does Dukakis, who is refreshingly candid in the documentary. I'll spare you a full recounting of the second debate, at which Dukakis botched a question about capital punishment when asked if he would favor the death penalty were his wife raped and murdered. To be polite, he was far too calm, abstract, and rational. (At that moment, I agreed to jump out of an airplane with a friend after the election was over.)
At the end of this well-made and insightful film, a reflective Dukakis says to Rabbe, “We didn't do what, I'm sorry to say, you have to do in these campaigns. And that's one of the great lessons of '88, sadly. And that is you've got to anticipate the attack campaign. And you have to have a carefully thought-out strategy for dealing with it in advance of when it happens…I obviously made huge mistakes.”
They were mistakes that did not go unnoticed. Four years later, when Bill Clinton, a candidate quite vulnerable to attack ads, was the Democratic nominee, his campaign staff (including George Stephanopoulos, who had been a key Dukakis staffer) operated a war room designed to respond quickly to any assault. Clinton and his team had learned what Dukakis had not.
You can watch the full documentary here:
This story is about Published Oct. 2016
Tom Gaglardi has found a perfect fit with the Dallas Stars, and the future looks even brighter Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Dallas Stars owner Tom Gaglardi, center, walks to the American Airlines Center with long time friend Jim Mitchell from Calgary for the Dallas Stars hockey game against the Vancouver Canucks at the AAC in Dallas, Texas Sunday, February 26, 2012. (Brad Loper/The Dallas Morning News)
By Mike Heika , Staff Writer Contact Mike Heika on Twitter: @MikeHeika
In a lot of ways, Tom Gaglardi was destined to own the Stars. The Vancouver businessman made a failed bid to buy his hometown Canucks in 2004 which ended in bitter disappointment. So when Gaglardi got a second chance at NHL ownership in Texas, it seemed appropriate that it was where his mom grew up and where he made a lot of childhood memories. "I think when you look at all of the business factors, it's been a great decision," Gaglardi said when asked about buying the Stars in 2011. "But when you take all of the family factors and the emotion of that, it makes it perfect, really." In a high risk business, Gaglardi's ride so far has been kind of perfect. He got the Stars at a good price, with only $50 million of the $240 million sale price coming in cash. He also has benefited from a strong Texas economy and a quick retooling of the infrastructure of the team. Of course, Gaglardi receives a lot of credit for that last item.
For Stars owner Tom Gaglardi, success means bringing the Stanley Cup back to Dallas
"It all starts with Tom," Stars CEO and President Jim Lites said. "His dedication to the team, his financial backing, his drive...it all pushes us." Lites are twice before the president of the team, starting with owner Norman Green when the Stars moved from Minnesota in 1993 and then leaving when owner Tom Hicks restructured management in 2002. He returned one year later and ran the show until 2007 when he and Hicks disagreed on firing then-GM Doug Armstrong (Lites said if Armstrong went, then so would he). So when Gaglaradi interviewed him to come back in 2011, Lites was a little taken aback by the tone of the interview. Gaglardi point-blank asked Lites why he should hire a guy who had a significant hand in making a mess of the Stars. Lites shot back that it wasn't his fault and he couldn't control the owner. It was a rough first meeting. "I honestly thought there was no way I was getting the job, but that's Tom's way, he wants to test you, he wants to see how you respond," Lites said. "Working with him now, I love it that way." Gaglardi, 48, is a passionate hockey fan, and that's a big part of his role on the team. He's also an experienced businessman, and that's the calm part of the ownership side. Gaglardi's dad Bob started the Sandman hotel chain and Moxie's restaurant chain in Western Canada, and Gaglardi started working in the restaurants in high school. He advanced to running construction sites after high school and then became president of the company at age 26 in 1994. In the intervening years, he has up-scaled his dad's company, expanding with Sutton Place Hotels and spreading to Eastern Canada. He also is planning hotels in the Dallas area and around the team's AHL affiliate in Cedar Park. It's a happy pairing of his day job and his fun job.
Staff Photographer Dallas Stars owner Tom Gaglardi claps during the announcement of the Stars active military tribute prior to the start of Dallas Stars game against the Vancouver Canucks at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas Sunday, February 26, 2012. (Brad Loper/The Dallas Morning News) 04272013xSPORTS
"I think the opportunity is there to make money off of hockey in non-hockey ways," Gaglardi said. "That's a huge plus, because it's hard to make money off a sports team." Especially a Sunbelt hockey team. Former owner Norman Green was asked when the team was up for sale what kind of owner the Stars needed and replied: "A rich one. Owning a hockey team is like owning a yacht, it cost a lot of money, but it sure is fun." Asked recently about that comment, Green chuckled and said: "I think Tom is perfect for this team. He seems to be doing exactly what he should be doing."
The good thing is the Stars have done it before. When Hicks bought the team in 1995, he invested a ton of cash, bought some great players, and won the Stanley Cup by 1999. The team was one of the great success stories in the NHL. But, it got cocky, overpriced the market, and stopped winning. Lites and Gaglardi have learned from history. "You have to win, that's step one," Gaglardi said. "You can draw hockey fans in Canada and not always win, but you have to win to draw hockey fans in Texas. So that's what we're trying to do."
No longer the new team on the block, Dallas Stars staying relevant in non-traditional hockey market
Gaglardi also enjoys the winning part most. He calls himself a fan first, and said he doesn't want to be too deep into the business side of the operation. Lite counters that Gaglardi had great ideas and gets updated on everything. He was a big player in the rebranding of the team with new colors, logos and uniforms, and also understands everything Lites is doing to try to create additional revenue. "A lot of what he does with hotels and restaurants is what we do with ticketholders," Lites said. "It's a hospitality industry, so he has plenty of experience and great ideas." It's just another part of the plan that seems kind of perfect. With Cedar Park becoming the "Frisco of Austin" and the land around American Airlines Center ripe with opportunity, Gaglardi seems to have "come back" to Texas at just the right time. Gaglardi's mom Karen is from Longview and she met Bob Gaglardi when he attended LeTorneau University, so Tom has spent his share of time in Texas as a kid. While his parents are divorced, Karen's family lives primarily in Burleson and Fort Worth now. Having that upbringing, Gaglardi has always been a huge fan of the Cowboys, and said he takes Texas-sized pride in the fact that he expects to spend significant time in the Lone Star State going forward. "It just seems like a good fit," Gaglardi said. "This seems like what I'm supposed to be doing." Youngest owners in the NHL Based on the owners as listed by the NHL, Tom Gaglardi is the youngest man to have primary ownership of a team. Here are the five youngest: Owner Team Age Tom Gaglardi Stars 48 Mario Lemieux Penguins 50 Joshua Harris Devils 50 Darryl Katz Oilers 55 N. Murray Edwards Flames 56
This Topic is Missing Your Voice.
Source: Gun sales boom on Black Friday – Nov. 25, 2016
Gun sales boom on Black Friday – Nov. 25, 2016
The Black Friday weapon sales are not driven by the Christmas spirit since gun laws in many states prohibit buying guns for someone else. The sales are driven by sharp discounts.
Dr. Joseph Feldman, a surgeon from neighboring Montville, was buying a $500 Sig Sauer scope for his R.E.P.R. semiautomatic rifle from the manufacturer LWRCI, one of four AR-15s that he owns. He was also buying ammunition for the AR-15s and had his eye on a Henry, a vintage-style lever action rifle manufactured in nearby Bayonne.
“I like to have lots of ammo on hand,” he said.
Feldman, 56, estimated that purchasing these scope, ammo and the Henry rifle on Black Friday, with his gun range member discounts, would save him about $500.
Venom: Tom Hardy to Star, Zombieland Director to Helm for 2018 Release
Venom: Tom Hardy to Star, Zombieland Director to Helm for 2018 Release
Share. Sony's Venom releases October 5, 2018. Sony's Venom releases October 5, 2018.
Tom Hardy will star as Eddie Brock in Venom, with Zombieland's Ruben Fleischer set to direct.
IGN can confirm Hardy's involvement as Brock in the film from Sony's Marvel Universe, which will be released on October 5, 2018. Production will start this fall.
Venom will be the first film debuting Sony's bid to build out its own Marvel Universe, despite Sony's unique deal with Marvel Studios to include Spider-Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, is not a spinoff from the existing MCU films. Spider-Man: Homecoming director Jon Watts discussed how the films won't be connected earlier this year. And Sony's Marvel Universe will reportedly include a Black Cat/Silver Sable film.
Avi Arad, Matt Tolmach, and Amy Pascal are producing the film, with Palak Patel and Eric Fineman overseeing for Columbia Pictures.
IGN's own Up at Noon theorized about a Hardy/Venom casting weeks ago:
Exit Theatre Mode
Sony set a release date for Venom earlier this year, revealing the long in-development project was back on track.
Reports have suggested that the film will be of the action, horror, and sci-fi genres
Exit Theatre Mode
Hardy has of course previously appeared in comic book adaptations, having starred as Bane in The Dark Knight Rises. Topher Grace previously starred as Eddie Brock in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 3, the final film in Sony's first adaptation of the Spider-Man universe.
Spider-Man: Homecoming will release on July 7.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter @jmdornbush.
PARIS — Satellite component maker Com Dev of Canada on March 9 said it had created a separate “Skunk Works”-type engineering team to prepare the company for bids on one or more of the mega-constellations offering satellite Internet services.
Com Dev specifically said it was working with prospective prime contractors for the proposed 650-satellite OneWeb system. The OneWeb company is expected to create a joint venture this year with the builder of its constellation.
Cambridge, Ontario-based Com Dev has supplied microwave or other components for most of the commercial geostationary-orbit satellites now in service, in addition to providing parts for mobile satellite services provider Iridium's 66-satellite constellation in low Earth orbit.
Over 40 years, the company has supplied parts to around 900 satellites.
But plans by SpaceX of Hawthorne, California, OneWeb of Britain's Channel Islands, and others make Com Dev's record look like weekend garage tinkering. SpaceX, with $900 million from Google, is planning a 4,000-satellite constellation.
SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk has suggested his project will build its own satellites and not lean on established satellite-parts builders, who he said do not have much experience in mass production.
In a conference call with investors, Com Dev Chief Executive Michael Pley conceded that point, but said Com Dev is an exception. In addition to building parts for big satellites, it has built its own spacecraft for its exactEarth subsidiary, co-owned with Hispasat of Spain, which provides ship-identification information to maritime authorities.
ExactEarth uses eight small satellites now and has three more scheduled for launch this year. To help it grow — and to generate potential liquidity for Com Dev and its investors — Com Dev and Hispasat have agreed to allow exactEarth to hire investment advisor Canaccord Genuity to explore strategic options.
According to Pley, Com Dev observers have said exactEarth's full value is not reflected in Com Dev's share price, and a strategic transaction could unlock that value in addition to giving exactEarth room to expand into the wider maritime data services market.
Pley said Com Dev has been preparing for bids on mega-constellation projects since mid-2014, and that the OneWeb project appears to be moving more quickly than the others.
Key to the Com Dev technologies that should appeal to constellations delivering worldwide Internet service are filters that enable satellite owners to calibrate the spectrum they are using to keep out noise and assure that they remain within the confines of their radio spectrum regulatory allocations.
The constellation ideas demand that Com Dev and other established satellite hardware builders rethink their approach to the business, Pley said.
“OneWeb doesn't want to do satellites for more than maybe $1 million or $2 million per satellite,” Pley said. “Compare that to a big geo satellite, which is about the size of the room we're in now. The LEO (low Earth orbit) satellites are the size of a beer fridge.
“You have to think differently in terms of a production paradigm. The [research and development] activity we are doing right now is actually more of a Skunk Works approach, separate from our main group. It's a dedicated group of guys working with these things in mind.”
The ability of any of these constellations to move to full-scale production has not been demonstrated. For the moment, they have collected a few big-name investors or partners — Google for SpaceX, Qualcomm and Virgin Group for OneWeb among them — but have not incurred material charges for systems to cost $2 billion or more.
In the absence of a firm contract or other metric to judge the seriousness of the mega-constellation ventures, the broader market is left to measure how prospective contractors like Com De view them. In the conference call, Pley made clear he thinks there are real projects on the way.
OneWeb “appears to be moving,” Pley said. “If you look at their original timeline, they are sticking to their plans. For those looking to participate, if you are not ready to do it right now it's probably too late. We have been working on this since the middle of last year.”
Unlike previous constellation plans of 15 years ago including Teledesic and SkyBridge, both of which failed before satellites were deployed, today's projects feature what Pley called “the billionaire factor,” meaning they appear to have sufficient financing from the start.
Above: Bill McGuire enters the office of Senate Majority Leader Tom Bakk earlier this month.
Building a new soccer stadium in Minneapolis will be "very difficult" if requested tax breaks aren't secured this year, Minnesota United FC team owner Dr. Bill McGuire said Thursday.
But McGuire added that stadium backers are flexible about how the property tax savings are achieved, including possible public ownership of the stadium. McGuire made the comments on Minnesota Public Radio, in his first extensive remarks since announcing the proposal earlier this month.
Major League Soccer awarded a new team franchise to McGuire and his group in late March, setting off a scramble to finance and build a stadium.
McGuire and his investment group -- which includes Star Tribune owner Glen Taylor -- are seeking to build a $150 million stadium near Minneapolis' farmers market. They are also seeking tax exemptions on construction materials and ongoing breaks on property taxes for the facility, the latter of which faces opposition from Mayor Betsy Hodges.
Asked why those tax breaks are needed -- after the investment group has paid so much for the stadium -- McGuire said the facility would be essentially "non-economic" at $25 million to $30 million a year in revenue.
"Each one of these things that cost money go against that and pretty quickly you run into the problem of financing this on an ongoing basis so you're not asking people to – above and beyond the money they've put in in the beginning – to write a check every year," McGuire said. "So that's just one of the elements.”
Hodges has said it would be unprecedented to give a private entity a permanent property exemption. She estimated the city would lose out on $3.4 million to $4.2 million per year.
The city does offer tax increment financing to redirect taxes toward debt payments on major private projects -- but those districts have expiration dates. Other local stadiums don't pay taxes because they are privately publicly owned.
Seeming to loosen his call earlier this month for a complete exemption, McGuire said they are seeking "some kind of help on the property tax on the land and the structure that is built."
“We have not been specific as to the vehicle it can take," he said, adding later that they are not adverse to the stadium being publicly owned. The head of the Minnesota Ballpark Authority, which owns Target Field, has been active in the MLS deal behind the scenes.
“We have been ... thinking about [public ownership] as something that might make sense for a number of reasons," McGuire said. "And certainly that puts us in the realm of the other entities. Of course the other entities all got public money as well.”
McGuire said Minneapolis and other communities have a long history of offering tax relief to lure various businesses. "Not everybody has agreed with those, but they have certainly occurred," McGuire said.
The deal faces long odd of passing the Legislature this year, given a lack of interest and time running out toward a May scheduled adjournment. McGuire wouldn't say definitively if the stadium was contingent on a deal this year -- the league has said the team is working to have a plan finalized by July 1.
"I think it would make it very difficult to build the stadium," McGuire said.
He somewhat dismissed a Senate vote earlier this month expressing opposition to subsidies for a soccer stadium. "It is not necessarily indicative of a lack of interest or support," McGuire said. "And it also mentioned subsidizing the stadium ... is that construction or not? We have come forth with a plan that says we are not asking money for construction.”
McGuire took heat from several callers, including one who asked "How much is enough for someone who is a billionaire?"
“I'm not a billionaire. I'm far far less than that. ... But I think the bigger question that you're getting at – people are coming forth, a group of people, to do something that is unprecedented in the community and frankly pretty much around the country," McGuire said. "And that is to privately fund an economic development play for our community to make sure soccer is here.”
Precisely what happens next with regard to the deal remains unclear. No legislators have authored a bill to make it possible. And while Senate Majority Leader Tom Bakk said he wants to see support from Minneapolis and Hennepin County, neither have yet expressed that formally.
State Rep. Raymond Dehn, DFL-Minneapolis, said Thursday he has drafted an amendment relating to the stadium, but has so far held off on introducing it.
“We're trying to determine what the Legislature and the governor's sentiments are and what the path might be this year, if there's a path this year,” Dehn said.
Short Bytes: If you want to learn how to assemble a PC from scratch, you should play this PC Building Simulator game created by Claudiu. It replicates the real-world shapes and sizes of the computer components such as CPU, graphics card, memory, hard drive etc. The game is currently released as a pre-alpha build and it's free to download.
S
ome people might've been thinking about building their own gaming PC lately? But such thoughts are often backpedaled due to the lack of experience. PC Building Simulator , developed by a Romania-based programmer Claudiu, is a game designed to replicate the real-world experience of assembling a computer from scratch. It features 3D models of computer components in their accurate sizes including the slots where the components fit in.
The simulator game is currently released in pre-alpha version and it can give you a good idea of how things work before you decide to buy the components and starting making your own high-end gaming PC.
The Tutorial option on the welcome screen helps you proceed with the game and become familiar with all the options. Also, you can choose the desired quality and screen resolution in the Options.
To assemble the machine, you can choose different parts and components from a well-categorized inventory which is currently limited but it might include more things in the future. The inventory can be accessed by pressing I.
While Claudiu is busy working on the full version of the game, you can download PC Building Simulator pre-alpha version using this link. It is available for Windows, Linux, macOS. Although, the game is free to play, its creator requests for donation to support further development of the project.
Did you find this helpful? Drop your thoughts. And don't forget to tell us your feedback.
Also Read: How To Download The Windows 10 Creators Update Before Others When It Launches
Google will launch YouTube Gaming this summer, an app and website featuring live-streaming gameplay aimed at competing with Amazon's Twitch.
About a year ago, YouTube reached a preliminary deal to acquire Twitch for around $1 billion, before Amazon.com swooped in and clinched a deal to buy the company.
Now comes YouTube Gaming, which will have a dedicated page for each of more than 25,000 games, including live streams for each title, ranging from “Asteroids” to “Zelda,” according to the Internet-video site.
“Uncover new favorites with recommendations based on the games and channels you love,” YouTube product manager Alan Joyce wrote in a blog post announcing the launch. “And when you want something specific, you can search with confidence, knowing that typing ‘call' will show you ‘Call of Duty' and not ‘Call Me Maybe.'”
According to Google, YouTube Gaming in the next few weeks will launch an improved live service that makes it simpler to broadcast gameplay. The site currently supports streaming of up to 60 frames per second, as well as automatically converting the live stream into an on-demand YouTube video.
The YouTube Gaming service will be available this summer starting in the U.S. and U.K. “We're building this just for gamers — so we want to hear from you about how we can make it the best way to connect with your community,” Joyce wrote.
YouTube announced the gaming destination and app ahead of the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3), which runs June 16-18 in Los Angeles.
Portraiture by artist Lamya Gargash at the Exist (in some way) exhibition.
The title I Exist (in some way) — an exhibition in Liverpool — came from Syrian photographer Issa Touma, who has also said “they cannot cancel me, so they need to accept me.” Looking at the images in this show, however, one can't help feeling that it is a record of constraints — and, admittedly, of attempts to overcome them — rather than of freedom.
To illustrate: one of the most celebrated artists in the show is the Palestinian Larissa Sansour. Her contributions come from the Nation Estate series of works, which conceive of a futuristic Palestinian state existing not in historical Palestine, or even in the West Bank and Gaza, but confined to a high-rise building.
One image shows her sitting in the sterile lobby of this imaginary edifice, a directory of the building lists the floors: “-1. Dead Sea; 0. Main Lobby; 1. Souq; 2. Permits and Passports; 3. Heritage Museum; 4. Jerusalem.” The remaining ten floors represent the main cities of the West Bank and Gaza. It is striking that one has to pass through shops, bureaucracies and tidily-assembled “heritage” in a museum before being able to reach the real spaces in which people live and work.
Another picture continues the theme, showing Sansour striding with a suitcase across the pristine, airport-marble floor of a model Manger Square in Bethlehem. Signposts give directions to famous sights such as the Milk Grotto and Nativity Church, but a white, warehouse-like ceiling soars overhead and apocalyptic-looking storm-clouds gather outside the high windows.
This may be a “Palestinian state,” but it is even more plastic and fake than the “Ramallah bubble” generated by external governments and a detached Palestinian Authority in the contemporary West Bank.
Tanya Habjouqa's photography series documents the 2009 Arab Bodybuilding Championships.
In a very different set of images, Jerusalem-based photographer Tanya Habjouqa documents the 2009 Arab Bodybuilding Championships in Amman, Jordan: dubbed the “Gaza Martyrs Tournament” after those killed in Israel's attack on Gaza earlier that year.
The bulging, artificial-looking flesh painted with glittering dark-brown lotion to accentuate the competitors' muscles indicates the pursuit of a hyper-masculine body image, but a fainting contestant, overcome by stress, and the wistful look in the men's eyes suggest a creeping vulnerability.
The Gaza reference in the tournament's nickname adds to the underlying sense of desperation behind the macho poses.
Images of uprising
Perhaps inevitably for an exhibition of photography by Arab artists, images of the Arab uprisings of recent years loom large. Laura el-Tantawy's portraits taken in and around Cairo's Tahrir Square during the months of protest are moving and intimate, explicitly intended to counter the Western media's depictions of demonstrators as a kind of undifferentiated mass.
The Syrian Nathalie Kardjiane's video from her family's home city of Homs, however, is much less optimistic in tone. Returning for her uncle's funeral in April 2012, Kardjiane records that she and her father had to identify him by his broken finger, his face unrecognizable after he was shot in the head. This grim revelation is juxtaposed with a collection of family snaps showing her uncle as a handsome young man in the 1970s.
Veteran artist Issa Touma's work, meanwhile, puts Kardjiane's film into context. Dancing for the Big Father features pictures taken in Syria between 1995 and 2002, showing how images of Bashar al-Assad and his father Hafez dominated public spaces.
The other major theme which seems to absorb contributors to the exhibition — as already suggested by Habjouqa's work — is gender. The most striking example is Boushra Almutawakel's exploration of her own “overlapping viewpoints as a mother, a Muslim, and as a Yemeni woman.”
One set of her photographs depicts her in traditional Yemeni costumes but those usually worn by men, not women. In several, she carries a sword or a janbiya, the curved dagger which is part of male ceremonial attire.
In another series, Mutawakel appears alongside a young girl who carries a doll. In the first image, Mutawakel wears a light headscarf, a small amount of hair showing; as the set proceeds their clothes get darker in color, the coverings more comprehensive, until — by way of an abaya and then a niqab — a cascade of black fabric obscures mother, daughter and doll completely. But even in the last image, which from some angles appears to be simply a black square, a few folds of fabric show that the two figures are still present.
Mixed bag
Lebanese-American photographer George Awde also explores his concern with gender, through images of boyhood and men juxtaposed with nature and ruined buildings. As with Habjouqa's bodybuilders, though, the trappings of machismo — cars and tattoos — are undermined by the vulnerability evinced by men in a world of shifting values, violent political forces and uncertain futures.
Like most groups shows, this exhibition is a mixed bag. Some works, like those of el-Tantawy and Kardjiane, are intimate and personal. Others are less visceral and direct, using photography as a medium to be manipulated and crafted as the basis for discursive art pieces, rather than as an extension of the human eye, out in the world.
Examples include Sansour's clever generated imagery of her Palestinian dystopia, or Emirati photographer Lamya Gargash's strangely eerie paired portraits, one depicting the made-up, beautifully dressed individual, and the other the same person with nose, chin or eyes distorted to extreme proportions in a challenge to ideas of beauty and normality.
Given the Orientalist voyeurism which often accompanies Western discussions of Arab gender, identity, agency and transformation, it's easy to to forget that all our societies are constantly negotiating and rethinking these questions. But this exhibition gives an interesting insight into how some of these conversations are currently being worked through by Arab artists.
All images courtesy of Look/13.
I Exist (in some way) is on display at the Blue Coat Foundation in Liverpool, UK until 14 July.
Sarah Irving is a freelance writer. She worked with the International Solidarity Movement in the occupied West Bank in 2001-02 and with Olive Co-op, promoting fair trade Palestinian products and solidarity visits, in 2004-06. She is the author of a biography of Leila Khaled and of the Bradt Guide to Palestine and co-author, with Sharyn Lock, of Gaza: Beneath the Bombs.
By Shilpa Kannan
India Business Report, BBC World, Delhi
With many mouths to feed, Pushpa is struggling. Finding rice to feed her family is a daily struggle for 30-year-old mother Pushpa. Pushpa lives with her ailing in-laws, five children and her husband in a crowded slum in east Delhi. Pushpa's husband earns about $10 a month selling herbal medicine - so several days a month, the family has to go to bed hungry. Two of her five children have been in and out of hospitals for severe malnutrition. In the heart of Delhi, families such as Pushpa's are registered with the government and have been issued identity cards that entitle them to subsidised rice. But they rarely get their share. Pushpa is angry. "I voted this government into power but to no avail," she says. "No one is taking care of us. "We even have our identity cards that entitle us to subsidised food. The government has promised us cheap rice and wheat, but we get nothing. "My children are dying of hunger. How can I feed them? They keep falling sick." Costly malnutrition The proposed Food security act will guarantee 25 kilograms of food grain to the poorest people at a subsidised cost
Parshuram Ray, the director of Centre for Environment and Food Security That is why non-governmental organisations such as the Centre for Environment and Food Security are now campaigning for the government to guarantee food as a basic right to poor people. Despite government food schemes having existed for more than 30 years, Indian malnutrition and child mortality rates are worse than in Sub-Saharan Africa. Even in urban centres such as Delhi there are millions of people who cannot afford to eat. By some estimates, malnutrition has led to an economic loss of $29bn a year - equivlent to almost 4% of India's gross domestic product, or GDP. Right to food Parshuram Ray, the director of Centre for Environment and Food Security, says almost 80% of Indians do not get enough to eat. We want it to be more investment oriented, more infrastructure projects, simplification of tax procedures, rationalisation - rather than major cuts in taxes, which the government can't afford at this point of time
Chandrajit Banerjee, director of the Confederation of Indian Industry "The proposed Food security act will guarantee 25 kilograms of food grain to the poorest people at a subsidised cost," he says. "It also gives people the right to go to courts and demand their right to food. If not delivered, officials can be held responsible and it will be a punishable offence." A law that guarantees food security can be life-changing for poor people. But it is the implementation of this law that is worrying industrialists. While nobody disagrees with the law, its cost might exceed $10m. Add that to the existing welfare schemes, such as the National Rural Employment, the fertilizer subsidies, or the waiver of crop loans for farmers - as well as the fuel subsidy for Indian consumers - and the handouts bill is pretty high. Rising spending In April this year, total government spending reached $13.5bn, up 43% from the same period last year. If the government helps us with tax incentives, interest subsidies and post-export incentives, it will not just help us keep the company running, but also help our employees
Abdul Rashid, director, National Masala Mills Critics fear that if the government continues to spend at this pace it will have huge negative implications for the Indian economy. The borrowing target has already been raised to $76bn for this year from an earlier prediction of $62bn. The current government has been voted in on a powerful mandate so the expectation from both people and the industry for the upcoming budget is running high. While poor people such as Pushpa are looking for a respite from their troubles, lobby groups and industrialists are knocking on the doors of the finance ministry to make sure their voice is heard too. India has announced three stimulus packages for the industry since December. Taxes on consumer products have been cut in an effort to boost consumer demand. But the widening fiscal deficit is still worrying the Indian Industry. Some estimate that the government is spending 7% more than it is getting in from taxes and other income sources. Such a 7% fiscal deficit would be the highest in 19 years. Investment budget As a result of the government's financial constraints, industry expects less assistance in this budget. Exporters want credit subsidies kept in place. Chandrajit Banerjee, director of the Confederation of Indian Industry, says industry will look at the budget in a manner where you get the benefits without much of a fiscal stimulus. He says that Budget 2009-10 should be an "investment budget" to enable India to deal with the global economic crisis and aim at leading the economy to a growth rate in excess of 8% in the coming year. "Therefore we want it to be more investment oriented, more infrastructure projects, simplification of tax procedures, rationalisation - rather than major cuts in taxes, which the government can't afford at this point of time." Cheap credit But smaller companies are worried. The failure to feed the poor is costing vast sums every year. National Masala Mills is an exporter of Indian spices to the Middle East, UK and Africa. In its factory on the outskirts of Delhi, hundreds of women are employed to clean, sort and grade their spices. The air is heavy and pungent as women dressed in bright red tunics are cleaning baskets of red chillies. The chillies are then machine ground and filled into sacks ready to be exported. The global economic crisis has been a huge blow to National Masala Mills. So the company has high hopes that the upcoming budget will provide them with a stimulus package. Company director Abdul Rashid says they support more than 4,000 families in procuring raw material, manufacturing and marketing their spices. "If the government helps us with tax incentives, interest subsidies and post-export incentives, it will not just help us keep the company running, but also help our employees," he says. Exporters are usually provided credit at a rate that is some 2.5 percentage points below the prime lending rate (PLR) of banks. But this arrangement comes to an end on 30 September this year. So Mr Rashid wants an extension of interest subsidy for the sector to help access cheap credit and remain competitive. Huge drain Back in the Delhi slums, Pushpa and her neighbours settle down for their evening prayers. As they huddle together singing Hindi hymns thanking god for their daily bread, children line up for free sweets at the end of the session. Many others hope Pranab Mukherjee, India's finance minister, will hand out sweeteners of his own. But feeding its people and funding its industry is going to be huge drain on the country's treasury. And it remains to be seen whether the finance minister can deliver the economic miracles that millions of people want.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Republican National Convention starts this afternoon and people are already getting nervous about protests. While protesters were taking to Facebook to encourage one another to stay peaceful, members of a police union were asking Ohio governor John Kasich to consider temporarily suspending the "open carry" law. The day before the Convention, protesters were already lining up to make their grievances and concerns known, and police were also lined up, keeping a close eye on what was happening. The protests will be continuing through every day of the RNC, and we will be updating this post with more stories from the protests as news comes in. Click through the gallery to see photos of the protesters, police responses, and stories from protests at the Republican National Convention. (Getty)
Law graduate from London found guilty of spreading ‘propaganda against regime' following secret hearing in Iran
A British-Iranian woman detained in Iran for trying to watch a volleyball game has been sentenced to one year in a notorious prison, according to her family and lawyer.
Ghoncheh Ghavami, 25, a law graduate from London, was found guilty of spreading “propaganda against the regime” following a secret hearing at Tehran's revolutionary court.
Ghavami has been detained for 127 days in prison since being arrested on 20 June at Azadi (“Freedom” in Farsi) stadium in Tehran where Iran's national volleyball team was scheduled to play Italy. Although she had been released within a few hours after the initial arrest she was rearrested days later.
Speaking to the Guardian, Ghavami's brother Iman, 28, said the family felt “shattered” by the court verdict.
“We are really disappointed because we felt she would get out on bail immediately. She's been through a lot and now it's a full-year sentence and she's already served four months,” he said.
No reason was given for the conviction, although Ghavami had been accused of spreading propaganda against the regime, an unspecific charge often used by Iran's judiciary.
Ghavami's parents, who have been based in Tehran throughout their daughter's ordeal, were too distressed to talk after Saturday's court hearing – which they were not allowed to attend.
“I found out the verdict from the lawyer. My parents were with him but were too emotional to talk. As we speak my parents are scrambling from one office to another to see if we can get leniency or bail,” said Iman.
Ghavami's lawyer, Alizadeh Tabatabaie, was quoted in Iranian media as saying: “According to the verdict she was sentenced to one year.”
Asked if the sentence could be reduced, Tabatabaie, who has not been allowed to visit his client, said: “Considering that Ghoncheh Ghavami has no criminal record, the court can alleviate the verdict.
“In a meeting Ghoncheh had with her mother on Wednesday, she said no new charges have been filed against her.”
In early October Ghavami spent 14 days on hunger strike in protest at her detention. Her arrest has drawn condemnation from the highest political level. David Cameron underlined his concerns in a meeting with Iran's president, Hassan Rouhani, in September at the UN general assembly in New York.
Iman, from London, said he hoped his sister would be moved to another wing of the notorious Evin prison, where she has been held since June in relative solitary confinement in a jail known for housing high-profile political prisoners and activists.
He said: “She will be in the same prison but we hope she's going to be transferred to a general section of it where she can interact with other people because now she's being held in solitary confinement. It's hell for everyone who is kept there.”
A petition on the site Change.org started by Iman has amassed more than 700,000 signatories calling for Ghavami's release.
Earlier this year TorrentFreak interviewed a guy making a living from the illegal streaming of movies and TV shows. Now, as promised, we're back again with a follow up which details not only the kind of profits being made, but also the pitfalls of being involved in the unauthorized distribution of other people's content. It's an intriguing mix of self employment, expected and unexpected setbacks, and advice to the studios on how to make a dent in the pirate market.
Back in October we spoke with ‘John', one of the most prolific movie and TV show uploaders/linkers around today. With 30,000 different pieces of content distributed to date, John had some interesting revelations on how he makes money.
As promised, we're now back with part two of our interview in which we discover how some of the business's pitfalls can affect profitability.
Affiliate schemes and the Megaupload effect
To begin we went straight in with a big question – how many views can John get on a top movie and what does that mean to him financially?
“I've had a few video files get over 100,000 hits but that is by far the exception. Most of the files I add don't even get 1,000 hits because there is so much competition. That's why I have to do so many! Financially…well I get between $1 and $2 per 1,000 views so I'll let you do the math,” he explains.
As detailed in our previous article, revenue is generated when John drives traffic to file-hosting sites. We asked which ones are the best and how much money they pay out but John didn't want to reveal too much. The takedown of Megaupload is apparently still ringing in everyone's ears.
“Many of the file hosts now have ‘private' affiliate programs. When Megavideo got taken down, many of them panicked and publicly removed their affiliate programs. That being said, their payouts are based on where the viewer comes from. This is purely based on what advertisers are willing to pay for. A viewer in the US is more valuable than one in say China or India,” he says.
File-hosting sites and DMCA takedowns
But of course, while John may upload many thousands of files, it doesn't necessarily follow that those videos remain accessible. Once copyright holders find out where they are they issue takedown notices to the operators of the file-hosting sites who, if they want to stay on the right side of the law, have to disable access to the infringing material. So how often does that happen?
“It all depends on the file host and the TV show/movie. Some file hosts immediately remove a file when they receive the DMCA notice. Some take the legal limit to remove it and some I work with ignore the takedown notice completely,” John explains.
“My experience is that the pay television channels like HBO, Showtime and Starz are the most active when it comes to sending notices and based on their outmoded business model they have to be. My personal belief is that the rest of them only do it occasionally because they need to show their advertisers and/or investors that they are doing something, but secretly they love the exposure and increased fan base.”
Interestingly, John says that when he uploads copies of The Big Bang Theory, the number one U.S. primetime sitcom, two things happen. One – it becomes one of his best earners, and two – the episodes never get taken down.
“Maybe Chuck Lorre thought it through and figured the exposure was worth it,” John says.
But while episodes of The Big Bang Theory might remain intact, others most certainly do not. John says that at least once a day he replaces all of the links that have been taken down via DMCA notices. This, he says, takes around an hour and while it's an annoyance “it is just part of the business.”
Repeat infringer policies are essential – or are they?
As revealed by the Megaupload case, copyright holders are absolutely insistent that in order to remain within the law, file-hosting sites must have a repeat infringer policy. So has John, an uploader of tens of thousands of movies and TV shows, seen any signs of such a thing in play at the file-hosting sites he uses? Does he ever get warned that if he uploads copyrighted movies again his account will be closed?
“Never. All I receive is an email or other type of notification on their websites letting me know when a link has been deleted. I simply re-upload it since it is already on my seedbox and re-add it to the streaming sites. Then I notify the streaming site that the other link is bad,” he says.
“It literally takes me about 2 minutes or so to replace a link. All of the file hosts and streaming websites cover their ass by putting in their Terms of Service that they do not allow any copyrighted material. As long as they remove the file when they receive a DMCA notification, then they are legal.”
Profit gets hit from an unexpected corner
While some file-hosts are clearly turning a blind eye to the activities of people like John which is a plus for him, they can also become part of the problem. Apparently some affiliate programs don't live up to the hype meaning that John is sometimes left out of pocket.
“I had amassed over 20,000 video files with one site and had them all added to multiple sites. They would collectively regularly receive 50,000 to 100,000 views a day. Then overnight they all disappeared and I still have no idea why…ouch. Megavideo also owed me $1,000 for a year before they got shut down,” he says.
John says his worst experience came courtesy of the operator of several very well-known file-hosting sites which are all part of the same network.
“You are able to upload to one of his file hosts and then copy it to the others. This makes it easy to add a lot of links fast. So I did what I do and added 1000s of files to all of his sites and then added them to multiple streaming websites. Never got paid a dime. Received a few emails promising to pay but nothing….grrrrr. Anyways, just part of the business I am in. How does the saying go ‘No honor amongst thieves'?”
Finally, we asked John for his general thoughts on copyright and the state of the entertainment industry. He didn't hold back.
Broken business models
“The business model used by the television, movie, music, and soon to be book publishing industries is on life support. It is kept alive by corrupt politicians such as Lamar Hunt (Rep-R-TX) and Patrick Leahy (Sen-D-VT) who are in the pocket of the MPAA and RIAA,” John says.
“The majority of the connected population on the planet has decided that they often prefer their musical and video content to come from the Internet. But these industries still can't get it together after more than 15 years of widespread Internet usage.
“NBC/Universal spends millions each year fighting piracy. Start a fucking affiliate program and I'll link for you! I realize it is not quite that simple, but if they don't adapt and soon, they will go the way of the dinosaurs. The people have spoken – is anyone over there listening? I am and other linkers are. Torrent and streaming sites are too,” he concludes.
It seems very unlikely that anyone at the studios will listen to the advice of people like John so in the meantime they will continue to exploit the weaknesses in the current business model. Whether he's still making a decent living this time next year remains to be seen, but rest assured that Hollywood and their friends in government will do everything in their power to disrupt him.
The Creators Project - "This idea has the potential to be revolutionary in the live performance aspect of controller-based music."
TechCrunch - "This is a cool concept and an interesting and kinetic way to trigger and control beats and sounds.“
Ubergizmo - "Definitely one of the more interesting articles of clothing that might just baffle future archaeologists as they dig this up under a pile of nuclear dust"
Hypebeast - "Pieces like this are the next step for a DJ to bring his live show to the next stratosphere."
Dj Techtools -"Why not wear your MIDI controller on you while you're walking around?"
THE WEARABLE MACHINES PROJECT I MJ v1.0 Imagine being able to create music by using your body as an interface. Imagine being able to extend that jacket to make it work not only with music, but with whichever devices you have: A Kinect, an iPod, Nike Plus. We believe that the way we interact with our clothing is changing; clothing should not only be a way of covering your body while helping you get laid, our relationship with clothing should be much more than that: clothing should be an extension of our body, and we're using wearable technology to do that.
We are working with the best musicians, DJ's and electronic artists worldwide to make this project a success. Our first product is the MIDI Controller Jacket. A MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) allows communication between digital music instruments, computers, and other devices (for example, using the jacket's sensors to send music notes to your DAW). It allows users to control and make music kinetically (through body movements), through body sensors, and by detecting your acceleration and flexion.
The MJ v1.0
All of our jackets draw their inspiration from electronic component devices. This specific jacket is modeled after an LED light, attempting to recreate the electronic component's form in real life.
Image of the first prototype of the Jacket, the final design may vary.
DEMO I MJ v1.0
Leaving the electronics aside, the jackets are not ordinary, their construction is very complex. We work with industrial grade materials which are commonly used for other purposes (boat sails, camping tents),they are completely waterproof and hard to work with. They are not regular clothing materials.
The Jackets include a user manual and an account on our website so that we can work together with all of our users to create a product that they need.
The jacket's design is so complex, that, currently, it can only be crafted by hand by Mexico's top tailor, and the president of the Mexican union of tailors: J. Lobato M.
The Technology Our first technology is programmed to be a midi controller, but can be adapted to any purpose. We've included several sensors so the users can reprogram them.
- Four flexible sensors which can detect your finger's position
- One accelerometer which can detect your arm's acceleration
- A joystick
- 4 push buttons
All of these sensors and buttons can be configured by the user, but they come with presets and initial configurations. The sensors are invisible except for placeholders. This is to make sure that the jacket can be used as a regular jacket. We want integration to be complete, and that's why we're working so hard in making sure that, while the sensors are there, they do not affect the look and feel of the jacket. The jacket looks like a regular jacket, and it can be worn under any condition.
This is our first jacket, and we're developing this technology from the ground up. The accelerometers make using the jacket a different type of interface for composing music, adding kinetic capabilities.The jacket will be a platform. This is just the initial functionality, but we're creating a hackstore that will allow users to upload their own presets and their own programs, so if you want to use it to control your iPod, to mix video, add extra sensors, or hack it to interact with a kinect, you'll be able to do it. All of our code will be available freely, with libraries that will make extending the functionality of the jacket straightforward.
The final hardware will vary from this, we're considering adding a second accelerometer, gyroscopes, and replacing the push buttons.
The Software
We've developed a VST plugin so that the jacket can be connected to Ableton live wirelessly. We're working on a mobile application for iOS and Android that will allow users to interact with the jacket in a simple way.
Initial mockup of the mobile app.
Sound Capturing/Usage
By recording in the cell phone/Tablet
Pressing a key and recording a sound
Configurable pad to match the sensores
Key Mapping
Define which keys go with which sounds
Define which keys add an effect
Define if the keys are used as buttons, sensors, if they're pressure sensitive, etc.
Define the threshold to trigger actions
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch Paul's Newsnight report from Greece in full
The breeze block homes that cling to the sides of the cliffs above Piraeus harbour are painted typical Greek colours: cream and pink. The bare twigs poking out of hanging baskets and trellises stand ready to sprout, as soon as some warmth arrives.
Image copyright bbc Image caption The Medicins du Monde clinic in Perama sees about 90 patients a day
At the clinic, on the corner, people hang around the doorway. Some have sunken cheeks. Others emerge carrying that international brand identifier of poverty - the multicoloured plastic sack - filled with old clothes and basic food.
Volunteer doctors and nurses set the clinic up for migrants who fall through the Greek social security net. The diseases are not unusual for a poverty-stricken area: diabetes, hypertension, stress.
But since the crisis, something startling has happened. Greeks have started to turn up here, in ever larger numbers:
"It's gone from 8% of the users to 30% in four months, and because I can see the trends across all our clinics I'm sure it will reach 50% by the end of 2012," says Dr Nikitas Kanakis, president of the charity Medecins du Monde.
Social security 'running out'
Under the Greek system, you pay five euros to see a doctor and up to 25% of the medical bills yourself; the rest being covered by social security. But after a year of being unemployed the social security runs out, Dr Kanakis tells me. Some Greeks never had it - because after five years of crisis they have never properly worked.
Others, like Maria Vitali, just hit bad luck: her husband is a construction worker whose access to the system got withdrawn. So she sits with her five-month-old baby and her toddler in the waiting room.
The clinic sees about 90 patients a day. Recently they had to vaccinate 400 Greek children for free because they could not afford the vaccination fee: apart from any issues of poverty, it makes no sense medically, says Dr Kanakis, because vaccination only works if you do it to everybody.
"Even the pregnant women have to pay for the delivery in a state hospital. Sometimes this can be 800 euros or 1,000 euros - so if they can't afford it they don't give them a birth certificate."
In the last two months they started providing food as well as medicines. "Just here in Perama we're feeding 500 families," Dr Kanakis says.
Health service 'collapse'
The people who come here are trapped amid advancing penury and the retreating state. The minimum wage has just been slashed by 20% The government has just voted to cut the medicines bill by a further 1bn euros. What is going to happen to the health service if this goes on?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Poverty has visibly increased on the streets of Athens since the crisis began
"I think it will collapse," says Dr Kanakis. "Very soon. Because as the cuts continue, even very sick people can't get treatment; even people with social security. My mother has a pension of 500 euros and this month had to pay the special austerity tax, collected through her electricity bill. It was 350 euros. She's 80 years old. So tell me how she can survive?"
What is clear, once you get away from the incessant shouting on Greek TV, and the flash-bang battles between the anarchists and the police, is that this rapid breakdown of certainty is having a big, but immeasurable, effect on people's political expectations.
The polls tell one part of the story. The Pasok party, which tried and failed to implement the first austerity bill until replaced by a technocratic coalition in October, is now down to 11%. (Epikaria poll, 16 February 2012)
New Democracy, the centre-right party that expected to form the government - it has been a two- horse race since the restoration of democracy in the 1980s - is also in trouble. Its own vote - 27.5% - is not enough to form a government. And 20 MPs just got expelled for opposing the bailout.
The Christian Orthodox hard-right party, LAOS, has also split, after leaving the coalition government during the austerity vote last Sunday. I heard two perfectly ordinary guys, sitting next to me in a cafe, comment: "I don't care if the splitters from LAOS were once fascists. They are right."
The far left is now polling a combined 43.5%. The extreme-right party Golden Dawn is on 2.5%. And there's an air of mania.
EU hostility
During the autumn, Greek commentators began to speak of "anomic breakdown", where people begin to disobey laws and social norms individually. Back then I reported on small road toll defiance movements, and the occupation of courts trying to repossess homes.
Now it is different. Anomie has been replaced by something much less obscure in the annals of social history: visceral hostility to the Germans and north Europeans who are seen as imposing the austerity. And the hostility has only grown this week, as the euro group threw back in the faces of the Greek government their austerity plans and refused to release the bailout money.
The lightning rod for this hostility has been the call by two Greek octogenarians - Mikis Theodorakis and Manolis Glezos - for an "uprising".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Manolis Glezos is assisted by protesters outside the Greek parliament in Athens in March 2010
Mr Theodorakis is, of course, famous as a composer. Mr Glezos is famous for tearing down the Nazi swastika flag from the Acropolis in May 1941. Both were gassed as they tried to march on parliament on Sunday night. As I was standing amid the teargas and missile barrages, a young masked protester limped up to me, almost sobbing: "They attacked Glezos!"
Few Greeks believe the austerity plan can work. The rationale among the politicians has turned from "Do the cuts and we will recover" to "Do the cuts because we have no option."
The projections of IMF economists - that Greece may get its debt down to 129% by 2020, by running a surplus of tax receipts over spending in the short term - looks to most people in high finance like wishful thinking.
Fragmented politics
New Democracy (ND) wants to stick to the fiscal limits agreed with Brussels but unleash a radical, free-market reform onto the economy: privatising faster, possibly introducing a flat tax to free up small businesses.
But the experts in Brussels and Washington look askance at this. In Hungary, they have a worked example of what happens when a mercurial right-wing party takes over in a crisis and implements a flat tax.
In summary, it was a failure - and Hungary is now begging the IMF for $20bn.
But in any case few believe ND can get a majority for its free-market therapy. In fact, the combined support for ND, Pasok and the rump of LAOS totals 43% in the polls.
The left, for its part, remains riven by splits. When the security squad of the communist trade union PAME clashed with anarchists on a demo last summer, the communists pinned the blame on the other big left party, Syriza.
Outflanking both of them, a tiny former "eurocommunist" party called the Democratic Left has gone from near zero to 16% in the polls.
Yiannis Bournous, the international spokesman for Syriza, believes that despite this, it may be possible for the left to attempt to form a government. "And run a state that's part of Nato?" I ask. He makes clear that any left government would do the basic things - certainly not leave Nato.
Syriza and the DemLeft do not even want to leave the euro: Syriza's proposal is for Greece to declare a selective moratorium on debt repayments and use the euro bailout money for a programme of social reform.
In the meantime, their growing popularity is not just down to the militant atmosphere on demonstrations: "We've built a solid record in local administrations," claims Mr Bournous "and all over the country groups of our supporters are organising things: food provision, bartering clubs, self-help groups. That's how we've built ourselves.
"We are talking about a new bloc of forces that have their internal differences but which agree on the rejection of the new memorandum and this suffocating policy of super-austerity."
Does he seriously think they can form a government?
"This is our proposal. They must put aside their partial differences and after the election, yes, form a new bloc of power."
This week the German Finance Minister, Wolfgang Schauble, voiced fears others have only spoken about in private: that given the low showing of the "mainstream parties", there should be a truly technocratic government, with no career politicians involved.
Others, such as the appointed Pasok MP Elena Panaritis - an economist who advises the party leadership - say the elections should be postponed:
"If there's an election so soon, then there'll be elections again in two months, and an election the next months, and then we can kiss the country goodbye, and possibly the euro goodbye. If we're not seriously looking at the repercussions we're looking possibly at a situation like Russia in the early 1990s; then Russia had a poverty rate higher than under communism. And it had crooks running the country."
I have been reporting the Greek crisis now for two years, intermittently on the ground, and it looks like something changed, tangibly, in the past 10 days.
The established parties lost belief in what the EU is forcing them to do; parts of the EU lost belief in it too; and the people - quite wide layers of society - lost belief in the political class.
'Collective punishment'
I cannot emphasise enough the role of policing and the media in this.
Image copyright bbc Image caption The streets of Athens on Sunday night were filled by protesters, tear gas and fires
On the ground, Sunday's demonstration felt massive. It was never allowed to assemble in one place but even the PAME contingent, where I stood on Stadiou Street, looked maybe 50-70,000 strong.
The organisers claimed 250,000 had tried to assemble. The police claimed 4,500. The media reported 15,000. Both of the latter figures were a joke.
What was no joke were the clashes between police and the hardline protesters - drawn from the anarchist black bloc, the fringes of the far left and in increasing numbers from right-wing, football-supporting groups on the fringes of LAOS and the fascist group Chrissi Avgi. Time and again, on the grounds of confronting the rioters, police made incursions into large masses of peaceful protesters.
This is hardly spoken of by Greek ministers and the EU doesn't seem to want to comment on it. But I can tell you from repeated experience, it feels like a process of collective punishment of a peaceful majority.
I think this week caught Greece on the proverbial brink of something. The anger could easily solidify into anti-German sentiment, but with the conservatives and Orthodox right implicated in the first bailout, anger can more easily flow to the left.
It may be of course that I am overestimating the dangers. But here is another problem of perception: in the three hours I spent at or close to the front of the rioting on Sunday night, I did not see a single other television crew. Ours was repeatedly harassed, verbally and physically, most harshly by a small group of right wingers who accused us of being German.
At the start of the demo I saw one other (foreign) TV crew and that was it. Parts of the Greek broadcast media have long since given up telling the story of the streets; for most of them it is too dangerous, such is the popular hostility to a media many believe is in the pocket of a corrupt political class.
That is sad, but here's the wider problem this creates. If you are Schauble, Rehn, Merkel, Lagarde, you are increasingly flying blind in this crisis. The Greek papers, heavily politically aligned, can only partially reflect what is happening. The Greek politicians you talk to spend their nights shuttered behind grilles in anonymous offices - they cannot appear in public, they cannot get a feel of the streets.
The Greek politicians in power cannot deliver the country they run to an austerity package they do not believe in. And after the election, power is likely to be even more fragmented.
Just as the combined might of the IMF and the Greek government is pulling economic levers that do not work, the more insidious problem is that they are pulling political strings that are broken.
You can watch Paul Mason's full report on the personal and political impact of the Greek crisis on Friday 17 February at 22.30 GMT on BBC Two.
Rejecting a petition filed against Bollywood Singer Sonu Nigam for criticising sermons from the loudspeakers, the Punjab and Haryana High Court has said that Azaan is an integral part of Islamic worship and not loudspeakers.
According to Hindustan Times, the observation was made by a single-judge bench comprising justice MMS Bedi.
The petition was filed by Haryana's Sonepat resident Aas Mohammad seeking a criminal proceeding against Nigam saying, the tweets violated the Muslim community's fundamental right to manage religious affairs.
However, referring to various judgement, the judge termed the petition as a 'cheap' attempt to gain publicity. “A fair interpretation of the words used by respondent no 4 (Nigam) clearly indicates that the word ‘gundagardi' in tweet no 4 is not addressed in the context of Azaan but the use of loudspeakers and amplifiers,” said the court.
Justice Sampath also observed that the words used in the tweet were not meant to insult any religion or religious, and no religion prescribes blaring prayers through sound amplifiers.
Last month, Sonu Nigam found himself in the midst of controversy when he described the loud sermons from the loudspeakers as hooliganism in a series of tweets.
After stirring up a controversy, the 43-year-old singer again took to Twitter where he asserted that there was no need to fuel it anymore. "Guys, in favour of me and in opposition, let's agree to agree and disagree. No need to fuel this anymore. Look ahead and move on. Prayers," wrote Nigam.
The actor had also posted a video of the loud call to prayer to prove his point.
Is it worthy to work on narrative?
On May, 2010, the LA Times released an article speculating if “Short films can be a shortcut to Hollywood success“. Overall it claims that short films are receiving more attention nowadays and opening gates at Los Angeles. It selects a few examples of short films which caught the eye of several producers and closed important deals for the filmmakers. Yet, you shouldn't expect this kind of talk in this blog, what i actually want to point out is the selection of short films chosen to illustrate the aforementioned movement. Here's the list:
The article might look dated, but the timing is important here. The deals suggested by the LA Times, if had gained texture, might be possible for checking the outcome by now, two and half years later. Mamá became a feature film. Panic Attack‘s director is finishing the remake of Evil Dead. Tim Smit has been working on videoclips, not much news on the feature film for What's in the Box?. Alma is an upcoming featured animation for Dreamworks. Patrick Jean doesn't seem to be doing anything lately. Ricardo de Montreuil left the Sundance world and is attached to the next Zorro movie. Blomkamp, as we've seen previously, have directed District 9 and is nowadays finishing Elysium.
If you haven't seen these shorts until now, you must. It won't take much of your time and it is really important for the following discussion.
INTERLUDE
Did you watch them all? Really? Which one is your favorite? I'd like to know but it actually doesn't matter. These short films made me wonder where is the boundary between a situation-driven and a concept-driven short film. I consider each one of them besides Alma as concept-driven. The animation is the only one with a clear introduction, development and conclusion. Mamá is the one which gets closer to not being so rooted on concept, yet the own declaration of the Muschiettis in the LA Times' article suggest that they were guided by the concept solely.
“We didn't even have an outline,” says Barbara Muschietti. “We just wanted to do something scary.”
The main concern here then is: what's the point on working at narrative if the hollywood executives are glazing at concepts to turn into big screen feature films? Experience has proven that the narrative of a short film doesn't prepare for the work on a feature film directly, they're very distinguishable forms of storytelling (we'll visit this subject a bit further when discussing web series). People seem to be more pleased by sneak peaks of possible projects. The excitement of waiting over the experience of completeness. Great special effects to close the package and create a visual impact instead of a visual continuity of story. Every image is a story, if i deny that i'd have at least three university teachers bashing at my door with shovels, nevertheless we must evaluate the priority in the creation of that image to understand what is being discussed in here.
Here's my piece of advice: even though these concepts have brought attention to their makers, is not a guaranteed pass to Beverly Hills. A great narrative short film is going to bring buzz, perhaps you won't adapt it to a feature film, most short films can't migrate anyway, however a shot as a Hollywood director is not something to refuse. I'm honestly anxious to see what Blaas is going to do with the solid story of Alma. As in concept-driven short films, they're expandable by nature, because they're more an environment than anything else. Above everything said, you must respect your idea, don't distort something good the way it is to achieve a long-distance dream. Baby steps. Most of the short films related here had a pretty similar theme and Hollywood can't drink from the same wheel for too long (unless it turns into a franchise), thematically speaking, so i believe some of the concepts listed here are, unfortunately, going to find eternity only in the fifteen minutes run length.
There's a solid chance concept-driven short films will become the pitching for shy people. Let's hope it keeps moving that way, otherwise our introspective fellows are screwed.
Backed by Ald. Will Burns and U.S. Rep. Bobby Rush, CPS CEO Forrest Claypool announces an entirely new plan for Dyett High School. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ted Cox
THE LOOP — Chicago Public Schools will launch an open-enrollment, neighborhood arts school at Dyett High School, district officials announced Thursday.
In doing so, they circumvented a formal request for proposals on the school by coming up with a concept of their own, not submitted in the conventional process.
"Ultimately, the goal was to do what was right for the children," said Chief Executive Officer Forrest Claypool in making the announcement at CPS headquarters.
Yet the dozen Dyett hunger strikers urging acceptance of their proposal for a Dyett Global Leadership and Green Technology High School were quick to signal their disappointment outside after the announcement was made.
Dyett hunger strikers Jeanette Ramann and Cathy Dale were not placated by the CPS decision. "The hunger strike is not over," Ramann said. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ted Cox
"The hunger strike is not over," said Jeanette Ramann. "CPS did not follow its own process."
U.S. Rep. Bobby Rush (D-Chicago) tried to mollify protesters over the decision, saying he had worked alongside members of the Kenwood Oakland Community Organization spearheading the Dyett protests and "I identify with them."
Yet he added, "Sometimes we get blinded" by fervor, and he urged the protesters to consider "they have won" with the decision to retain Dyett as a community, open-enrollment high school.
State Rep. Christian Mitchell (D-Chicago) and Ald. Will Burns (4th), who both have tangled with the community group, were at the announcement and cheered the decision, which will give the community an arts-focused, open-enrollment high school, augmented with a technology innovation lab, and with attendance boundaries in Bronzeville in the 3rd and 4th wards.
"We all fought for Dyett — together," Burns said.
Ted Cox discusses why the hunger strike continues:
Yet the hunger strikers berated some community leaders who attended the announcement on their way out, including Dr. Leon Finney.
"Leon Finney sold out Bronzeville!" Cathy Dale shouted as he walked away down the street. "These people do not represent us. They're sellouts."
CPS nonetheless tried to put a happy face on the selection.
"Walter H. Dyett has a storied history of serving students and the community of Bronzeville, and this new neighborhood arts program and community center will continue this proud tradition and ensure a bright future for the children and families of Bronzeville," said Frank Clark, president of the Board of Education.
The school is expected to serve 550 students at capacity, with neighborhood kids getting the first chance to enroll, CPS said. Through a deal with the Chicago Park District, it will also share its pool and gym with the community. (The facilities were given a major renovation in 2011 through the ESPN Rise Up program.)
According to a CPS press release, "The Bronzeville Community Action Council recommended an arts program, along with a request for increased technology resources to equip students with 21st century skills, as part of the 2013 CPS Educational Facilities Master Plan."
Yet some felt that circumvented the request for proposals on the school CPS issued last December, which produced three competing concepts: the Dyett Global Leadership and Green Technology High School plan, another from Bronzeville's Little Black Pearl Art and Design Academy and a sports-oriented academic program submitted by former Dyett Principal Charles Campbell.
"Our objective was to make the decision that best meets our children's needs, and this plan creates the opportunity for a unique, world-class school on the South Side," Claypool said. "Working with community partners, we arrived at a solution that meets multiple needs: creating an open-enrollment neighborhood high school, producing an enrollment stream that can weather population changes, filling the critical demand for an arts high school on the South Side and working with education leaders to create a technology hub."
The announcement came at the end of raucous day of protests at City Hall over the fate of Dyett, on the 18th day of the hunger strike.
Dyett hunger striker Cathy Dale comforts a child who had a parent arrested Thursday at City Hall. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ted Cox
Dozens of new protesters joined several of the dozen Dyett hunger strikers at City Hall, where about 15 people were arrested for blocking elevators during a sit-in.
The day after Dyett protesters shut down one of Mayor Rahm Emanuel's citywide budget forums at the South Shore Cultural Center, well over 100 protesters backed the hunger strikers.
"Today, we sent a signal throughout the City of Chicago that we're not gonna take it," said Jawanza Malone, executive director of the Kenwood Oakland Community Organization, who had also led protesters onstage Wednesday night during one of three scheduled mayoral budget forums.
A DYETT HIGH SCHOOL SAGA EXPLAINER: HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Protesters massed first Thursday outside Emanuel's office on the fifth floor of City Hall to chant that they wanted the new Dyett High School recognized "Right now!"
"What happened last night, while it was a travesty, it needed to be done," Ramann said.
Ramann thanked the new protesters for joining their cause, and suggested that racism was behind CPS' refusal to readily accept the plan put forth by the Bronzeville-based Coalition to Revitalize Dyett High School.
Cook County Clerk David Orr was among those adding his support to the Dyett protesters Thursday. He said politicians were constantly complaining, "People don't participate," but then congratulated the protesters for their participation — only to be ignored by those very same politicians.
"It is people who have the power," Orr said outside the mayor's office.
Protesters then staged a sit-in for just over a half-hour on the ground floor of City Hall, first in silence, then with songs of protest. When some blocked elevators, they were warned by police, then arrested. A City Hall police sergeant estimated that about 15 were arrested.
In spite of the announcement, the Dyett protesters were expected to have a presence again at Thursday's budget forum at Wright Community College. Malone said the protests and the hunger strike would continue day by day until their demands are granted to have the plan for the Dyett Global Leadership and Green Technology High School accepted, and later in the day Ramann echoed that their resolve had not changed with the day's announcement.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
HOUSTON (Reuters) - Roughly a third of oil producers are at high risk of slipping into bankruptcy this year as low commodity prices crimp their access to cash and ability to cut debt, according to a study by Deloitte, the auditing and consulting firm.
A pump jack stands idle in Dewitt County, Texas January 13, 2016. REUTERS/Anna Driver
The report, based on a review of more than 500 publicly traded oil and natural gas exploration and production companies across the globe, highlights the deep unease permeating the energy sector as crude prices sit near their lowest levels in more than a decade, eroding margins, forcing budget cuts and thousands of layoffs.
The roughly 175 companies at risk of bankruptcy have more than $150 billion in debt, with the slipping value of secondary stock offerings and asset sales further hindering their ability to generate cash, Deloitte said in the report, released Tuesday.
“These companies have kicked the can down the road as long as they can and now they're in danger of kicking the bucket,” said William Snyder, head of corporate restructuring at Deloitte, in an interview. “It's all about liquidity.”
While 95 percent of oil producers can produce crude for less than $15 per barrel - a testament to cost savings and technological improvements since mid-2014 when only 65 percent of producers could produce near that level - that may not be enough for some, Deloitte found.
Producers are on track to slash budgets again this year, the first time that has happened consecutively since 2016, though many have said prices must rise further to boost profitability.
Some oil producers are also choosing to liquidate hedges for a quick infusion of cash, a risky bet.
“2016 is the year of hard decisions, where it will all come to a head,” John England, vice chairman of Deloitte, said in an interview.
The Deloitte study found that oilfield service providers, which provide staffing and equipment needed to drill wells, are filing for fewer bankruptcies than producers. That is likely due to the larger capital costs - and therefore debt - for producers, Deloitte found.
Of the 53 U.S. energy companies that filed for bankruptcy last quarter, only 14 were service providers, a trend that is expected to continue in the short term, Deloitte found.
“Service providers tend to be more of a people business with less capital deployed, so it's easier for them to financially flex,” Snyder said. “Eventually, though, they've got to run out of gas, too.”
Two brothers accused of beating a black teenager while patrolling an Orthodox Jewish neighborhood are set to go on trial Monday in a case with similarities to the Trayvon Martin shooting.
The brothers, who are white and Jewish, have claimed self-defense, saying the teen was holding a nail-studded board. Local civil rights activists hope the Martin case will draw more attention to what they believe was racial profiling by neighborhood watch vigilantes.
Eliyahu and Avi Werdesheim are accused of beating a 15-year-old boy who was walking through a Baltimore neighborhood in November 2010. The brothers pulled up next to the teen in a vehicle, then got out and "surrounded him," according to charging documents. The passenger threw the teen to the ground and the driver hit him in the head with a hand-held radio and patted him down.
The teen remembered the driver yelling, "You wanna [mess] with us, you don't belong around here, get outta here!" according to court documents, which do not identify which brother was driving.
While the teen struggled, a third man got out of a van and kneed the teen, pinning him to the ground. The teen told police that he stopped struggling and the third man continued to search him, while the teen insisted he didn't have anything on him.
RECOMMENDED: How 5 young black men see the Trayvon Martin case
Eliyahu Werdesheim told the Baltimore Jewish Times that he was acting in self-defense because the teen was holding the piece of wood. The teen picked up the board during the encounter, but put it back down, said J. Wyndal Gordon, an attorney for the teen's family. He said the family did not want to speak publically.
After the trio left, the teen called police and was taken to a hospital with a cut on the back of his head and a broken wrist, according to court documents. Using a photo book compiled by investigators, the teen later identified Eliyahu Werdesheim, now 24, as one of the men who assaulted him. He was arrested after about 10 days; his now 21-year-old brother was charged two months later.
The brothers are charged with second-degree assault, false imprisonment and carrying a deadly weapon (the hand-held radio). The pair face up to 13 years in prison if convicted on all three counts. A third man, identified in a lawsuit brought by the teen's family as Ronald Rosenbluth, does not face charges.
Police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said investigators don't believe Rosenbluth was involved in the beating. Rosenbluth said he doesn't believe there was a third person and he was only called to the scene after the incident.
Law enforcement officials emphasize that neighborhood watchers' responsibility is to report crime, and leave interventions to police. Most follow the rules, and confrontations are rare.
"We owe a lot of our success to communities that have stepped up and partnered with police. They help us out," Guglielmi said. "But when they step too far, we have to hold people accountable."
In the Florida case, authorities charged neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman this month with second-degree murder in Martin's death Feb. 26. Zimmerman claims self-defense, but Martin's family claims he targeted Martin mainly because he was black. Zimmerman's father is white and his mother Hispanic.
It's unusual to have a trial in which the allegations mirror a case so prominent in the news, said Steven Levin, a former federal prosecutor.
"Since the Trayvon Martin case, people cannot help but think about that case and draw comparisons, whether they are fair or not," he said.
In the Werdesheim case, the six trial postponements could significantly hinder the defense's case, Levin said. However, the charges against Zimmerman since the last postponement may mean jurors won't feel that they need to somehow set things right through the case they are deciding.
Eliyahu Werdesheim was suspended from the neighborhood group while Avi was never a member, according to Nathan Willner, general counsel for Shomrim of Baltimore, a group that patrols neighborhoods with a large concentration of Jewish residents and institutions in the Baltimore area. Shomrim, which is Hebrew for guard, has about 30 volunteers, unarmed responders. It was founded in 2005 to provide security and gather information for police, Willner said.
While the case has not garnered the attention the Martin shooting has, Cortly C.D. Witherspoon, president of the local chapter of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, has organized protests outside the courthouse during court hearings and has been frustrated by the postponements.
"We feel that justice should have been served long ago. I would contend that the urgency for justice [in this case] is affected by the Trayvon Martin case because of the similarities," he said.
Members of the area's Jewish community also rallied outside the courthouse when the brothers appeared in court to enter not guilty pleas in February. Jakob Lurman, the owner of a barbershop, was among them.
"I have a business in the community. Shomrim do good work," Lurman said. "I don't know what happened in that case, but I wanted to show support."
Jewish neighborhood watch groups in New York City have faced accusations of unnecessary force against blacks, creating tensions between the Jewish and black communities. That hasn't yet happened in Baltimore, according to the Rev. Alvin Gwynn Sr., president of the Interdenominational Ministerial Alliance. The organization of predominantly black clergy met with leaders of the area's Jewish community to keep relationships between the two communities strong.
"We were already working with them when this came up," Gwynn said. "It hasn't done much damage yet."
Baltimore is a city that's 64 percent black, and the jury will likely have eight or nine black members. So race will be a factor, said University of Baltimore School of Law professor and practicing attorney Byron Warnken.
"What the defense has to do is completely downplay that," he said, and show the force was necessary to prevent a crime.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Susan Green, an attorney for Avi Werdesheim, said last month that she hoped the media coverage would not create an atmosphere that would make it difficult for her client, but declined to comment further. The attorney for Eliyahu Werdesheim did not return calls for comment.
RECOMMENDED: How 5 young black men see the Trayvon Martin case
705 SHARES Facebook Twitter
That's right. Thanks to the cup of Christ that Indy drank from in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, he's gained some durability. Some would even go as far to say that Indy might even be immortal. The important thing to remember here is that these are just theories, and that nothing has been confirmed. All of this talk originates from none other than the center of the internet, Reddit. In a post originally titled, “Who are you shocked isn't dead yet?” a Redditor replied with Indiana Jones. His reason was simple, “Well he did drink from the cup of Christ. He might not have been granted eternal life, but I think it helped him survive other things. That's the only way I can rationalize the fridge.”
Source: Slashfilm
Related
705 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Category: Film
The day after London won the Olympic bid, terrorists attacked the public transport network killing 52 people and injuring over 700. Seven years later, as the eyes of the world are once again focused on the capital, '7/7: One Day in London' gathers the testimony of over 50 people directly affected by the bombings, exploring the long lasting effects as they reflect on their experiences and how their lives have changed.
After the conclusion of the public inquest in 2011, a multitude of previously untold stories emerged of the bravery, difficulties and horror that people experienced on that day in 2005; many of these have been included in this film as well as testimony from people who have never spoken publically before. This is an ambitious retelling of the story of what happened on that day, with contributions from commuters, emergency service workers, TFL staff and families of victims. With enormous compassion for one another, ordinary people tell extraordinary stories of the day when they were thrown together, and their struggle to cope in the wake of the blasts that shook London.
ROWE: In 2014, Nic Pizzolatto, a University of Arkansas MFA grad that could do no wrong, based his series “True Detective” in his home state of Louisiana. I heard or read somewhere that he originally planned on setting it in Arkansas, but he went with "Lovecraft's in Louisiana" in season one and won goodwill from critics and viewers, and went with "Bilderberg's in Coastal California" in season two, apparently ruining all that goodwill. Arkansas was the perfect setting for these kinds of stories all along, as there's a real moment in the late '70s and early '80s where Arkansas was full of weird cults and hypermasculinity. So this week, on the behalf of Millennial Americans and those with a short memory, here's a primer.
BRASHER: Arkansas, particularly the Ozarks region, has been home to fringe tribalistic wild kooks at least since the first Europeans set foot in the state, and probably even before it was a state. There were religious groups like The Harmonial Vegetarian Society in mid-1800s Benton County with their unrealized plan for a “hydro-electrical healing institute.” (Not sure how that would work.) And there were armed factions like the Bushwhackers and Baldknobbers of southern Missouri and northern Arkansas; they all got quite piped up in the late 1800s. Things really got cooking though in the 1980s though. Let's check it out, tin foil hat strictly optional.
The Covenant, the Sword and the Arm of the Lord
BRASHER: In the '70s a group of white supremacist religious men decided to meet in private to discuss their plans to bring forth disaster and ruin upon the state, and that was just the Arkansas legislature. Meanwhile in the Ozarks, a different kind of ruin was a brewing, some politically-right-of-the-spectrum ex cons with a penchant for guns and an aversion to minorities were cooking up trouble.
click to enlarge The Covenant and the Sword, not to be mistaken for The Covenant Sword, which is the best weapon in Halo 2.
ROWE: The Covenant, The Sword and the Arm of the Lord was founded by James Ellison, who had been mentored in prison by leaders in the white supremacist movement. Federal prison is like the LinkedIn of criminal and terrorist organizations, and Ellison used his connections to build one of the most-armed domestic terrorist groups in the country at the time.
BRASHER: They had a northern Arkansas compound in Marion County for a while called Zarephath-Horeb aka The Farm, but this is one CSA that was doing anything but Community Supported Agriculture.
ROWE: In 1985, the feds raided the CSA compound on April 19, a day that is a dogwhistle to conspiracy theorists. A year earlier, a CSA member had been convicted for the deaths of two, including an Arkansas state trooper, and the FBI had pegged the CSA compound as a headquarters for more potential violence. Sharpshooters and SWAT members entered a standoff.
BRASHER: Asa Hutchinson donned his best bulletproof negotiating vest, entered the compound, and told a bunch of racist armed white guys that they had gone too far, which is like the least Republican thing anyone could do.
ROWE: You'd think that a photo of U.S. Attorney Hutchinson, snug in flak jacket and triumphant over domestic terrorism would be used in almost every political campaign since. However, the CSA and its legacy is so tied in to hate crimes and domestic terrorism and all that, no one would want any part of it, even if on the side of peaceful resolution.
Foundation of Ubiquity
BRASHER: We talk a lot about resurrection from the dead here in the blog, but we haven't tried hijacking a Trailways bus in northern Arkansas in pursuit of that goal, and it's probably for the best, because last time that happened around here didn't work out so well for anyone involved.
ROWE: When did the term “suicide by police” enter the language? There's a good chance people got acclimated with it on July 4, 1982, when Keith and Kate Haigler hijacked a bus in Jasper, then demanded police kill them as part of a cult ceremony that would have them rise from the dead three days later. Keith, also known as Baby FOU, and Kate, Kate FOU, were followers of Emory Lamb, a man they called "FOU" and believed was Jesus Christ. Lamb told a reporter for UPI the day of the hijacking that he considered the two his children, and had mixed feelings about their death. ''In my mind, he is still well,'' Mr. Lamb said. ''I know that he isn't going to walk in the door there and say, 'Hi, Dad.' But he's all right.'' A day later, Lamb told the UPI “It's possible they will come back, and it's possible they won't. It doesn't matter as far as I'm concerned,” Lamb also said that while he was not sure if the Haiglers would be resurrected, he was confident that he would have been resurrected if it had been him who was shot. That's some good charisma. The UPI also notes that Lamb had about 60 followers in Jasper.
click to enlarge Keith and Kate Fou, looking like badass rockers born to die, which unfortunately they did like an hour later.
BRASHER: If you want to get a fuller story I suggest reading Taylor Alison's series of articles in the Harrison Daily Times. Emory Lamb is the best cult leader name ever; it sounds like an anagram that turns out to be a clue for the FBI. In reality unfortunately it is just an anagram for “My Lame Bro.”
End Time Handmaidens
BRASHER: In case you thought apocalyptic Christianity in small town Arkansas was just a man's game, Gwen Shaw is here to prove you wrong. This lady broke the glass ceiling for white haired evangelical ladies everywhere with her outfit: The End Time Handmaidens and Servants. There must be something in the water because these folks also hail from the home of FOU: Jasper.
ROWE: Must have been the neighboring Dogpatch, USA theme park, dumping tons of deadly Kickapoo Joy Juice into the water supply. Note that Dogpatch, USA, was spending advertising dollars trying to entice families from across the country to vacation in a wilderness surrounded by domestic terrorist groups, hell bent on the Apocalypse. They should have taken a page from Branson, who took the Bald Knobbers name, once used describe the groups of masked vigilantes and murderers in the area, and turned it into a song and dance show, a roller coaster and a Mecca for people who long for the good-old-days without acknowledging how miserable those days were for most everyone else.
BRASHER: Gwen Shaw ministered all over the world apparently followed by what its website calls “Holy Ghost fire, signs, and wonders.” I don't know what Holy Ghost fire is but keep it away from piles of oily rags because it sounds dangerous.
ROWE: I'll bet you Shaw-friend Benny Hinn could tell you all about it.
BRASHER: Mandakaladoboshoto Obobabasacta to that. They call their headquarters outside of Jasper: Engeltal which is a German abbreviation for "Ensconced in Gelatin." Just kidding, it has something to do with angels. They seem to really like angels. Angels are their main angle actually. Getting into their club involves a 21 day fast, which is totally not a culty thing to have prospective followers do in any way. Gwen Shaw actually died in 2013, but the Handmaidens live on and seem to have a pretty substantial reach, by whic I mean they have a Facebook page and stuff. Despite the apocalyptic end-time moniker this bunch seems pretty tame to me. I watched some of their YouTube videos and it seems like pretty run of the mill Christian evangelism; however, if you have a minute and you want to hear someone level charges of Necromancy against them (which is the best charge to level against anyone btw) you can check this link out.
Don La Rose AKA Ken Williams
BRASHER: Quick quiz: How many former mayors of Centerton lived under a fake name for 27 years and claimed to be abducted and brainwashed by Satan worshippers? If you guessed one, you are correct. To be perfectly fair, he came to Arkansas to get away from a cult which is a new one.
ROWE: This whole story is wacky, but he must have really wanted to get away from his family. Ken Williams was a big hit on KURM radio when he came to Arkansas, which shouldn't be a surprise to anyone familiar with the station's best show “Dial-A-Trade.”
Tony Alamo
ROWE: If you have owned a car for over 15 years in Arkansas, chances are a Tony Alamo newsletter has been placed under your windshield wiper. These newsletters, full of crazy anti-IRS, anti-Catholic diatribes, always seemed to materialize out of thin air. Alamo moved to Arkansas, where his wife was from, in the '70s, and started his empire, mostly on the free labor of his believers.
click to enlarge Eat this steak in one hour and it's free! If you fail, you are now our unpaid employee.
BRASHER: Like all great cult leaders Tony Alamo has a long and impressive list of completely unverified accomplishments and celebrity connections. One of his claims to fame is to allegedly have written a song called “Little Yankee Girl” under the name Marcus Abad. It's not too bad a song really, but as history has proven: There's a slippery slope, and if you slide on it, it can dump you out on the other side, the other side of the fine line between mediocre artist and fanatical megalomaniac cult leader.
ROWE: We could talk about how crazy this dude is, about how he refused to give up his dead wife's body because it was interred in a glass casket, or about how he ran a restaurant on the western border of Arkansas using cult labor, which may have had the weakest worker union in Arkansas, which is really saying something. This People magazine article from 1983 is a good primer on that, and it's written in the style of People, so it's a great read with a completely out-of-place tone. I should also mention the child abuse, the sexual abuse, the child sexual abuse and the forced labor and the tax evasion that Alamo has been convicted of, so you don't think this is all just kooky. That said, I want to focus on this one aspect, explained wonderfully in this 1989 LA Times article written by Hector Tobar: “Fugitive Cult Leader Alamo Sells Chic Jackets on the Run.”
The sequined jackets—painted with airbrushed images of the New York skyline, Hollywood and Rodeo Drive—are among the hottest items in the Los Angeles fashion market. Fashion industry insiders say annual sales of sequined jackets by "Tony Alamo of Nashville" total anywhere from $500,000 to $1 million.
"He makes jackets for all the stars," said Shirley Blenner, a saleswoman at Twist, a boutique on Melrose Avenue where three Alamo jackets were on sale last week for prices ranging from $360 to $680. Blenner pointed to a display of photographs behind the cash register of Mr. T., Mike Tyson, Hulk Hogan and Dolly Parton, all wearing what appear to be Alamo-designed jackets.
"The clothing is so groovy, everyone wants it no matter what they think I am," Alamo said in a telephone interview from an undisclosed location. "No matter what, the superstars are going to want my jackets."
Alamo said he designs the jackets himself, using a fax machine to send in sketches from his hide-outs. "Everything I do is a work of art," Alamo said. "I do the designs wherever I'm at."
click to enlarge Denim, Hollywood, best of both worlds?
BRASHER: Holy moly, these denim jackets look like someone on an all metal stud and glitter diet just puked all over them. You will never get through a TSA checkpoint with any of this stuff on, but such is the price of extravagance. Tony Alamo, the extravagant, elegant, man as he was, once even had a heart shaped pool on his compound. You can still see it on Google Maps.
ROWE: The FBI was hot on his trail and his designs are hot, hot, hot! And here's some copy from a clueless retailer in 2013, selling some Alamo pieces online:
“Tony Alamo is known for his extravagant jeweled embellishments & his pieces are known world wide. His collection of jean jackets have been worn by the iconic stars such as Michael Jackson, Madonna, and Elvis Presley. Today, known stars like Nicki Minaj and Miley Cyrus have been enamored by vintage collectibles and have been spotted wearing his pieces. These jackets are hard-to-find items and we're lucky to be able to sell his pieces here at [STORE NAME]!”
Welp.
BRASHER: I mean, I get all my best gear at [STORE NAME], wait that's what the kids are calling Savers now, right? I'm not gonna lie if I saw any of those jackets in a thrift store I would snap it up quick, put it right back on eBay.
BTS performs at KCON 2016 Day 2 at the Prudential Center on June 25, 2016 in Newark, N.J.
Korean pop group BTS is set to perform at the first ever KCON festival held in Mexico City on March 17 and 18. The chart-topping band joins several other male vocal groups confirmed to take the stage, including Astro and MonstaX.
Since their debut in 2013, the seven-member boy band has released two full-length albums and seven EPs in Korea. Their latest album Wings debuted at No. 26 on the Billboard 200 in October of 2016, setting a new U.S. record for the highest peak on the chart for a K-pop album.
Mexico City will be KCON's first Latin American stop. The fest, billed as "the world's largest Korean culture and K-Pop music festival," launched in 2012 and already has editions in the U.S., France, Japan and United Arab Emirates.
"Bringing the celebration to Mexico City is the next logical stop for KCON and we are looking forward to connecting fans in Mexico with unprecedented access to their K-pop idols, and engagement with other young people from the region," Angela Killoren, COO, CJ E&M America, said in a previous statement.
Tickets to the music fest in Mexico City will be gone on sale Feb. 7.
By Kevin Daley
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told Leslie Stahl on “60 Minutes” that his ban on immigration from countries with high instances of terror is more important than any constitutional issues the policy may raise.
Stahl asked Trump whether his initial proposal to restrict Muslim immigrants ran afoul of the Constitution's First and Fourteenth Amendments. Trump countered that constitutional concerns could be allayed by banning immigration from specific locales, as opposed to pursuing a blanket ban on Muslims. He then explained that the Constitution might take a back seat to his policy priorities.
“So you call it territories. OK? We're going to do territories. We're going to not let people come in from Syria that nobody knows who they are,” Trump said. “The Constitution, there's nothing like it,” he continued. “But it doesn't necessarily give us the right to commit suicide, as a country, OK?”
Comparing the Constitution to a suicide pact has an extensive history in liberal jurisprudence. Dissenting in Terminiello v. Chicago in 1949, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson warned against approaching the Constitution as a suicide pact whose provisions could never be violated.
“The choice is not between order and liberty,” he wrote. “It is between liberty with order and anarchy without either. There is danger that, if the Court does not temper its doctrinaire logic with a little practical wisdom, it will convert the constitutional Bill of Rights into a suicide pact.”
Justice Arthur Goldberg, one of the most liberal jurists in the history of the Supreme Court, invoked the phrase in 1963, writing the Court's opinion in Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez. “The powers of Congress to require military service for the common defense are broad and far-reaching, for while the Constitution protects against invasions of individual rights, it is not a suicide pact,” his opinion read.
Judge Richard Posner of the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, who recently apologized for suggesting that federal judges need not study the Constitution, published a book in 2006 called “Not a Suicide Pact: The Constitution in a Time of National Emergency.” (RELATED: Federal Judge: We Shouldn't Spend One Second Studying The Constitution)
Trump recently ran into trouble for defending articles of the Constitution that don't exist. At a meeting with House Republicans, Trump was asked a question about Article I powers, or powers belonging to Congress. Trump reportedly responded by saying “I want to protect Article I, Article II, Article XII, go down the list.”
There is no Article XII to the Constitution.
“What we're left with is a Faustian choice between malfeasance and very callous disregard for details,” South Carolina Rep. Mark Sanford said after the meeting.
Follow Kevin on Twitter
Send tips to kevin@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Click here for reuse options! Copyright 2016 Daily Caller News Foundation
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Want to keep up to date with all my lastest articles and tip?
Asp.Net Repeater Control displays a list of data fetched from various available sources such as the Database, an XML file or files fetched from a folder. This container resembles the GridView control in many ways, particularly the data binding part.
Updated: I have now added <HeaderTemplate> and <AlternatingItemTemplate> in the example. In-addition, I have fixed a bug related to the placing of the <table> markup in the repeater example.
Here, in this article I am going to show you how to use an Asp.Net Repeater control for fetching files from a folder and display it on a web page. It is very simple.
The Repeater control has five different templates for various purposes. Each template has its own functionality and described below.
01) <HeaderTemplate> </HeaderTemplate>: This is the first element, which will display the Header for the list of values and displayed only once.
02) <ItemTemplate> </ItemTemplate>: The actual list of data fetched from the source will be repeatedly displayed by the ItemTemplate element.
03) <AlternatingItemTemplate> </AlternatingItemTemplate>: Add this element immediately after the ItemTemplate. It also shows data repeatedly as the alternative row in the list of elements.
04) <SeparatorTemplate> </SeparatorTemplate>: This element will show a separator between each row of data, like a horizontal line.
05) <FooterTemplate> </FooterTemplate>: Finally, the footer of the list and like the header template, this element will also show up just once as the footer of the entire list.
To begin with, we will add an <ItemTemplate> inside an Ajax UpdatePanel. In addition, we need a Button and Label. The UpdatePanel will prevent the entire page from refreshing, when we click the button to make a call at the server.
Related:
Start Visual Studio and create a New Website in your choosen language (C# or Vb). In the project folder, create a new folder called Misc Files and add few files in it. We will fetch the files from this folder and display using Repearter control.
In the design mode click the Toolbox button to show a list of controls. First drag and drop the ScriptManager control from the Ajax Extention on the web page followed by the UpdatePanel control. The UpdatePanel control won't work till you add the ScriptManger control.
Drag and drop a Button control followed by the Repeater control inside the UpdatePanel control. The Repeater control will be found inside Data in the Toolbox.
Repeater with <HeaderTemplate>, <ItemTemplate> and <AlternatingItemTemplate> element
<!DOCTYPE html> <html> <head> <title>Showing List of Files with Asp.Net Repeater Control</title> </head> <body> <form id="form1" runat="server"> <div style="font:13px Verdana;width:300px;"> <asp:ScriptManager ID="scriptManager" runat="server" EnablePageMethods="true" /> <asp:UpdatePanel ID="UpdatePanel1" runat="server" UpdateMode="Conditional"> <ContentTemplate> <h3>Showing a List of Files using Asp.Net Repeater Control</h3> <asp:Repeater id="rep" runat="server"> <HeaderTemplate> <table border="0" width="200px"> </HeaderTemplate> <ItemTemplate> <tr> <td style="padding:2px; border:solid 1px #CCC;"> <asp:Label Text='<%# Container.DataItem.ToString() %>' runat="server"></asp:Label> </td> </tr> </ItemTemplate> <AlternatingItemTemplate> <tr> <td style="padding:2px; border:solid 1px #CCC; background:#EAF7FB; width:200px;"> <asp:Label Text='<%# Container.DataItem.ToString() %>' runat="server"></asp:Label> </td> </tr> </AlternatingItemTemplate> <FooterTemplate> </table> <div style="padding:20px 0;"> <asp:Label ID="lblFoot" runat="server"></asp:Label> </div> </FooterTemplate> </asp:Repeater> <asp:Button ID="btVF" Text="View Files" AutoPostBack="true" OnClick="Show" Font-Names="Georgia" Font-Italic="true" Font-Size="150%" runat="server" /> </ContentTemplate> <Triggers> <asp:AsyncPostBackTrigger ControlID="btVF" /> </Triggers> </asp:UpdatePanel> </div> </form> </body> </html>
Also Read:
In the above design we are using an Asp.Net Label control to show the files. The Repeater control's DataItem or simply the “items”, will be assigned to the Label's text.
Note: Add using System.IO; namespace in the beginning for C# code and Imports System.IO for Vb.Net code.
C#
using System; using System.Collections.Generic; using System.Linq; using System.Web; using System.Web.UI; using System.Web.UI.WebControls; using System.IO; public partial class _Default : System.Web.UI.Page { protected void Page_Load(object sender, EventArgs e) {} protected void Show (object sender, EventArgs e) { DirectoryInfo Fold = new DirectoryInfo(Server.MapPath("Misc Files\\")); FileInfo[] fileList = Fold.GetFiles("*.*"); rep.DataSource = fileList; rep.DataBind(); } }
Vb.Net
Option Explicit On Imports System.IO Partial Class _Default Inherits System.Web.UI.Page Protected Sub Show (ByVal sender As Object, ByVal args As EventArgs) Dim Fold As New DirectoryInfo (Server.MapPath("Misc Files\")) Dim fileList As FileInfo() = Fold.GetFiles("*.*") rep.DataSource = fileList rep.DataBind() End Sub End Class
Repeater with <HeaderTemplate> element
Add the <HeaderTemplate> element just above the <ItemTemplate>
<HeaderTemplate> <div style="padding-bottom:10px"><strong>Misc. Files</strong> (Header)</div> </HeaderTemplate>
Repeater with <AlternatingTemplate> element
Adding the <AlternatingTemplate> below the <ItemTemplate> will show files with a different background color for every alternate row.
<AlternatingItemTemplate> <div style="padding:2px; border:solid 1px #CCC; background:#EAF7FB"> <asp:Label Text='<%# Container.DataItem.ToString() %>' runat="server"></asp:Label> </div> </AlternatingItemTemplate>
Repeater with <SeperatorTemplate> element
However, we do not need any separator with the Repeater Control for our demo, (as we have defined borders for each row), we will just show you how to use it inside the control. Just add the <SeperatorTemplate> element below either the <ItemTemplate> or the <AlternatingItemTemplate>. It is up to you.
</AlternatingItemTemplate> <SeparatorTemplate><hr /></SeparatorTemplate>
Repeater with <FooterTemplate> element
We will show the total count of items at the end of the list. Therefore, the <FooterTemplate> will be an ideal choice to display total number files fetched from the folder.
Just add the <FooterTemplate> inside the Repeater control.
<FooterTemplate> <div style="padding-top:10px"><asp:Label ID="lblFoot" runat="server"></asp:Label></div> </FooterTemplate>
To make the <FooterTemplate> to show the total file count, add the below code inside the Show procedure that we have shown above.
Code Behind (C#)
Control ft = rep.Controls[rep.Controls.Count - 1].Controls[0]; Label lblFooter = ft.FindControl("lblFoot") as Label; lblFooter.Text = "Showing total <b>" + fileList.Length + "</b> files in the Footer.";
Vb.Nets
Dim ft As Control = rep.Controls(rep.Controls.Count - 1).Controls(0) Dim lblFooter As Label = TryCast(ft.FindControl("lblFoot"), Label) lblFooter.Text = "Showing total <b>" & fileList.Length & "</b> files in the Footer."
Thanks for reading
Previous - How to Do Multiple File Upload in Asp.NetNext - Export Data to Excel using Asp.Net DataTable and DataGrid – C# and VB
Like this Article? Subscribe now, and get all the latest articles and tips, right in your inbox. Enter your email id Delivered by FeedBurner
Related Posts:
Education minister rejects Queensland principal's claims that if her school lost Gonski funding it would lose valuable staff
Gonski funding: let defence try to raise funds with chook raffles, says principal
The education minister, Simon Birmingham, has rejected claims by a Queensland principal that casual teachers funded under the Gonski program at a Townsville primary school may not receive new contracts.
Bill Shorten makes education a priority as Labor 'underdogs' hit campaign trail Read more
The Heatley school principal, Louise Wilkinson, said she was not certain of the Gonski funding allocation and the positions of teachers and teachers aides employed using the money were in doubt.
But Birmingham said Queensland state Labor was the only government in Queensland responsible for hiring or firing teachers. “If students are going to miss out, which they should not, it will be because of decisions made by local education minister Kate Jones and the Palaszczuk Labor government,” the minister said.
“We will build on the existing record base for federal funding, which will grow from $16bn in 2016 to $20.1bn in 2020. Our growth means there's no reason schools won't be able to continue to support teachers and new or existing initiatives, such as specialist teachers or targeted intervention programs.”
“If a government school receives a cut in funding, the blame squarely falls at the feet of Ms Jones, who has complete autonomy over how much each school receives and, most importantly, how it is used.”
Wilkinson suggested the defence department, rather than schools, should be required to raise funds by running chook raffles and selling tea towels.
She made the remarks after she hosted the opposition leader, Bill Shorten, and Labor's education spokeswoman, Kate Ellis, to discuss the party's education policy.
The school is in the seat of Herbert, now held by the LNP's Ewen Jones on a margin of 6.2%.
Wilkinson said she was still not 100% certain of the Gonski funding allocation next year for her school, whose student population is one-third Indigenous students and which also has a high proportion of special needs children.
She told Guardian Australia the current Gonski funding – $300,000 for 620 students – was used to employ three teachers and 15 teachers' aides. The allocation, she said, provided “real progress” for the school.
But the extra teachers and aides are all on casual contracts because the Gonski funding has been a point of difference between the two major parties. When the agreements were signed under the Gillard Labor government, the former state government under Campbell Newman refused to sign the deal.
“Because it's about dollars, and dollars are allegedly short, it's about a suite of competing priorities and I would argue ... that it's about time defence did some chook raffles and sold tea towels,” said Wilkinson.
“My theory – and this is why I have stayed in education for over 30 years – I believe if we had better educated people and more active citizens then we might have less violence and less need for all the patch-ups that occur.”
Wilkinson agreed there could be better “efficiencies” in education spending, but said in her school and region, the funding had delivered real improvement.
“While we are not the lowest [socio-demographic school] in our region we are certainly one of the lower schools in Townsville, so with that comes a complexity and a challenge. But with additional funding, we can move mountains,” Wilkinson said.
“We are making real progress because of our sharp and narrow focus and we're really channelling the resources that we do have, but more is welcome.”
On Tuesday Labor released a breakdown of the funding, promised for 2018-19 – the last two years of the six-year Gonski agreements signed up under Gillard. The document sets out the difference between what the Coalition promised ($1.2bn over 2018-19) and what Labor promised ($4.5bn over 2018-20). It is then broken down for all the electorates in Australia. For example, Labor claims in the seat of Herbert it would provide $48m more than the Coalition in Gonski funding.
The education minister, Simon Birmingham, said Labor did not appear to understand how the funding model worked.
Hopes dashed by Coalition decision to dump Gonski school funding model Read more
“Quite simply, the federal government pays lump sums to states and territories and nongovernment organisations to distribute as they see fit and based on their own funding models,” the minister said. “Contrary to what is implied in his announcement today, Bill Shorten would have no say in how money is allocated to each school.
“Not only does Labor have no say in how funding is distributed among individual schools, but they will continue a model riddled with inconsistencies in funding between the states, territories and nongovernment systems.”
No matter who wins the election, the next government will have to renegotiate funding deals with the states. Those agreements will set out the conditions of the funding allocations.
Shorten was asked how he could guarantee that the states would pass on the Gonski funds rather than pocketing the extra money – given Queensland, Western Australia and the Northern Territory did not sign up to the original agreements that forced the other states to contribute to the Gonski formula.
Campaign catchup: deal or no deal with the Greens? Read more
“There's been a change in the government of Queensland,” Shorten said.
“Campbell Newman, who was remarkably belligerent in his negotiations with us – but fair enough, I think that was his modus operandi – the government's changed.
“Annastacia Palaszczuk and her team will sit down because they prioritise school funding. But they know a great school like this in Townsville needs resources. The commonwealth has a role in education.”
The office of the Queensland education minister, Kate Jones, was contacted for comment.
Two historical papers reveal divide and conquer strategies by Meiji Government after Ryukyu Kingdom annexation
June 11, 2015 Tsuyoshi Arakaki of Ryukyu Shimpo
On June 10, two Meiji Government documents regarding “the Ryukyu Disposal,” an annexation of the Ryukyu Kingdom by Japan in 1879, were found. One of the documents revealed three strategies used to deal with strong resistance by the former Ryukyuan warrior class. A leading official of the Home Ministry proposed these strategies on April 9 1879, only five days after the abolition of the Han system and its replacement by the prefecture system. The other document is an original record of the first Prime Minister Hirobumi Ito strongly criticizing the first Governor of Okinawa Prefecture Naosugi Nabeshima, who was suppressing the resistance with a “tolerance and suppression” strategy. Ito ordered Nabeshima to take stronger measures.
The two archives, signed by the Home Ministry, are about two and a half pages long in total. They belong to the Prefectural Archive, which was interviewed by the Ryukyu Shimpo. The interview revealed that these archival documents are newly discovered. One of the experts described the archives as “very precious” because they reveal the actual conditions of the Ryukyu Disposal.
One is a document submitted with a report on April 9, 1879 by Kagetaka Matano to Seichiro Kinashi and Michiyuki Matsuda, who occupied the Shuri Castle. In order to mitigate the Ryukyuan resistance against the new prefectural government, the document suggested dividing the warrior class by getting the former King Shotai to sack local Shuri government officers and replace them with people selected by the new prefectural government. The government later implemented this strategy.
The other is a document sent from then Prime Minister Ito and Governor Nabeshima on October 8, 1879. In August of the same year, the new Okinawa Prefectural Government arrested and tortured more than 100 people from the former warrior class. In September, two former ministers who expressed “obedience” to the new government were hired as advisors for the prefecture. Regarding that, Ito warned by writing, “Do not believe them.” He ordered to interrogate them strictly. The Hara Tadayuki Collection at the University of the Ryukyus Library has a document containing the same contents and the signature of “Okinawa Prefecture.” The document found this time seems to be the original copy.
Kiko Nishizato, professor emeritus of the University of the Ryukyus, said, “The Meiji Government and the Okinawa Prefectural Government worked together on a “carrot and stick” policy towards the local population. While Prime Minister Ito focused on punishment (the stick), Nabeshima offered reward (the carrot) and this strategy divided the Ryukyuan society.” Nishizato explained how, “They carefully built up a network of insiders who would support the prefectural government.” Seitoku Kinjo, professor emeritus of the University of the Ryukyus stressed, “I knew about Ito's document with the Okinawa Prefectural letterhead, but I did not know the Home Ministry had the original. The contents are almost the same. The discovery of the original document is precious.”
The late Masayasu Matsuoka, who served as a leading administrator in Okinawa from 1964 to 1968 under the U.S. military administration, came into possession of these two documents in Kyushu, when a person, who identified as “a descendant of Satsuma,” came forward with them. Then, Matsuoka's family members donated them to the Prefectural Archives in 1976.
(English translation by T&CT and Megumi Chibana)
Go to Japanese
Previous Article:Next Article:
2015 has been the best year for Glasgow Airport in its history regarding the number of passengers that have passed its gates. During the last 12 months, more than 8.7 million people have travelled through the airport, which means an annual increase of 13% compared to the previous period (over one million additional passengers).
The most exciting detail about the month-on-month passenger increase throughout last year is that the statistics confirmed all predictions that 2015 was going to hit record levels. In addition, Glasgow Airport has achieved to register its fifth year of growth in succession, so that passenger levels have returned to those of pre-recession.
A fact that has surely helped to achieve this new record has been the 30 new routes and services that the airport announced over the past year, which have reinforced its connections with the most important cities in the rest of Europe and consolidated its position as the main airport in Scotland. These new routes have encouraged both international and national traffic (16.8% and 9% respectively). In addition, the airport trade body ACI Europe has listed Glasgow Airport as one of the fastest growing airports in the continent.
It is important to highlight that almost 570,000 passengers crossed the doors of this airport in December 2015, which means an increase of 10.1% (compared to 2014) and the busiest ever December. During this time, the national traffic increased by 5.3% and international traffic by 16.4%.
Amanda McMillan, managing director of Glasgow Airport, said: “2015 was exceptional in so many respects and we start our golden anniversary year in an incredibly strong position. Welcoming an additional one million passengers through our doors last year was a huge accomplishment, but by far the most pleasing aspect was the extent to which we bolstered our connections to European cities such as Budapest, Prague, Milan and Bucharest. 2016 marks the airport's 50th anniversary and we are determined to ensure this year makes the history books. Over the coming months we will welcome two major flag carriers in the form of Air Canada Rouge and Air France, and a new service to Montreal will commence with Air Transat. With these airlines, and others, coming on board we anticipate that 2016 will be our busiest year ever – topping nine million passengers for the first time in our history and putting us on a trajectory towards 10 million. As well as developing our growing route network, we will also continue to invest in our terminal and facilities in 2016 and will shortly unveil details of our terminal redevelopment plan.”
In 2016, Glasgow Airport celebrates its 50th anniversary and hopefully, at the end of this year, the figures regarding passengers will surpass those of this year yet again!
The gold medal. A monumental achievement for any competitor, something an athlete can spend a lifetime chasing. For Kayla Harrison, who has won two, the gold is only one chapter of her story.
Harrison, 26, won her second gold medal in women's judo at the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Shortly after, the Massachusetts judoka retired from competing.
"I've had an amazing career,” Harrison said in an exclusive interview with Fight Sports. “I'm very proud of everything I've been able to accomplish on the mat and off of it so far in my life. The last four years of my competitive career have been the hardest, and it's much harder to stay on top than it is to get to the top. To put my body and my mind through that again is just asking too much.”
While her competitive judo days are over, Harrison still plans to make a mark in the judo community. She was recently promoted to the rank of rokugan, or sixth-degree black belt, a rare honor for someone of her age. The ranking means she is qualified to teach and spread her own knowledge of the sport to others.
"I want to share my passion for the sport,” Harrison said. “I want to give back to it what it's given to me all throughout the years. I'm sure it's probably a little controversial to some people, promoting someone so young to a rank like this, but I'm looking forward to proving to all of them that I'm ready for it.”
Photo Credit: (Paul Sancya / Associated Press)
The Olympian will be switching gears when it comes to her training, as she plans on taking up jiu-jitsu at her teammate Travis Stevens' gym in Massachusetts. Stevens, who won a silver medal in judo at the Rio Olympics, is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu and proof of the potential for crossover success in martial arts. Harrison also has developed a friendship with jiu-jitsu legend Renzo Gracie, which further inspired her to dive into a new martial art.
"It's going to be a lot easier on my body than judo is,” Harrison said. “I think jiu-jitsu is gonna be a great way for me to stay in shape, to still do a combat sport, to use the tools that I already have, but to have fun with it. I don't plan on competing or anything, I just plan on getting out there and learning something new.”
When a young athlete of Harrison's pedigree transitions from one martial art to another, there is one question that hangs over their head until it is answered with certitude: What about mixed-martial arts?
Harrison, who comes from the same background as the most successful female fighter in history, has received numerous offers from MMA organizations. Though she has her reservations about the sport, Harrison has not ruled it out.
"I haven't closed the door on it at all. In fact, there's still discussions pretty much daily about whether or not I'm going to do it, or want to do it, or if I could be any good at it. But for me, I have to do a lot of soul-searching. I'm not ready to commit myself to something like that just yet.”
Harrison left competitive judo in part because of the toll the sport took on her body, a toll that would be amplified if she entered the world of cagefighting. If she was to pursue a career in MMA, she would have to prepare herself mentally as well as physically.
“I've had a lot of injuries, I've put my body through the ringer this past 20 years," Harrison said. "So I don't know, I haven't really made a decision. There's still offers and I'm still considering it. For now, I'm just gonna do some soul-searching.”
Photo Credit: (IMAGO/ZUMMA Press via Getty Images)
Beyond sharing a judo background with Ronda Rousey, Harrison maintains a friendship with the MMA superstar. The two have trained together on the mats, and from a distance Harrison has watched Rousey's career and absorbed any lesson she could find in it.
Rousey reached out to Harrison after the Olympics, congratulating her and offering advice as Harrison prepares to move on from the hunt for gold medals. If Harrison does pursue mixed-martial-arts, she will surely look to Rousey for guidance.
"Before I make any big decision, I'm gonna wanna pick her brain and ask her what she would do differently or what she wishes she had or hadn't done and if I could do it, how I could do it any better. I definitely feel like I've learned a lot from her career just by sitting back and watching. I really hope if I do decide to do MMA, that I can take her mistakes and sort of learn from them, and hopefully do a little bit better.”
But for now, Harrison's main focus is giving back, and not just by passing on her judo knowledge to students.
Four years ago, Harrison created Fearless Foundation, an organization to educate the public about sexual assault and help victims. She believes there is a need for a premier foundation to help survivors of sexual assault, and hopes to build that now that she has put her martial arts career on the back burner. While her potential future in fight sports is uncertain, her plans for Fearless Foundation are as firm as her two gold medals.
"I'm writing a book with a psychologist from McLean Hospital, which is a really big hospital here in Boston that works a lot with victims of sexual abuse and PTSD patients,” she said. “Our goal for the book is for it to be in the 7th grade health class curriculum. I want kids to have to read my story [in one chapter], which will kind of be a guideline, and the next chapter is from the psychologist's point of view. We really want to take it to a whole new level.”
A whole new level. For the 26-year-old, her entire career has been about breaking new ground, building on the foundations set by her predecessors and forging her own path. Whether we'll see her in the cage one day, or on the mats again, Kayla Harrison will prove that the gold medals were only the beginning.
Wikileaks released Friday a Vault 7 document dump containing 27 documents from CIA's Grasshopper network, a platform used to build malware payloads aimed at attacking Windows operating system devices.
“Grasshopper is provided with a variety of modules that can be used by a CIA operator as blocks to construct a customized implant that will behave differently, for example maintaining persistence on the computer differently, depending on what particular features or capabilities are selected in the process of building the bundle. Additionally, Grasshopper provides a very flexible language to define rules that are used to "perform a pre-installation survey of the target device, assuring that the payload will only [be] installed if the target has the right configuration,” the whistleblower organization stated in a press release.
Read: WikiLeaks Vault 7 Marble Shows CIA Ability To Hide Attack Origins
According to WikiLeaks, Grasshopper might be used by CIA to determine whether a PC has antivirus protection and also, which Windows OS it is operating on. The malware is designed to escape detection by major anti-virus software.
“The requirement list of the Automated Implant Branch (AIB) for Grasshopper puts special attention on PSP avoidance, so that any Personal Security Products like 'MS Security Essentials', 'Rising', 'Symantec Endpoint' or 'Kaspersky IS' on target machines do not detect Grasshopper elements,” the press release further added.
The new revelation adds to previous ones and sheds light on how law-enforcement agencies use illegal tools to hack into private machines and access customer data.
Read: WikiLeaks Vault 7 Dark Matter Reveals CIA Hacking Tools For Macs, iPhones
The first part of the Vault 7 documents dump was released on March 7 and exposed a large archive of classified CIA documents detailing how the agency hacked into Android and iOS devices. The White House had condemned the leaks at the time, stressing on holding people responsible for leaking classified documents
Preparing for the Oscars at the Dolby Theater. | Matt Sayles/Invision/AP Oscar spotlight a dim one for hometown L.A. Times
While old-fashioned investigative journalism took center stage in Los Angeles at the Oscars Sunday evening, hometown reporters for the L.A. Times found themselves scrambling to cover the event.
The Times had been allocated six passes for entry to the Dolby Theater – essential access to tell the story of the night by the big broadsheet located in America's entertainment capital – but until the last minute not one of them was allocated to a reporter.
Story Continued Below
According to several sources in and around the Times, the passes went to the Tribune Publishing's new brass. Tribune Publishing Chairman Michael Ferro and CEO Justin Dearborn reportedly used the passes, each along with a guest.
The last two were earmarked for publisher Tim Ryan, who was persuaded to do the right thing and gave up his seats after receiving a flabbergasted email from the Times' film desk.
Those tickets — in the cheaper, mezzanine seats — allowed Times reporters Amy Kaufman and Steve Zeitchik into the theater to do their reporting.
Times editor Davan Maharaj, who spent part of Monday putting out the fires sparked by the incident, didn't respond to an email requesting comment; he had told staffers that he was concerned that news of the Oscar ticket flap would make its way into the press.
I asked Michael Ferro for comment as well, but didn't get a reply. Ferro has previously told me that he wouldn't have public comment until after the company's March 2 earnings call.
There is an irony here, of course. Spotlight — a cinematic triumph celebrating the craft of working journalists — unexpectedly won the Best Picture Oscar, while simultaneously, the L.A. Times' own journalists had to fight their bosses to do their jobs. (One further irony: Marty Baron, now the editor of the Washington Post and the Boston Globe editor portrayed by Liev Schreiber in “Spotlight” posted on Facebook, “So close to the stage here at the Oscars! Not the last row, just the second to last row.”)
From the film staff's memo, addressed both to publisher Ryan and to Maharaj:
Tim and Davan, We on the film team were shocked to learn this week that the paper has not allocated a single one of its Oscar tickets to a reporter. All of our competitors will have reporters both in the Dolby and at the Governors Ball. Here's how they're using their Oscar tickets: Entertainment Weekly: 2 reporters, 2 editors AP: 2 reporters The New York Times: reporter plus 1 The Wall Street Journal: reporter plus 1 The Hollywood Reporter: 1 reporter, 1 editor Variety: 1 reporter, 1 editor Our reporters do not sit through the show, but rather use this access to gather exclusive quotes on the controversies of the evening in the lobbies and bars, deliver feeds on how the audience is receiving the host and solicit comments from the losers, who are not made available in the press room. Entertainment coverage is a bedrock of this paper's identity. To fail to send a single reporter on a year when the Oscars are at the center of a cultural debate over diversity is not only embarrassing, it's bad journalism. Would the LA Times ever cover a political convention or a sporting event this way? Please tell us that you will reconsider, and distribute at least one of the Times' Oscar tickets to a reporter.
We won't go into the arcane culture of freebie tickets and the newsroom and company policies that try to address them. Suffice it to say that while tickets can be valuable perks, getting the paper's journalism done is always supposed to be the first priority. Earlier at the Times, similar Emmys and Grammys ticket disputes also caused a stir in the newsroom.
The gripes are both practical and symbolic. Yes, it's about covering a big entertainment story – one for which above-average coverage should generate above-average digital traffic – but it touches a deeper nerve.
Maharaj, who apparently wangled the prestigious seats for his new bosses, is widely perceived at being expert at “managing up” while being insufficiently responsive in his dealings with his own newsroom.
I've covered Maharaj's managing up skills in another article – it puts him line for greater business-side responsibilities at the Times (“Michael Ferro Cleans the House That Jack (Griffin) Built”).
The Oscars perk, though, may in part answer one question Tribune watchers have mulled over the last month: Why did Michael Ferro plow $44.4 million into a struggling newspaper company in the first place? One answer: Sometimes, investments like that can make you feel like a Hollywood star.
UPDATE: After this article was published, Tribune provided a statement attributed to Maharaj that read as follows:
“We requested Michael and Justin attend the Awards ceremony, just like top media executives of other major outlets do. The film industry represents one of our most important coverage areas -- and the paper's largest advertisers.
We had a robust contingent of reporters and photographers on the red carpet, in the ballroom, backstage and in the auditorium. That's why we had 3 million unique visitors consuming our continuous Oscar coverage.”
CEC's Ultimate Guide to Surviving Finals
You're a UCLA student. You're faithfully going to class (sometimes), attending club meetings, stacking paper at work, and kicking it with the pals, aka you're living your best college life. But suddenly, out of nowhere, WHAM! 10th week hits you like a pile of bricks. What did we cover in Econ 11 last week? Oh...
Sea Creatures You Would Lowkey Smash
Every so often I find myself having the thought: “Isn't the ocean just kind of little sexy?” I know it sounds weird but level with me for a second; it's warm, the mood lighting is on point, and it's the perfect soundtrack for getting it on(I'm talking about the gentle sexual hum of the...
Holiday Movies To Get ~Wholesome~ To This Christmas
Hello you ho, ho hoes – it's that time of year again! Yep, it's holiday season! Fall quarter me is gone, and in her place is an ugly-Christmas-sweater-wearing, hot-chocolate-drinking, Justin-Bieber-Christmas-album-listening, uncuffed, festive bitch. Honestly, anyone who hates the holiday season is a...
CEC | The Room Official Viewing Guide
It wouldn't be a proper The Room screening without yelling and flying objects. We at CEC would like to share a definitive guide to our screening Friday night. Be sure to grab some condoms and spoons at the door – we promise if you follow these steps below, you'll be an expert at spotting (and reacting) to everything that...
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, one of America's largest college fraternities, closed its chapter at the University of Oklahoma late Sunday after a video posted hours earlier appeared to show fraternity members singing a racist chant. The university administration said it was investigating.
The video shows a group of young white people in formal wear riding a bus and singing a chant laden with antiblack slurs and at least one reference to lynching. A grinning young man wearing a tuxedo and standing in the aisle of the bus pumps his fist in the air as he chants, while a young woman seated nearby claps.
The chant vows that African-Americans will “never” be allowed to join the campus chapter. The video was first reported by The Oklahoma Daily, a student newspaper, that said it learned about it from an anonymous tip sent by email on Sunday.
Brad Cohen, the fraternity's national president, said in a statement that after viewing the video, the organization's board had decided “with no mental reservation whatsoever that this chapter needed to be closed immediately.”
Ronda Rousey would probably hand back a big chunk of her record-setting payday if it meant she didn't have to suffer a 48-second TKO to Amanda Nunes last Friday night in Las Vegas.
Rousey was brutalized by a series of punches from Nunes as soon as the fight began and the former women's champion was finished before the first minute expired in the opening round.
It was the second time in a row Rousey had been finished by strikes after she suffered a knockout loss to Holly Holm last November.
Article continues below ...
Despite those setbacks in the Octagon, Rousey was still paid handsomely for her performance where she earned $3 million for her fight against Nunes, which matched Conor McGregor's pay for UFC 202 as the largest disclosed salary in UFC history.
That means Rousey earned $62,500 per second in defeat.
As for Nunes, she earned $200,000 for her victory over Rousey with an additional $50,000 for “Performance of the Night” as she earned another devastating finish over a legend of the sport. Back in July, Nunes put away Miesha Tate with a first-round submission to win the women's bantamweight title.
In the co-main event, Cody Garbrandt also earned $200,000 for his victory over Dominick Cruz to become the new UFC bantamweight champion. Garbrandt was also paid an additional $50,000 for his part in the ‘Fight of the Night' at UFC 207.
Meanwhile, Cruz earned $350,000 in a losing effort with another $50,000 for ‘Fight of the Night' honors.
Two other fighter's salaries were adjusted after UFC 207 took place due to missing weight ahead of the event.
Former champion Johny Hendricks lost $20,000 due to his weight cutting infraction for his fight against Neil Magny. Hendricks' pay dropped from $100,000 down to $80,000 as a result, with the $20,000 going to Magny as a penalty. Hendricks also lost the fight so he didn't receive any win bonus.
Ray Borg also suffered a 30-percent penalty for missing weight in his fight against Louis Smolka although he was able to secure a victory so that lessened the financial blow just a big. Borg was fined $5,400 for his weight cutting mishap but still ultimately walked away with $30,600 after winning a unanimous decision over Smolka in the fight.
Here are the full salaries for UFC 207: Nunes vs. Rousey
Amanda Nunes: $250,000 ($100,000 to show, $100,000 to win plus $50,000 for ‘Performance of the Night')
Ronda Rousey: $3 million
Cody Garbrandt: $250,000 ($200,000 flat no win bonus plus $50,000 for ‘Fight of the Night')
Dominick Cruz: $400,000 ($350,000 flat no win bonus plus $50,000 for ‘Fight of the Night')
TJ Dillashaw: $200,000 ($100,000 to show, $100,000 to win)
John Lineker: $43,000
Dong Hyun Kim: $134,000 ($67,000 to show, $67,000 to win)
Tarec Saffiedine: $40,000
Ray Borg: $30,600 ($18,000 to show, $18,000 to win — fined $5,400 for missing weight)
Louis Smolka: $37,400 ($32,000 to show plus $5,400 as penalty from his opponent missing weight)
Neil Magny: $114,000 ($47,000 to show, $47,000 to win plus $20,000 penalty for opponent missing weight)
Johny Hendricks: $80,000 (Fined $20,000 for missing weight)
Antonio Carlos Junior: $42,000 ($21,000 to fight, $21,000 to win)
Marvin Vettori: $12,000
Alex Garcia: $86,000 ($18,000 to show, $18,000 to win plus $50,000 for ‘Performance of the Night')
Mike Pyle: $55,000
Niko Price: $24,000 ($12,000 to show, $12,000 to win)
Brandon Thatch: $22,000
Tim Means: $35,000 (fight was declared a no contest so no win bonus is paid)
Alex Oliveira: $28,000 (fight was declared a no contest so no win bonus is paid)
Sick people are better off taking painkillers and going to bed than shelling out for expensive over-the-counter cold-and-flu remedies that make misleading claims about their efficacy, Consumer NZ says.
Photo: 123RF
A survey by the organisation has found the country spent $38 million last year on remedies to fight winter bugs.
It looked at more than 50 cold and flu products, from decongestants and antihistamines through to cough drops, to see which offered the most effective relief.
Consumer NZ chief executive Sue Chetwin said 60 percent of the products that claimed relief from flu symptoms were misleading.
"Products like Lemsip ... say they are a quick way to get effective relief from symptoms such headaches, bodyaches, blocked nose, fever and sore throats but there is no real evidence to back that up," she said.
Ms Chetwin said she was concerned that consumers were being duped into paying up to $30 for remedies that did not work.
"These products should be true to label and we don't believe that they are," she said.
She said people should not waste their money on expensive remedies when a painkiller and bed rest was just as effective.
"It would be just as good for you to buy paracetamol, aspirin or ibuprofen and take some honey and put your feet up" she said.
She has asked MedSafe to review the products.
This is part two of a five-part series about Starship design in Star Trek Online with Thomas Marrone (@thomasthecat, @Cryptic_TtC) . Last weeks entry can be found here.
Thomas joined Cryptic in 2010 as a web designer working for Cryptic and Atari. He moved over to STO in early 2011 as a UI artist and in November of last year moved over to ships full-time. Check out his portfolio, Tumblr, and many DeviantArt examples.
In the community Thomas is well-known for his updates to classic canon Star Trek Online models, much of it done on his own time. For many of us it's the kind of improvement we look forward to, adding new life to classic designs, or a new generation of that model. Today we got the official confirmation of the T6- Yamamoto Dreadnought.
All this is releasing w/Yamato, the T6 Dreadnought cruiser based on the Andromeda. http://t.co/bTcKJ4daMo pic.twitter.com/GTNSGcg4SN — Thomas Marrone (@Cryptic_TtC) October 5, 2015
Q3.1: Are they hands on, or is it more of a process where you're left on your own?
Well, it being my job helps! But seriously, I think everyone understands how cool it is that they get to make 3D spaceships all day. When you're building the final 3D model, much of the “hard” work has been done – you just need to execute the vision that everyone has agreed on. There are plenty of places where you can add your own take on the concept, but in general at that point you are a construction worker following a blueprint.
When you are actually designing the look of the ship, that can be challenging because there is nothing more intimidating to an artist than a blank piece of paper. It's one of the reasons we work so hard early on to discuss the references and influences we like, so that we have a strong foundation to develop the concept of the ship and feel solid in the direction we take the design.
Q3.2: Do you listen to certain music or tv episodes to get in the mood?
It depends on the type of work I'm doing, and I'm sure the answer for this is very individual to the artist. Myself, I like to listen to movie scores because they're often inspiring. Or, I might be binging on a show I've seen many times before like Star Trek or the West Wing and might have that on as background noise. But I never watch anything I haven't seen before as that can be too distracting.
Q3.3: Are you more of a clinical designer, drawing from physical examples to produce a design?
We always look at our reference for general inspiration, but mostly the types of things we are working with are based in speculative fiction so our best examples are the physical and CG models used in the shows. Those can come in handy for certain, but since we are creating entirely new shapes it's hard to rely exclusively on physical examples.
Q4: Tools – for the 2D phase of the design what tools do you use, and why?
We use Photoshop CS6 and either a Cintiq or Intuos WACOM tablet. The Tablets let us “draw” directly into a digital file in Photoshop, which lets us have total control over the image. In Photoshop we can use layers to quickly iterate on ideas or different blending modes to achieve various effects while we are coloring the art. It's an essential tool to quickly and expertly generate the concept art we need to use as reference when we are building the final model.
Yes, this weeks entry is shorter compared to the others. Not to worry, much more is on the way!
Next Week: [coming soon]
If you've read this far, you are also know that we're giving away some cool ships and Zen at the end of this blog series on October 30th 2015. Full contest rules can be found here. We're accepting entries after we post each blog for 24 hours only.
Question One: Where does the best reference material for #STO starships come from?
Question Two: What's your favorite STF (active or inactive)?
How to Enter:
Subscribe to this blog, or to my Twitter account. (pretty simple, 1 entry per, automatically every week) For BONUS entries: Post the answers to question one and two either on this weeks blog announcement, or in the official thread on the STO Blog. Or, Tweet you answers, including your in-game handle to @ Lootcritter.
Zylofuramine[1] is a stimulant drug. It was developed in 1961,[2][3] and was intended for use as an appetite suppressant and for the treatment of senile dementia in the elderly, but there is little information about it and it does not appear to have ever been marketed.[4]
Its chemical structure has a similarity to other N-ethyl substituted stimulant drugs such as ethylamphetamine.
References [ edit ]
^ US patent 3091621 , Clarke, R. L., "Alpha-Aryl or Aralkyl Tetrahydrofurfurylamines", issued 1963-05-28, assigned to Sterling Drugs ^ Clarke, R. L.; Harris, L. S. (1962). "α-Benzyltetrahydrofurfurylamines -- A New Series of Psychomotor Stimulants. I". Journal of Medicinal Chemistry. 5 (1): 77–95. doi:10.1021/jm01236a010. PMID 14046619. ^ Clarke, R. L.; Tullar, B. F.; Harris, L. S. (1962). "α-Benzyltetrahydrofurfurylamines -- A New Series of Psychomotor Stimulants. II. Resolution of Isomers". Journal of Medicinal Chemistry. 5 (2): 362–372. doi:10.1021/jm01237a014. PMID 14051912. ^ Harris, L. S.; Clarke, R. L.; Dembinski, J. R. (1963). "α-Benzyltetrahydrofurfurylamines -- A New Series of Psychomotor Stimulants. III. The Pharmacology of D-Threo α-Benzyl-N-Ethyltetrahydrofurfurylamine (Zylofuramine)". Archives Internationales de Pharmacodynamie et de Thérapie. 146: 392–405. PMID 14099588.
The demand to monitor Twitter and Facebook follows similar requests for access to other online services
India's communications ministry has been asked by the home ministry to monitor social networking websites such as Twitter and Facebook amid fears that the services are being used by terrorists to plan attacks.
The request suggests that the Indian government is trying to broaden the scope of its online surveillance for national security.
Telecommunications service providers in India provide facilities for lawful interception and monitoring of communications on their network, including communications from social networking websites such as Facebook and Twitter, in accordance with their license agreements, Milind Deora, the minister of state for communications and IT, told Parliament, according to the country's Press Information Bureau.
But there are certain communications which are encrypted, Deora said Friday.
The government did not provide details of what encrypted data they would like to have access to. A spokesman for the home ministry said on Monday that additional information can only be provided in Parliament while it is in session.
Under new rules to the country's IT Act that came into force earlier this year, websites and service providers are required to provide government security agencies with information on private accounts, including passwords, on request without a court order.
Most companies, however, are not willing to share information with law enforcement agencies unless they have a court order.
Twitter states in its guidelines for law enforcement that "non-public information about Twitter users is not released unless we have received a subpoena, court order, or other valid legal process document."
Facebook has a similar policy, saying that U.S. federal law prohibits the disclosure of the contents of an account such as messages, wall posts and photos except in response to a civil subpoena or court order, the company said on its website.
Twitter and Facebook, which both rank in the top 10 most popular websites in India according to web statistics company Alexa, did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The Indian government has said it has asked other companies to provide ways to allow security agencies to monitor traffic on their networks, including Skype and Google, although those companies said they have not heard from the government.
India continues to press other companies for access to communications data. The government has asked Research in Motion, maker of BlackBerry devices, to provide access to e-mails and other communications on its corporate service, Blackberry Enterprise Server.
RIM has said that it is technically impossible for it to provide security agencies with access to encrypted e-mails, as the keys used to scramble the messages are in the hands of its customers.
Last week, a Parliament Standing Committee criticized the government for extending the deadlines for RIM to provide access to the communications. The committee recommended that the matter "should be taken up strongly with BlackBerry."
John Ribeiro covers outsourcing and general technology breaking news from India for The IDG News Service. Follow John on Twitter at @Johnribeiro. John's e-mail address is john_ribeiro@idg.com
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Just because a building no longer serves its original purpose, that doesn't mean it deserves the wrecking ball. Sometimes it's worth holding onto the structure and giving the space a new lease on life (and a new tenant). Here are some of our favourite building conversions:
Tropical Islands Resort sits on a former Nazi-era airbase in Krausnick, Germany.
Photos: Tropical-Islands.de
Sitting on land that was part of the Brand-Briesen Airfield, built for the Luftwaffe between 1938 and 1939, the massive hangar was constructed by German company CargoLifter as a site to build airships. CargoLifter became insolvent in 2002 and never actually managed to build a cargo ship. In 2003 it was sold to a Malaysian company that began converting the hangar into the tropical theme park.
Sticking with vacation spots, we're also fond of Hotel Costa Verde in Costa Rica, which, as you can plainly see, is built around an old Boeing 727.
It used to rollback prices, now it rolls out shelves of books. What was once a Wal-Mart in McAllen, Texas is now a vast library. The size of more than two football fields, the McAllen Public Library is the largest single-story library in the US.
Once a house of prayer, now just a house. This Dutch chapel-turned-apartment in Utrecht comes from ZECC Architecten.
The artsy “Alcatraz hotel” in Kaiserslautern used to be a German prison. While the hotel operators are still running with the jailhouse motif, guests aren't able to trade cartons of cigarettes for free lodging.
Built by the Ford Motor Company to transport iron ore and related materials across the Great Lakes in the 1920s, the beached Benson Ford is now a private residence on Put-in-Bay in Ohio.
These days shipping container homes are almost common place, but one of the best examples of the popular conversion project is on display in London. The aptly named Container City was devised by Urban Space Management and installed in 2001.
Langenberg Wildlife Park, a zoo in Langnau am Albis in Switzerland, has been selling meat from its own animals -- from deer and boar -- in its restaurant.
Tell Langenberg Wildlife Park, stop serving "surplus" animals in its restaurant. The zoo must stop killing healthy animals and, if it has no use for them, find other places (a wildlife refuge, for instance) for them to live.
Every year, about 100 animals are born at the zoo. Due to what are said to be "space restrictions," the zoo says it cannot keep all of them. If the zoo is unable to place the animals elsewhere, they are killed and served to diners in the zoo's own restaurant.
Zoo spokesperson Martin Kilchenmann says that "recycling" zoo animals for human consumption is "very ecological" and shows visitors the "natural cycle." As he notes, since 2012, 49 deer and 10 wild boar have been shot, killed and served in the restaurant.
The "price of success" for captive breeding programs is, all too often, an excess of animals that zoos then find themselves struggling to provide adequate space and other resources for. But allowing zoos to breed animals without considering the lifetime care and needs of the offspring produced is unethical and irresponsible.
Langenberg Wildlife Park's "recycling" of its own animals to serve as fare to diners in its restaurants is, it cannot be overemphasized, disturbing and inhumane. If the zoo is continued with its captive breeding program, it must develop and follow responsible guidelines that take the full lifespan of the offspring into account.
Tell Langenberg Wildlife Park to stop selling meat from its own animals and to stop killing healthy animals!
Click to share on Facebook:
The Ibrox investor says "liquidation is inevitable" and plans to sue former owner Sir David Murray.
©SNS Group
Having had the opportunity to visit key stakeholders and to properly consider the information now available to me I would like to comment on certain matters that I have hitherto refused to comment on.
My own visibility of the true state of affairs was being actively restricted and, as it turns out, falsified by Craig Whyte and I did not wish to add to the strongly held but unconfirmed rumours that were already being played out in the media.
Craig Whyte
I met with Craig Whyte during my recent visit and he provided clarity on the funding position. His true financial commitment was not by way of cash (as he had previously advised me) but rather guarantees that he and/or companies associated with him had given to Ticketus.
He confirmed to me that Ticketus has no recourse to the football club. Hopefully the administrators will be able to confirm this. The upshot of Craig Whyte's confession is that the fans were duped.
Immediately upon the acquisition of the club by Craig Whyte (far from being debt free as was trumpeted by the Murray Group and Craig Whyte at the time) the club was in a much worse economic position than before and had no chance of survival even if we had progressed in Europe.
The Murray Group
I purposely did not meet with David Murray but did meet with Mike McGill who was a member of the Rangers board at the time of the acquisition and was intimately involved on behalf of the Murray Group in securing the sale to Craig Whyte.
I am absolutely satisfied in my mind that Mike McGill (and hence the Murray Group) had no knowledge that the proof of funds supplied by Craig Whyte's attorneys was secured by season ticket sales. I am further satisfied that the Murray Group would not have proceeded with the transaction if the true source of the funds had been disclosed.
The Murray Group had every right to rely on the proof of funds letter that was supplied by Collyer Bristow.
Collyer Bristow
The role of Collyer Bristow requires further investigation as this legal firm appears to have behaved in a manner inconsistent with its natural duties and responsibilities.
I met with Gary Withey, on two occasions, during my recent visit and I do not believe that it is plausible that he was actively involved in an attempt to deceive the shareholders, fans, and creditors of the club.
I do however continue to have concerns about the discharge of his duties as company secretary for Rangers. There is a true version that has yet to emerge regarding Collyer Bristow's role and knowledge of events.
Administration
I do not believe that there is a reasonable prospect that the company can come out of administration. I believe that liquidation is inevitable.
European football
The club will not meet its financial requirements before the UEFA deadline. There will consequently be no European football next year and liquidation might extend that by another two years.
The harsh reality is that Craig Whyte has abused the loyalty of the fans by trading that future loyalty for cash in a manner that has excluded the club's ability to provide the very product that the fans were expected to pay for.
To have done this, and then blatantly lied about it, is an abuse that no fan of any club should have to suffer.
HMRC
Now that I have evidenced the true position I wish to commend HMRC for showing the maximum restraint that it possibly could have under its mandate to collect taxes that are due.
The empathy that HMRC has demonstrated to the club and its fans is particularly gratifying given the abuse perpetrated on HMRC by Craig Whyte in withholding ongoing tax payments to fund the club- while simultaneously pretending that he was using his own funds.
Going forward
It grieves me to state that it seems inevitable that the footballing institution will survive but the company won't. This will entail many hurdles (that will be overcome) including 'Rangers (2012) Ltd' having to reapply for membership of the SFA etc.
It is a sad point to have reached, but if managed sensibly, it can result in Rangers returning to its former glory as a football club in the shortest time possible. We must all strive to ensure that an appropriate ownership structure guarantees that this event is never repeated.
We must remember that our footballing friends across the city came very close to the point that we now find ourselves in. Scottish football needs a strong ranger and Celtic - but perhaps in a slightly humbler form.
My own present position
I seem to be one of the few people who actually invested cash into the club. I have made a claim of £20 million on the basis of non-disclosure by the then Chairman, David Murray, of Rangers true financial position as far back as 2000.
Other shareholders may feel deceived like I do and wish to take similar action. (David Murray will no doubt argue to the contrary and the merits of this will be dealt with in due course in the appropriate forum.)
For present purposes however, I simply want to advise the fans and fellow shareholders that any benefit I receive from my claim will be fully reinvested into the restructured football club. I remain 100% committed to the Rangers football club and will do whatever I can to advance its interests.
My own future position
I intend to remain involved with the club, at least on my present basis, post-reconstruction if that is at all possible under the new ownership structure. I am however alert to the raw sentiment around the need for Rangers to have 'fit and proper' persons at its helm.
In view of my own well-publicised and acrimonious legal disputes with the authorities in South Africa I have taken it upon myself to approach the SFA in that regard in advance of considering an increased role in the club going forward. I will be guided by the SFA's response in that regard.
Paul Murray
In the interim I will be putting my full support behind Paul Murray's initiative to secure the future of the club. Paul is a very smart businessman of undoubted integrity and a man who holds all that is sacred and traditional at Rangers football club very close to his heart. He is exactly the type of man the club needs at this time.
The previous board
I worked happily with the previous board and was immensely saddened by the way that some of them were excoriated by the media for no reason other than that they strongly opposed the sale of the club to a man who appeared to have insufficient funds to take the club forward.
Martin Bain, Paul Murray and Alastair Johnston were fired immediately upon the takeover for voicing their concerns. The Rangers spin doctoring machine then started to work overtime to discredit them, both individually and collectively.
We now know the truth and hopefully those three loyal Rangers fans can now be fully welcomed back to Ibrox Park with full appreciation for the role that they have played in working tirelessly behind the scenes to expose Craig Whyte for what they truly knew him to be- and what all fans now know him to be.
This cancer might have continued longer without their continued probings.
Martin Bain
Martin deserves particular mention. I have chatted to him a few times since he was forced to resign. Despite the lies and untruths that were being leaked about him to the press he never wavered in his loyalty and commitment to the club.
He never wavered in his commitment to the fans and he was determined to expose what was really going on.
The club was fortunate to have Martin at the helm as CEO for many years and was even more fortunate to find him continue to act in the interests of the club after he was unjustifiably removed from that position and unjustifiably deprived of his fair contractual settlement.
John Greig and John McClelland
Both of these gentlemen were, like me, not fired from the board after the acquisition and soldiered on in the best interests of the club until they reached a point where they reluctantly resigned rather than be associated with the failing governance at the club. That was the early warning sign.
I haven't spoken to John McClelland but I can confirm (from my recent discussions with him) how pained John Greig is to have been unable to attend his beloved Ibrox. Hopefully he will shortly be able to resume his rightful iconic place in the director's box.
Previous titles
I have noted the recent media comment about Rangers being stripped of previously earned titles. While this makes good headlines, I am absolutely confident (now that I have a good sense of the true position) that this will not happen.
If your gonna go that route than it's obvious Kayaba's lying because microwaves totally can't fry brains.
So immediately it becomes a question of "well if he's telling such obvious lies, are there also non-obvious lies", like that, trying to analyze the psychology and motives of a total stranger that's definitely a crazy person. While trapped in his digital panopticon.
(Plus "physical access is total device control" like Catsy is always pointing out, so there's a really good chance none of your choices matter cause government hackers free you as soon as they figure out the logistics.)
And I mean, leaving aside whether Kayaba was Hearthcliff or not, it's like, "gosh, my direct superior officer in a paramilitary organization is hot, I'm gonna date him", that's obviously completely bonkers. The risks are so obvious and well-known, only a silly person would take them.
I mean they were pretty articulate, but Kayaba came off as a lunatic with shades of super-egomania and narcissism with bonus Japanese Historical Revisionism, and Asuna could explain exactly why the decisions she made were megassa-stupid. But she still made that megassa-dumb choice.
So it was articulate but nobody did anything "rational"
Click to expand...
Ottawa Senators : Ancient Todd Bertuzzi Joins Binghamton Sens
A surprising bit of AHL news emerged on Friday night.
The 39-year-old Bertuzzi has inked a tryout agreement with the Ottawa Senators' AHL affiliate in Binghamton.
As per the B-Sens' Twitter account:
The #BSens and NHL Veteran Todd Bertuzzi have reached an agreement on an @TheAHL PTO http://t.co/t3g5f5egtV — Binghamton Senators (@BSens_Hockey) January 9, 2015
The B-Sens are mired in 14th place in their conference with a disappointing 15-16-3 record this season. Adding the veteran may help to stabilize the young AHL roster in Binghamton while giving Bertuzzi one last chance to showcase himself for NHL work.
Todd Bertuzzi: What Can Sens Fans Expect?
Todd Bertuzzi's story is well-known.
Bertuzzi finished last season with the Detroit Red Wings, posting 16 points in 59 games. During his career, the power forward has scored 770 points in 1,159 NHL games.
Bertuzzi has spent portions of his career with the Islanders, Canucks, Panthers, Red Wings, Ducks, Flames, and Canada's 2006 Olympic hockey team.
Yet, no matter how much Bertuzzi traveled, he has never escaped the fallout of the Steve Moore incident.
Still, Binghamton Head Coach Luke Richardson is excited to add Todd Bertuzzi and his veteran leadership to the faltering B-Sens group.
As Richardson said to the Ken Warren at the Ottawa Citizen:
He's going to be great for our young guys. Having a guy like that around, showing them how it's done, is going to be great. Just having him around to talk to the young players, on the bench and in the dressing room, will be a huge plus.
While with the Red Wings, Bertuzzi was considered a positive influence on younger teammates like Gustav Nyquist and Tomas Tatar as they adjusted to the NHL.
Playing in the AHL for the first time in his career, Bertuzzi will have the chance to impart his NHL wisdom to prospects like Shane Prince, Chris Wideman, and Matt Puempel. For Binghamton, the chance to add an NHL vet during a developmental season is a plus.
For Todd Bertuzzi, the AHL stint is a shot at one more year in the NHL. A successful run with the B-Sens might lead to an NHL deal with the Ottawa Senators.
At this stage in his career, Bertuzzi may be hoping to hook on with a team that will contend for the Stanley Cup this year. Interest from the Islanders, Lightning, Predators, Ducks, or another of the NHL's top teams will only come if Bertuzzi shows well during his time in the AHL.
In conclusion…
The Binghamton Senators have little to lose taking a chance on aging Todd Bertuzzi. His gritty style will add a little leadership and net presence for Binghamton.
However, Bertuzzi is an awkward fit for the NHL Senators.
Ottawa already has veteran leaders like Chris Phillips and Chris Neil in place. The rest of the Senators roster is filled with developing youngsters. The Sens are icing the seventh youngest squad in the NHL this season (average age of about 27-years-old).
With veteran leaders already in place and the team well outside the playoff picture in the Eastern Conference, Senators fans aren't likely to see Todd Bertuzzi in Ottawa this season.
What do you think, Ottawa Senators fans? Could Todd Bertuzzi be a fit for the Sens at the NHL level? Will Bertuzzi reach the NHL level at all this year?
Each week, Financial Post contributor Mary Teresa Bitti revisits CBC's previous week's episode of Dragons' Den. She captures what the cameras didn't and in the process provides a case study for readers, zeroing in on what pitchers and dragons were thinking and what the challenges for the deal are going forward.
The pitch As you read this, Montreal-based engineers turned entrepreneurs Marty Algire and Corey Velan are launching a Kickstarter campaign to raise money to expand their product line of FixMeStick tools for removing computer viruses. When they entered the Den dressed as superheroes they had one FixMeStick, which works solely on PCs. The Kickstarter campaign will help them apply the same principles to create a version for Mac computers.
Mr. Algire hired Mr. Velan, a graduate of both Queens and Stanford universities, as an intern for a Internet security company called Radialpoint in 1999. Clients included such heavyweights as Telus, Verizon, Bell and AT&T. “As we rose up the ranks, we saw on a daily basis that despite having good protection installed, once a virus got on to a PC, all bets were off,” Mr. Algire said.
“It's a difficult and an expensive proposition to remove viruses from infected PCs.” It was also a common problem that non-technical consumers struggled with.
“From our security background, we knew there was a clear difference between protecting a PC and recovering or remediation of a PC,” he says. “IT security people use an external device to clean infected PCs. That approach works because the external device is not infected and cannot be compromised by the virus on the PC. Knowing this, we saw there was an opportunity to take that technique and design it such that anyone can do what IT pros have been doing for a long time.”
We knew there was a clear difference between protecting a PC and recovering or remediation of a PC
Mr. Algire contends there are a couple of reasons why this hasn't been done before. The FixMeStick is a piece of physical hardware while the Internet security industry sells software and is optimized for downloads, not distributing hardware. Perhaps more important is perception. Internet security companies selling protection run the risk of undermining that promise if they also sell virus removal tools. That market dynamic has given the FixMeStick room to work its way into a well-established market dominated by much larger companies.
The FixMeStick was introduced in the spring of 2012 in what they describe as a bootstrap DIY launch. Mr. Algire and Mr. Velan sold direct via their website and within a few months had established enough awareness among early users to pursue a traditional retail distribution channel. Their first retailer was Costco.ca. Then with the help of a Canadian distributor, the FixMeStick was placed in Canada Computers, a regional chain with 35 stores in Ontario and Quebec, followed by London Drugs in Western Canada. Amazon.com took them into the United States.
At the time of their Dragons' Den pitch, the entrepreneurs had been in business 10 months and had sales of $400,000. By this time, they were very clear on who their customers were and how to reach them.
“Our core demographic is male and female Baby Boomers plus or minus 15 years,” Mr. Algire said. “We did very well with radio advertising which is where our customers like to learn about our product. In hindsight, it makes sense because the Internet is so full of scams that can infect your computer, I wouldn't recommend to my own parents to try a new product they learned about on the internet. Traditional media lends a credibility we cannot get with an Internet banner ad.”
The deal The entrepreneurs asked for $500,000 in exchange for a 20% equity stake effectively valuing the company at $2.5-million. The money would be used to develop a television media campaign to drive awareness and retail sales in the U.S. All five dragons made offers but Mr. Algire and Mr. Velan decided to move forward with Dave Chilton and Arlene Dickinson who, on air, gave them what they asked for.
Shortly after taping, Bruce Croxon came in on the deal and, after what Mr. Algire described as a “transformative opportunity that would enable the FixMeStick to enter multiple channels simultaneously worldwide,” the negotiation has morphed into a royalty and equity deal. The royalty deal has closed and the equity deal is being finalized.
The FixMeStick is now available in more than 750 locations, including 100 Walmart stores, the Source nationwide and every London Drugs outlet. Their objective now is to build the business in the United States. “The U.S. is priority No. 1 in 2014,” Mr. Algire said. And the TV advertisements they are developing should help move along their retail distribution efforts.
A dragon's point of view Mr. Chilton said he is impressed with the entrepreneurs and is excited about the potential for the FixMeStick. “We closed the royalty deal first because we are bringing them a potentially gigantic partner, one that will change the face of their business and elevate it by a factor of 10 to 15.”
While he likes the focus on direct marketing, Mr. Chilton also said, “Direct marketing has a short life. If TV commercials and radio ads are going to be the primary marketing thrust they will need to develop more products, including products that can be used on tablets and smartphones.” Still, he said, this is a marketing play. Can you get enough people excited about it to create demand and make sure the user experience has them coming back? That's our focus.”
An expert's opinion John Cho of KPMG Enterprise likes both the business model and the uniqueness of the product.
“Assuming technical capabilities, it sounds like they've come up with a product with mass application and appeal. Things are moving fast and furious right now. They will have to make sure they have the right people in place and the right infrastructure to ensure they can keep up with orders, new sales channels and logistics. Now that they are dealing with larger retailers, they may need to revisit their pricing strategy to make sure their margins are strong enough to deal with the markdowns retailers may ask for. This comes down to positioning themselves for tomorrow to protect what they have and grow.”
The French president and the German chancellor are set to visit Moscow on Friday after a trip to Kiev, in order to find a peaceful solution to the escalating violence in Ukraine, the Kremlin has confirmed.
“I can confirm that indeed tomorrow [Friday] Putin, Merkel and Hollande will have talks. The leaders of the three states will discuss what specifically the countries can do to contribute to speedy end of the civil war in the southeast of Ukraine, which has escalated in recent days and resulted in many casualties,”Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskovsaid.
The leaders of Germany and France met with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in Kiev on Thursday. After the meeting, Poroshenko said that the talks indicated that a ceasefire was possible in eastern Ukraine. He also thanked EU leaders for their “unity and solidarity on the Ukrainian question.”
Merkel and Hollande are slated to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Friday.
"Together with Angela Merkel we have decided to take a new initiative," Hollande told a news conference. "We will make a new proposal to solve the conflict which will be based on Ukraine's territorial integrity."
“Along with Angela Merkel we thought we have certain responsibilities: Germany because it has strong economic relations with Eastern Europe, it has ties with Ukraine and Russia; Why France? Because France has historic, cultural, human, political and also economic links with Russia,” he stressed.
The two European leaders decided Wednesday night on the trip and did not consult American officials about it, AP reports citing a senior French official.
READ MORE: Constant shelling in Donetsk as peace talks in Minsk end in blame game
"In view of the escalating violence in recent days, the chancellor and President Hollande are intensifying their efforts, which have been going on for months, for a peaceful settlement to the conflict in eastern Ukraine," Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert said in a statement.
According to Hollande, the joint initiative of France and Germany is aimed at producing a text “acceptable to all,” as"diplomacy can't go on forever." The French president also said that France is not in favor of Ukraine joining NATO.
President Vladimir Putin is ready to hold constructive talks with Hollande and Merkel, said the Russian leader's senior foreign policy adviser, Yuri Ushakov, calling the upcoming meeting “a positive step.” He added that Kremlin hoped that the leaders of France and Germany would consider measures recently proposed by Putin.
“We are ready to hold a constructive discussion, with a view to reaching any agreements that would encourage a general stabilization of the situation, establishment of direct contacts between official representatives of Kiev and Donbass,” Ushakov told reporters.
US Secretary of State John Kerry also arrived in Kiev on Thursday for a meeting with Petro Poroshenko. It follows Washington's consideration of supplying Ukrainian army with weapons.
READ MORE: Kerry comes to Kiev, as US ponders sending weapons to Ukraine
Political analyst Aleksandar Pavic believes that the US is really in charge of this game.“So maybe privately the European leaders are against this, but so far they haven't shown sufficient resistance to Washington. In fact they've shown that they're not an independent entity as far as foreign policy is concerned,” he told RT.
But according to geopolitical analyst Martin McCauleyHollande and Merkel don't want the US to escalate the conflict in eastern Ukraine as "the Americans are talking about the possibility of providing anti-tank weapons, drones, radio communications and so on – lethal weapons, after all, which would exacerbate tensions there."
He added that the leaders of Germany and France will call for peace, but their main aim will be respect for the interests of both sides, and“getting back to normal economic relations.”
The situation in eastern Ukraine escalated in January, with shooting and shelling in the Donetsk area - the main stronghold of the anti-Kiev forces - resumed on a daily basis, claiming lives of civilians.
Last Saturday, peace talks in Minsk ended with no breakthrough and resulted in a blame game between Kiev officials and the rebels.
The Apple Watch is designed to go hand-in-hand with the iPhone. Apple's smartwatch uses the Watch app on the iPhone to set up the watch and customize it by downloading apps and choosing new watch faces. The Apple Watch requires an iPhone 5s or newer in order to go through the set up process, and an Apple Watch equipped with 4G connectivity will require at least an iPhone 6.
Unfortunately, the Watch app is not available for the iPad, so you will definitely need an iPhone in order to properly use the Apple Watch.
What Can the Apple Watch Do Without an iPhone?
If you want to get the most out of your Apple Watch without the need to bring along your iPhone, you can purchase a watch with Cellular connectivity. This will allow you to accept phone calls, receive text messages and stream music without using your iPhone. However, this will drain the Apple Watch's battery faster and is not recommended for all-day use.
But there are a number of things the Apple Watch can do without being connected to the iPhone even without a cellular connection. It can track your steps, measure heartbeat, analyze your sleep and give you calorie burn estimates for some activities. The newest watch can even perform an EKG.
You can listen to music with your Apple Watch with no need for an iPhone. The Watch can store 2 GB or more of music that can be streamed to Bluetooth headphones. Apple Pay and Passport are also available without connecting to an iPhone.
And you can also do some of the basics you would expect in any digital watch, such as set an alarm, count down a timer, get a world clock, use it as a stopwatch, etc. Apple Watch can even connect to the Internet without the iPhone so long as you have connected to that particular Wi-Fi network before when you had both your iPhone and Apple Watch with you.
Many third-party apps will work without the iPhone, although some still require the iPhone to do the heavy lifting.
Will the Apple Watch Ever Work With the iPad?
There's no doubt Apple Watch is designed to be a companion to the iPhone. Both can easily be taken with you wherever you go, whether that be to the coffee shop or to the gym. On the other hand, the iPad isn't quite so portable.
However, there is no technical reason why the Apple Watch cannot work with the iPad. The current limitations of the Apple Watch simply make pairing it with an iPhone a better experience, and because Apple wants to ensure customers have the optimal experience with the Apple Watch, an iPhone is required.
In the future, the Apple Watch will likely work as well with an iPad as it will with an iPhone. But this is unlikely to happen until the Apple Watch with Cellular can achieve close to all-day performance while using the 4G or cellular network. This will grant the Apple Watch independence from the iPhone for accepting phone calls and making text messages. Until then, you'll need an iPhone to enjoy an Apple Watch.
What Is the Difference Between Apple Watch Models?
The original Apple Watch was splashed proof, but not swim-proof. The biggest difference between it and newer watches is a slower processor, but it can still run the same apps. The newest model also has the ability to perform an EKG.
As opposed to the colour-crazy map Halifax Transit stands behind, this snippet from It's More Than Buses' proposal shows what an elegantly composed bus system could look like. High-frequency routes leading to and from major transfer points keeps it simple.
COURTESY IT'S MORE THAN BUSES
A good transit map is identifiable, elegant. It's why you can probably picture Montreal's or London's in your head, but still not know which of Halifax's buses go over the bridge. The map's not the real problem, though. Halifax's cobbled-together transit system is hostile and unusable. The city, and the public, want to dismantle the cacophony of routes polluting HRM and introduce a high-frequency transfer-based system instead. Halifax Transit has one chance not to fuck this up.
Back in January, when then-Metro Transit began the overall system review that's currently underway, the goal was firm: Build a simpler, more reliable service and give transit the increased priority in HRM's transportation network that it deservedly needs. Transit in Halifax hasn't been reviewed since the '90s. To blow that all up and start fresh is an exciting prospect, and why it was disheartening to hear Transit announce last week the review was delayed, and being scaled back. A transfer-based system, they say, can't work across the entire network.
Sean Gillis hopes the transit authority isn't getting cold feet. His advocacy group, It's More Than Buses, believes Haligonians would happily trade a greater trip length for increased frequency. "Right now, more than 40 percent are already transferring within this network that wasn't designed for transfers," Gillis says. "It's a trade-off. Some people might get longer trips, or trips they choose not to take, but with a transfer network in the right place, the added frequency you get out of that makes so many more trips possible and desirable."
click to enlarge A kaleidoscope of colours runs through Halifax Transit's simplified route map. It's pretty, but impenetrably useless for 100,000 daily commuters.
The grassroots IMTB organization, a partnership between Fusion Halifax and the Planning and Design Centre, has been working since 2011 to develop its own proposal for a redrawn transit system which offers high-frequency, on-time service to major areas within the municipality. Gillis believes Halifax Transit can get down to 10-minute service on major corridors, with other ancillary routes moving to 15-minute service, all while utilizing only 75 percent of Halifax Transit's currently allotted resources.
Right now, over 1,000 buses crowd Barrington Street daily on 23 routes. Over 500 transit vehicles travel daily down Spring Garden Road, Robie and Gottingen Streets.
"They're all just a bunch of routes clumped together," says Gillis. "Our main position is taken all of this duplication away and redeploy it somewhere useful."
Manager of planning Dave Reage says Halifax Transit isn't altogether abandoning high-frequency corridors, but deduced a total switchover wasn't possible. The delay in those plans, which were to be announced in October but now won't be out until January, apparently comes from the unparalleled scope of the project.
Reage calls it a "game-changer," and he's right. This is a turning point for the city. Easy, reliable transit service is a public right that any functioning city should offer.
It's More Than Buses will unveil its plans tonight, September 18 at The Bus Stop Theatre on Gottingen from 7-9 pm. Halifax Transit will release its initial draft network design in January, with a final plan tentatively set for October of next year. a
This experiment is the Chladni plate experiment. It uses a tone generator, a wave driver (speaker) and a metal plate attached to the speaker. First add sand to the plate then begin playing a tone. Certain frequencies vibrate the metal plate in such a way that it creates areas where there is no vibration. The sand “falls” into those areas, creating beautiful geometric patterns. As the frequency increases in pitch the patterns become more complex.
“Cymatics” reveals a strange & beautiful symmetry at work in nature. Inspired by the work of Dr Hans Jenny, the images mirror the symmetries found throughout the natural world, from the hidden shapes buried within snowflakes to the massive hexagonal cloud formations found on Saturn.
“If you want to understand the universe, think of energy, frequency, and vibration.” – Nikola Tesla
Chennai: India is the second largest market globally for investments in fitness tech startups, bagging $63 million, a new study by CB Insights said. US-based companies have received the highest funding with about 64% ($1.5 billion) of total global deal share $2.4 billion since 2013 from VCs.After the US (64%) , came in India with 7% deals, Canada with 5%, UK and China with 3% each, and Germany with 2%. Large deals above $1 million in India, include CureFit ($46 million), HealthifyMe ($7 million), HUG Innovations ($5 million), Boltt Sports Technologies ($1 million), Fitternity ($1 million), MobieFit Technologies ($1 million), Fitpass ($2 million). The largest fitness tech deal outside the US went to Munich-based fitness startup eGym, which produces cloud-connected gym equipment, in a $45 million series C round in the first quarter of 2016. The round saw participation from Bavaria Kapital, High-Tech Grunderfonds, Highland Europe, and HPE Growth Capital. The most well-funded fitness tech company outside of the US is also eGym, which has raised $60 million total in disclosed funding across two rounds - a $15 million series A in the third quarter of 2014 and $45 million series C last year.“Notable deals include Bengaluru-based CureFit's recent $25 million series B in the third quarter of 2017 and Malaysia-based fitness subscription startup KFit's $12 million Series A round in the first quarter of 2016,” it added.CureFit is one of the better known startups in the industry and has signed on actor Hrithik Roshan in a Rs 100-crore endorsement deal. The startup has both online and offline channels for healthcare.
Do you know how to use Android AIDL Service? This kind of services are services that can be consumed by other processes using RPC (Remote Procedure Call). In the other post we talk about Local Service, in other words, the application that hosts the service can consume it. Android AIDL Services are useful when we want to create some new functionalities and we want to distribute them as a library. An interesting aspect, we should consider when developing an AIDL service is that it can be called/consumed by components running in different processes. To support IPC (Inter Process Communication), in Android, we have to define an interface that describes the methods that will be exposed to the client. To create this interface we use AIDL (Android Interface Definition Language).
Considering that these remote services could be distributed as a library, we have to choose what we want to give to the client (as jar) so that it can call and consume our service. It is important, then, have the right project structures so that we can create the client jar that holds only the necessary classes. In the rest of this post we will focus our attention on this aspect too.
As an example, we will use the same example described last time where we get stock quotes.
Define a Remote Android AIDL Service
In order to create an Android AIDL Service we have:
define and create the service interface using AIDL Implement our service and override onBind method returning our interface Define objects that the client and the server exchange and deconstruct them at low OS level so that they can be marshaled and un-marshaled. In other words, our classes have to implement Parcelable interface. Configure our service in Manifest.xml file
For simplicity our interface is just made by only one method called getQuote. In this method we pass the Stock pojo class that holds the information about the stock code and the values that will be filled by our service in response. Our pojo class is called Stock. So considering all things said, we have that the AIDL is:
package com.survivingwithandroid.aidlservicetutorial.service; import com.survivingwithandroid.aidlservicetutorial.service.Stock; interface IStockService{ void getQuote(Stock stock); }
notice that at line 3 we simply import the Stock definition and at line 6 we define our method. On the other hand, we have to define in AIDL our Stock pojo:
package com.survivingwithandroid.aidlservicetutorial.service; parcelable Stock;
In this way, we defined our service interface.
If you want to know more details about how to use Parcelable interface in Android you refer to Android parcelable tutorial
If you use Eclipse (or Android studio) you can put these two files under source and the package name. Eclipse will create everything you need to use the service.
Implement the AIDL Remote Service in Android
Now we have our interface, so we can implement the “real” Android service:
public class StockService extends Service { ... @Override public IBinder onBind(Intent intent) { Log.d("Srv", "OnBind"); final ResultReceiver rec = (ResultReceiver) intent.getParcelableExtra("rec"); return new IStockService.Stub() { @Override public void getQuote(Stock stock) throws RemoteException { (new Thread(new Worker(stock, rec))).start(); } }; } }
As always to create a service in Android we extend the Service class provided by the SDK (line 1). The most important thing to do when we want to implement a remote service is override the onBind method and return our interface implementation (line 7). At line 9 we implement the interface method getQuote calling a thread to get the stock quote. Notice that here we used the ResultReceiver method to notify to the client the result.
AIDL Client implementation: Android Service Bind
The last step is implementing the client that calls and consumes the service. To develop the client we need:
The service interface (described in AIDL) The pojo class exchanged by the client and server
With these two elements we can create our client. We will see later how to structure the project.
When we use remote service we have to “bind” our client to the remote service. We can do it, for example, in onCreate method of our Activity using bindService method:
Intent i = new Intent(IStockService.class.getName()); ... bindService(i, serviceConnection, Context.BIND_AUTO_CREATE);
where serviceConnection is a listener we some callback methods that can be used to monitor the service connection status. So we have to create a ServiceConnection instance to handle:
Service connection event Service disconnection event
ServiceConnection serviceConnection = new ServiceConnection() { @Override public void onServiceConnected(ComponentName name, IBinder binder) { Log.d("Srv", "Service connected!"); service = IStockService.Stub.asInterface(binder); Log.d("Srv", "Service interface ["+service+"]"); } @Override public void onServiceDisconnected(ComponentName name) { Log.d("Srv", "Service disconnected!"); service = null; } };
At line 5, we finally get the service interface that can be used to call the remote methods on the service side. Once we have the service interface, it is possible to call its methods as if they are class methods.
Android Project structure
One important aspect we have to consider when developing a remote service is what the client needs to call our service. A very simple approach is mixing pojo classes, ADIL and service implementation in only one lib and distribute it to the developers that want to use our service. Even if this approach works, it has some drawbacks:
The jar could have a dimension big size and the client app developers have to include it in their app distribution we are distributing as jar our service implementation and maybe it is more wise to hold it in a different place Even if we don't modify the service interface and the pojos but only the service implementation we have the client and server jar not aligned
It is more wide, in my opinion, to structure the project in the right way so that we can distribute to the client developers only the class they really need. If we use Eclipse we can create two different project one for the server (our service implementation) and one for the client-side lib. One important this we have to remember is to mark this last one project as library: so we have
Now in the AIDLServiceLib project we add all the things the client needs:
AIDL Definition Pojos references in the AIDL
while in the AIDLServiceTutorial we have:
Now it is just a matter of making a reference between these two projects, in other words the AIDLServiceTutorial uses AIDLServiceLib as library:
Now if we want to create a client we simply create another project:
In this way, we decoupled the client lib classes to the service implementation and we can distribute the jar related to the AIDLServiceLib. The last thing to remember is set AIDLServiceLib as lib of the AIDLServiceClient.
One of the pleasant surprises Microsoft had in store for E3 this year was the announcement of Xbox One backwards compatibility support for original Xbox games. At the Brazil Game Show, we caught up with Xbox boss Phil Spencer, who provided some insight into where things stand with the upcoming feature.
"We're close, we're really close," Spencer said when asked for the status of Xbox backwards compatibility. "I have a little dashboard I go to and I can see all the games [and] where they are in getting approvals in the pipeline. I know the games that are coming for the original Xbox but I don't think we've announced them all. We have to do this in partnership with partners, but we're still on track. I feel really good. The games look great."
Spencer also remains confident that the feature will be out before the end of the year, as planned. "Oh yeah," he said about his certainty of a 2017 launch. He also teased that there are still details about backwards compatibility will work on Xbox One X that have yet to be revealed: "There's some stuff we're going to talk about in that space in terms of how compatibility's going to work on [Xbox One] X specifically that I think people will find pretty interesting.
"Some of the games hold up really well; some of them don't. But the gameplay mechanics and the smile [you got] on your face 15 years ago playing those games, those are things that are still there. I see it, like getting back to playing Crimson Skies, [it's] fantastic, and the game actually looks really good even though it's obviously been around."
Spencer mentioning Crimson Skies is expected, as it's only one of two games--along with Fuzion Frenzy--that have been confirmed as part of the program. "We have multiple games up and running--we just decided to tease the first one[s]," Microsoft executive Dave McCarthy explained about Microsoft's E3 reveal of the first two games. "There will be a library of games available, for sure." However, you shouldn't expect the library to be as big as that of Xbox 360 backwards compatible games.
For lots more from our conversation with Spencer, see the stories linked below..
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 14, 2016, 5:40 PM GMT / Updated April 14, 2016, 8:01 PM GMT By Kerry Sanders and Jon Schuppe
Authorities in Florida said Thursday they would not proceed with their case against Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, saying there wasn't enough evidence to convict him of attacking a reporter at a rally last month.
Lewandowski, 42, was charged by police with simple battery after Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields accused him of grabbing her as she attempted to ask Trump a question at a March 8 campaign event at Trump International Golf Club in Jupiter. But on Thursday, Palm Beach County prosecutors said that while Lewandowski had grabbed Fields — contradicting the aide's denials — the evidence was not strong enough to support a criminal prosecution.
Lewandowski initially said he never touched Fields, but video released by police showed that he did grab her. Palm Beach County State Attorney David Aronberg said in a news conference that the facts "undermine" Lewandowski's defense but "do not outweigh" his claim of innocence given the circumstances captured on video.
Security footage showing Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski grabbing former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields.
Related: Who Is Donald Trump's Controversial Top Aide Corey Lewandowski?
Aronberg and a deputy prosecutor who oversaw the case, Adrienne Ellis, said key evidence against charging Lewandowski was Fields' leaving an assigned press area and entering a "protective bubble" maintained by Secret Service agents. She then reached out and "brushed or touched" Trump with her left hand. Trump "recoiled," and Lewandowski, who was just behind them, pulled her away.
"We're not charging him because he was reacting to what he perceived as a potential threat," Ellis said.
The prosecutors said they'd relied on an affidavit submitted by a former FBI agent describing how Secret Service agents often created the "protective bubble" to keep unauthorized people, including the press, from the candidate, and that campaign workers often assisted in clearing a "safe pathway."
Aronberg pointed out, however, that a Secret Service agent was near Fields and Lewandowski at the time of their confrontation and "appeared to show no concern over her actions."
He also said that Trump had contacted his office to argue against charging Lewandowski and pointed out that Fields had touched him. But that contact was considered "incidental" and did not rise to the level of criminal conduct, Aronberg said.
Aronberg said Trump's calls did not impact his decision. He also expressed bafflement at the media's intense scrutiny of the case, which led to suggestions that his office was swayed by politics. Aronberg, a registered Democrat, said he was simultaneously accused of acting on behalf of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and Trump's Republican rival for the GOP presidential nomination, Ted Cruz, with whom Aronberg shared a dorm while in law school. Neither affiliation played a role in his decision, he said.
The Trump campaign released a statement saying Lewandowski was "gratified" by the decision to drop the charge. "The matter is now concluded," the campaign said.
Investigators spoke to Fields three times, and Lewandowski's lawyer several times, but never the aide himself, the prosecutors said.
Fields has said that the prosecutor's office called her two weeks ago and that she agreed to a deal in which Lewandowski would issue her an apology. She said she hadn't heard back about the arrangement, and a source familiar with the situation told NBC News that it wasn't clear whether Lewandowski had accepted the proposal.
Aronberg said Thursday that Lewandowski's lawyer had submitted a draft of a short apology this week but declined to describe it in detail. He said that talks of an apology did not have any impact on their decision whether to pursue charges. But he added, "had an apology been given at the beginning of all this, we could have avoided this mess."
Fields and three of her colleagues resigned from Breitbart, a conservative-leaning website, after it published an account questioning Fields' allegations. "I can't stand with an organization that won't stand by me," she said at the time.
Related: Breitbart's Michelle Fields, 3 Others Resign Over Trump Incident
Lewandowski remains Trump's campaign manager, but it's unclear whether he retains day-to-day control over the operation after veteran Republican operative Paul Manafort was recently appointed convention manager.
La Original Michoacana, an ice cream shop, is leaving the Bishop Arts District and relocating to Arlington because its rent has been raised. Selling reasonably priced, handcrafted ice cream can't produce the kind of profits needed to cover the new lease demands. The business owner, Eliodoro Aguilar paid $1,600 a month when he began, now the landlord wants $6,000 a month.
The store and its location have been a simpatico arrangement. People like ice cream, and they like spending time in the Bishop Arts District. The warm, reddish-brick buildings, repurposed frame houses and adjacent spaces are human-scale, with none higher than two stories. There are plenty of trees for shade, decent sidewalks and a diversity of choices for food, services and goods. Diversity, including on price, is an important reason the Bishop Arts area enjoys success and lives up to the hype.
xyz789
Diversity within this walkable corridor means there is something for everyone. But the question remains: For how long?
If developers and overeager landlords think that by raising rents they are going to capitalize on the current success of the Bishop Arts District, they are wrong. People who live in Oak Cliff are very attuned to supporting family businesses as well as to diversity. There's a type of human calculus that can't be measured by a real estate formula.
It's also misguided to think the loss of patronage from Oak Cliff residents won't matter because potential customers will come from elsewhere. The parking situation in and around the Bishop Arts District is at a crisis point. There are not enough parking spaces per business as is, and cars end up parked on adjacent residential streets. That causes stress among business owners over adequate parking for their customers, and stress between the overall district and its neighbors.
As one example, Eighth Street, which leads to the heart of Bishop Arts, is lined mostly by single-family dwellings. Those families endure continuous, clogged traffic. Both sides of the street are occupied by parked cars that sometimes block driveways for hours, making it impossible for residents to leave. Drivers often must negotiate past cars traveling from the opposite direction.
Seen through the eyes of residents, this choked corridor of a street poses safety concerns and possible delay if emergency vehicles must respond to their homes. What possible benefits can they reap from nearby businesses that cause them constant traffic grief?
For one, the availability of an affordable ice cream cone.
La Original Michoacana is an important component in the area's ecology for many reasons. Among them: it eases tensions in the neighborhood by offering a product that can be obtained by walking there or riding a bicycle. From a business point of view, that represents an offset that benefits the parking needs of other businesses. For that reason, and more, the time has come to discuss rent diversity.
Rent diversity is practiced all over the U.S. in cities people like to visit, chief among them New York City. It means in a given rental block, several spaces will be allocated for more affordable rents that are fixed or bound to a certain percentage of incremental increase. These practices protect against a constant flux of overdevelopment for the benefit of the wealthy at the expense and displacement of everyone else. Most of all, such controls make certain that a particular social fabric is maintained — where diversity is met with longevity.
Here is the the irony of the parking situation and the Bishop Arts District: the area initially was built to serve a trolley-car population — one where residents lived in shotgun apartments on top and had access to storefront businesses below in one consolidated area that didn't require a vehicle.
In some regards, the Bishop Arts District is the most like arrangements in northeastern states, where there is both population density and diversity in culture.
The time has come for the city of Dallas to evaluate the consequences of a mentality that development is synonymous with chasing higher rents rather than seeking equilibrium with residents and business owners.
Laray Polk is a multimedia artist and writer who lives in Oak Cliff. Reach her at laraypolk@att.net.
.
The news that President Trump had fired FBI Director James Comey came so suddenly and so unexpectedly that Comey himself didn't believe it at first.
Comey was in Los Angeles for a speaking engagement when the news broke. According to the New York Times, he thought it was a prank:
Mr. Comey was addressing a group of F.B.I. employees in Los Angeles when a television in the background flashed the news that he had been fired. In response, Mr. Comey laughed, saying he thought it was a fairly funny prank. Then his staff started scurrying around in the background and told Mr. Comey that he should step into a nearby office… Shortly thereafter, a letter from Mr. Trump was delivered to the F.B.I.'s headquarters, just seven blocks from the White House.
The Times's report is the latest piece of evidence that although Comey was, according to the Justice Department's rationale, fired for something he did months ago, the decision itself happened so quickly that virtually no one had any warning.
The FBI didn't know in advance:
NBC News: Multiple senior FBI and Justice officials say there was NO knowledge of Trump's announcement ahead of the release by White House. — Tom Winter (@Tom_Winter) May 9, 2017
CNN Justice Correspondent on-air now saying his phone currently blowing up with texts from FBI sources asking him if the Comey news is true — Asawin Suebsaeng (@swin24) May 9, 2017
"We have no idea what is going on,” an FBI officer in DC told @BuzzFeedNews. "It's chaotic here right now.” https://t.co/U9C6dQwto2 — Tom Namako (@TomNamako) May 9, 2017
Neither did Congress:
“President Trump called me at 5:30 p.m. and indicated he would be removing Director Comey, saying the FBI needed a change,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a statement. The White House announced Comey's firing less than 20 minutes later.
Top Republicans were also caught off guard:
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, asked how he learned the #Comey news: "On my iPhone while I was having a meeting...it was a surprise." — Emma Loop (@LoopEmma) May 9, 2017
All of this makes the timing seem unusual, to say the least. The Justice Department, according to a memo dated Tuesday and attached to Attorney General Jeff Sessions's letter, fired Comey because of the way he handled the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails during the campaign. But there haven't been any major developments in that investigation for months. So why the big rush on Tuesday?
Dear Friends,
I am seeking to raise finishing funds for the production costs associated with my current project, Forgetful Snow, running at The Kitchen in NYC May 8-17, 2014.
All of the funds raised through Kickstarter will go directly to pay the performers, including my main collaborators Talya Epstein, Maggie Jones and Molly Lieber, plus five additional performers, Lorene Bouboushian, Luke George, Federico Hewson, K.J. Holmes, Macklin Kowal and lighting designer Paul Clay, sound and video consultants, Paul Chavez and Howard Silver, as well as paying for the cost of rehearsal space, lighting and equipment rentals, set materials and construction, and other technical staff.
We could not do this project without your support. Any donation large or small is greatly appreciated and will help us realized this ambition new work.
I'm excited to share Forgetful Snow with you and look forward to seeing you at the performances at The Kitchen in May in New York and/or at The Box in Los Angeles in July.
Many thanks,
Melinda
All Kickstarter contributors will be acknowledged on Special Projects' website and in the performance program.
_______________________________
A triptych composed of two durational performances and an evening-length dance, Forgetful Snow investigates the transcendent possibilities of body and mind. By day, performers in the installations The Landscape and (Memory of) Snow Machine labor at searching for landscapes, retrieving lost moments of time and archiving the accumulating results. These simple tasks involving the body, video, and language are quietly focused and mysterious. In the evening, the dance is performed without clothing and accompaniment to strip it of layered-on meaning and emotion. Presented instead is an intimate and formally complex choreography with elusive performative demands and textures.
As Talya said about something Molly was working on yesterday in rehearsal, “that material is weirdly powerful.”
Having grown-up in Southern California, for me snow has always been an exotic substance. Forgetful Snow channels the atmospheric phenomena of snow and transmutes it into action, being and process to describe the landscapes, textures, and state of mind created by falling snow. Its choreography and other activities invite attentive observation—encouraging the audience to leave the world behind to continually experience anew what's in front of them.
January 21, 2014: “This winter, today, I looked around me at the landscape, mostly urban, but in the park too and I really tried to see the snow. I ask myself if Forgetful Snow is still an apt title for the work now nearly complete. I see a chaotic lack of intention similar to the one we've put forth in the dance. Bare trees softly edged with clean fluff and dirty piles pushed aside melting into pools of slush. Seeing this accumulation I feel viewers will be convinced that the work fulfills its title.”
_______________________________
Below are clips from early on in the process. Only some of this movement material is in the final version of Forgetful Snow (the dance), but the essence of this exploration, the feel of it, is definitely a part of the finished worked.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Antonietta Vicario and Talya Epstein improvising/generating material, on August 8, 2012, during our Lower Manhattan Cultural Council residency, in an office suite near Wall Street.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Molly Lieber and Maggie Jones on June 1, 2012 improvising/generating material.
_______________________________
SPECIAL AWARDS kindly provided by frequent collaborator Martin Kersels and Mary Collins:
Martin Kersels signed Mason Jar (pint) with "Tumble Room" Snow (detritus from 2011, Tinguely Museum, Basel)
Tumble Room Snow consists of small pieces created as Tumble Room (Basel 2011) rotated - tossing, tumbling and grinding the contents of the room. Click photo to see.
Signed Catalog - Martin Kersels: Heavyweight Champion, Ian Berry (2007)
Melinda Ring's "Huh?" (2007) included in the catalog.
Martin Kersels "Falling 9" Refrigerator Magnet
Martin Kersels "Tossing a Friend (Melinda 3)" Refrigerator Magnet
"Melinda Ring and I have collaborated on many projects over the last 25 years. It has always been a pleasure to work with her as I greatly admire her ideas, creative spirit, and work ethic. I believe that FORGETFUL SNOW will be a challenging work of great beauty. Please support Melinda's kickstarter campaign. I am supporting her with a contribution, and also by making this special Martin Kersels swag available. Get your holiday shopping done early!!" - Martin Kersels
Forgetful Snow was commissioned by the The Kitchen, NYC, and developed during residencies at Mount Tremper Arts, Lower Manhattan Cultural Council and Gibney Dance Center.
We are Project Upstream, the creators and maintainers of a network of robotic fish which provokes spontaneous conversations between random Internet users. Our mission has always been simple: to promote social ideals using innovative technology.Recently, a new player entered our field: Omegle , a Web site which pairs its users up randomly for Web-based chat sessions. Although it does not operate over instant messaging services, Omegle's functionality is very similar to our own.We have always had competitors -- some of which even preceded us -- but until now, we have accepted them. However, Omegle is not just a copycat; it is a copycat with commercial interests. Omegle sells an Apple iPhone application for profit, and its site features an advertising banner prominently.Project Upstream's ideas are intended for nothing but the advancement of society, and we consider it unacceptable for any person or group to appropriate them for financial gain. As of today, our enemy is Omegle, and our goal is its destruction.If you disapprove of how Omegle is using our ideas, we encourage you to inform them of your opinion via the Omegle feedback form . Project Upstream thanks you for your support.
In surveillance footage, a juvenile is seen carrying a gun and wearing a dark-colored coat and a light-colored sweatshirt. The gun accidentally went off in the mall on Thursday night. (Photo: Special to the Register)
West Des Moines police have located a male juvenile who allegedly accidentally shot himself at Valley West Mall, according to police.
Around 6 p.m. on Thursday, police were called to the mall on a report of a juvenile who accidentally shot himself. Witnesses say he was in possession of a firearm when it discharged, possibly striking him in the leg.
The juvenile male and another person left the mall in a vehicle, possibly an SUV, in an unknown direction. The gun was not left at the scene.
The juvenile was brought to a local hospital to be treated for his injury, police said.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2ioH12i
CLOSE Assistant District Attorney Kelly Wolford explains why her office is seeking a new trial for Charlie Tan. (Aug. 11, 2016) Will Cleveland
Buy Photo Charles Tan in court with defense lawyers James Nobles (right) and Brian DeCarolis. (Photo: MAX SCHULTE/@maxrocphoto/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER)Buy Photo
The Monroe County District Attorney's Office is seeking a new murder trial for a Pittsford Mendon High School graduate accused of fatally shooting his father last year.
The office on Thursday filed papers with state Supreme Court Appellate Division, Fourth Department asking the court to reverse then-County Court Judge James Piampiano's decision to grant a defense motion for dismissal and set free Charles Tan.
Tan, 20, was in his sophomore year at Cornell University on Feb. 9, 2015, when his father, Liang "Jim" Tan, was found dead in the second-floor office of their Coachside Lane home in Pittsford. Shortly afterward, Charles Tan was charged with murder and accused of shooting his father three or four times at close range with a 12-gauge shotgun.
Piampiano's decision followed Tan's four-week trial last fall which included 50 hours of deliberations by jurors and ended with a hung jury on Oct. 8.
Most people, including Tan's own lawyers, expected he would be scheduled for a new trial when they reconvened Nov. 5 in Piampiano's courtroom — two days after the judge won a 14-year state Supreme Court justice seat.
“It was clearly indicated to both sides that the intention of the hearing was going to be to set a new trial date,” said Assistant District Attorney Kelly Wolford, who is handling the appeal.
Piampiano shocked the courtroom and the community by dismissing the murder charge, ruling that the prosecution presented insufficient evidence at trial to support the accusation. The ruling surprised many, given that the law required Piampiano to consider the evidence in the "light most favorable to the prosecution," and there was evidence alleging that Tan made an admission to the homicide, that his mother said Charles Tan killed her husband, that Tan sought to purchase a shotgun shortly before his father was shot, and that Tan's fingerprint was on a spent shotgun shell and the ammunition box.
The 37-page brief filed Thursday re-emphasizes the “incredible amount” of evidence presented at trial, Wolford said.
Wolford acknowledged there is not a great amount of precedent of prosecutors attempting to appeal a trial order of dismissal, but said the "unusual circumstances" of the Tan case warranted it.
Wolford anticipated the regional appellate court would hear the case in 2017.
Tan's defense lawyer Brian DeCarolis said he received the paperwork Thursday.
"No I didn't anticipate this coming, because the district attorney on national TV said it was a dead issue," DeCarolis said regarding his interpretation of District Attorney Sandra Doorley's comments on an episode of NBC's Dateline.
DeCarolis said he took Doorley's comments to mean she would not be seeking an appeal or a new trial, as did Charles Tan.
"It is surprising and unfortunate," DeCarolis said, adding that Doorley's office is "being creative" because "there's not a good route to get the job (an appeal) done."
DeCarolis said he informed Tan of the decision immediately when he was notified of it Thursday afternoon.
"I called him as soon as I received it because he deserved to hear it from an appropriate source," said DeCarolis, who declined to reveal Tan's whereabouts. "He's not any different from anyone else, he wants to move on from this."
"He was surprised and understandably disappointed."
JHAND@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2b9qv0R
More than 1,500 starving sea lion pups have washed ashore on the California coast this year, many of which are on the brink of death. Animal rescuers are overwhelmed with calls to save them. A weather phenomenon caused by global warming may be to blame.
The emaciated pups are arriving at more than five times the normal stranding rate in the Golden State, from the shores of San Diego up to San Francisco.
Many are sick with pneumonia. Parasites have swarmed their digestive systems. Some are so tired that they cannot scamper away when rescuers ‒ or predators such as dogs ‒ approach them, the New York Times reported.
RT @Greenpeace: Warming oceans have flooded California with starving sea lion pups. http://t.co/dJhC3qjMLnpic.twitter.com/nd9hew2RUI — Reverend Billy Talen (@revbillytalen) March 3, 2015
“They come ashore because if they didn't, they would drown,” Shawn Johnson, the director of veterinary science at Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito, told the Times. “They're just bones and skin. They're really on the brink of death.”
Peter Wallerstein, director of Marine Animal Rescue in Los Angeles County, said his center is overwhelmed by the record number of sea lions in need of help.
Warming oceans have flooded California with starving sea lion pups http://t.co/pVjqTufzM7pic.twitter.com/lGEMcFSkmP — Quartz (@qz) February 26, 2015
“I'm just dealing with it one animal at a time, as best as we can,” Wallerstein said in an interview with Yahoo News. “We rescued four today [even though] we are limited to three a day because the rehab center is so full. We had to leave some adults on the beach. It's like a paramedic not having a hospital to bring a patient.”
“It's the highest number I've had in 29 years of rescues,” he said. “We get like 50 calls a day on sea lions.”
"I've had more than 200 so far this year," Wallerstein told KNBC. "So, we've doubled our rescues and there seems to be no end in sight."
“@KTLA: Rescuers unable to keep up with number of stranded sea lion pups http://t.co/vFBAq0rzS3pic.twitter.com/GGT23mz3qb” im gonna cry :( — shy (@shyennenikole_) March 10, 2015
“There are so many calls, we just can't respond to them all,” Justin Viezbicke, who oversees stranding issues in California for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), said on a conference call with reporters. “The reality is, we just can't get to these animals.”
It takes a lot of fish to feed all these hungry rescued sea lion pups but our team is ready to go! #SaveTheSeaLionspic.twitter.com/sNiMpzW131 — SeaWorldCaresCA (@SeaWorldCaresCA) March 10, 2015
SeaWorld announced last Friday that it was canceling its sea lion and otter show for at least two weeks. Instead of performing, the trainers will help the park's Animal Rescue team to provide aid to the sea lions stranded along the San Diego coastline.
"SeaWorld's entire zoological staff is working tirelessly to save the lives of these emaciated and ill animals. [We] have already rescued more than 400 sea lions in 2015, which is more than twice the number of marine mammal rescues the park would average in a typical year," the theme park said in a statement. "While the temporary closure of the sea lion and otter show may be a minor inconvenience to guests, we feel that it is important to ensure we provide the highest level of care necessary to give these stranded sea lions a second chance at life.”
Publicity Stunt or Genuine Caring? #SeaWorld Suspend #SeaLion Shows to Save Wild Pups In Peril http://t.co/38t6LGo4cjpic.twitter.com/THJo4lqfLI — PROTECT ALL WILDLIFE (@Protect_Wldlife) March 10, 2015
Experts believe this year's El Niño-type conditions ‒ bands of abnormally warm water have swept up the Pacific Coast since the waning months of 2014 ‒ might be responsible for driving sea lion prey deeper into the sea.
"It's been a really unusually warm year, and disruptive to the normal marine food web, from Baja all the way up to Alaska," Nate Mantua, a climatologist with NOAA's Southwest Fisheries Science Center, told National Geographic.
NOAA has not officially declared an El Niño, however.
With the animals' prey further away from their nesting grounds on the Channel Islands ‒ an eight-island chain off the Southern California coast ‒ mothers are leaving their pups for longer periods of time to hunt for food. The babies then begin to starve.
“The prey source is just too far away for the mothers to go out, get food and come back and wean the pups,” Jim Milbury of the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) told Yahoo News.
The pups then try to fend for themselves, but they are too young to travel far, dive deep or truly hunt on their own, scientists told the Times.
The sea lions are turning up under fishing piers and in backyards, along inlets and on rocky cliffs. One was found curled up in a flower pot.
Even the pups that remain on the Channel Islands are suffering. The NMFS ‒ a part of NOAA ‒ found that pups on the eight islands were 44 percent underweight, Common Dreams reported. Sharon Melin, a NMFS wildlife biologist, blamed climate change.
"The environment is changing too rapidly," Melin said. “Their life history is so much slower that it's not keeping up.”
The ocean is up to five degrees warmer in the northeast Pacific and off the West Coast ‒ probably a record, Mantua told the Associated Press. The same high-pressure system has caused has a four-year drought in the state.
The world experienced record-breaking ocean temperatures in 2014, and, for the first time, the rising measurements were not due to an El Niño phenomenon at the beginning of the year.
Thailand's coup leader General Prayuth Chan-ocha has been appointed prime minister by a legislature he hand-picked, giving the army chief a veneer of legitimacy even while the military presses on with efforts to silence its critics.
Although Prayuth's appointment on Thursday paves the way for an interim government to be set up in the coming weeks, power will remain firmly in the junta's hands.
Prayuth has effectively served as de facto premier since the May 22 coup.
The general has said he plans to press ahead with a year of political reforms before a new election that he said will take place by late 2015.
Al Jazeera's Veronica Pedrosa, reporting from Pattani in Thailand, said people were worried about the spread of militarisation from the country's south.
"It has happened before that there has been a coup leader that became prime minister, but it is very unusual," our correspondent said.
"Usually there is a civilian government that is put in place - technocrats who are experts. It could be a risk for him [Prayuth], because expectations will be very high surrounding him."
Prayuth was attending a miltary ceremony and was not in parliament when he was appointed premier, said our correspondent.
The 60-year-old is due to retire from the armed forces next month and the change appears aimed in part at ensuring stability and continuity as the military implements sweeping political reforms in the months or possibly years.
The military says it took power to avert further bloodshed and restore stability after six months of often violent street protests pitting supporters of ousted Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra against her Bangkok-based royalist opponents.
Any public dissent against the takeover was aggressively repressed by the army in the weeks following the coup.
Deep divides
General Prayuth, whose weekly speeches to the nation are tinged with nationalist overtones, has carried out sweeping changes since he seized power tackling everything from beach cleanup campaigns to energy policy.
He has outlined a three-phase roadmap of reconciliation, formation of a new government and elections to take place by late 2015.
Earlier this week, Prayuth appeared at Parliament to approve the next fiscal year's budget. He was dressed for the first time in public in a business suit, an apparent signal he was readying for the new job.
Prayuth's nomination must be approved by King Bhumibol Adulyadej, a formality likely to occur within a week. Prayuth will then name a new cabinet.
Thailand has not had a prime minister since caretaker premier Niwattumrong Boonsongpaisan's government was ousted in the May coup.
Niwattumrong held the position only briefly to replace Yingluck, who took office after a landslide 2011 election.
She was removed from office for nepotism in a court case her supporters say was politically motivated; she has kept an intensely low profile since the coup, part of a vast coterie of politicians who have been forced into silence .
Thailand has been deeply divided since 2006, when former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra - Yingluck's brother - was toppled in an earlier army coup after being accused of corruption, abuse of power and disrespect for Bhumibol.
UPDATE: a short while after the posting of this blog entry, James Murdoch, the executive chairman of News International and head of international operations at News Corporation, announced that he was closing the News of the World newspaper. The final edition of the Sunday tabloid will be published this weekend and will not carry commercial advertising. In a statement, Mr Murdoch says the newspaper and News International had "failed to get to the bottom of repeated wrongdoing that occurred without conscience or legitimate purpose". The full text is here. The statement, some already are noting, does not preclude the launch of a seven day Sun operation.
LOWER a piece of bacon fat on a string above a box full of ferrets, and you will have some idea how the world of the British tabloid press looks today, as former colleagues, bosses and friends turn on each other with a snapping of sharp teeth and a glinting of narrow, yellow eyes.
Pressure is mounting on Rebekah Brooks, the former editor of the News of the World and the Sun, and current chief executive of News International, the mighty media group that owns those two tabloids as well as the Times and the Sunday Times.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
It is getting hard to keep up with the torrent of new allegations, but at the moment the most lethal charge is that the NotW illegally hacked into the mobile telephone voice messages of the relatives of soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan.
This is a particular blow to a tabloid stable which has long wrapped itself in the flag, campaigning for “Our Boys” in the military and sponsoring annual “Milly” awards for brave servicemen and women.
Right on cue, papers from the NI stable have begun lashing out in all directions.
An especially choice article in the Sun this morning quotes MPs using parliamentary privilege to attack the Daily Mail and Daily Mirror, accusing the latter of using phone hacking to uncover a celebrity adultery story.
The Sun then turns on Andy Coulson, the former NotW editor who between 2007 and January of this year was communications director to David Cameron.
Here is an extract from the Sun's report, congratulating its parent company for finding emails in corporate archives, fingering Mr Coulson:
Cops have also been handed fresh emails, which allegedly show that former News of the World editor and No10 press boss Andy Coulson condoned payments from his staff to bent police officers. Documents from News International which appear to indicate Scotland Yard officers received payments from the paper have been formally referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission, the force said today. The company said in a statement: "The fact that these developments came as a result of voluntary disclosure demonstrates full co-operation with the police and News International's determination as a company to deal responsibly and correctly with the issues that have arisen." During the Commons debate, Mr Cameron said he took "full responsibility" for his decision to employ Mr Coulson, who quit in January.
Oddly, the report leaves out the bits of the parliamentary debate in which MPs alleged that Mrs Brooks and other NI executives had misled earlier parliamentary probes into phone hacking.
Amidst all this grisly murk, the day has at least seen a couple of moments of unintended comedy to lighten the gloom.
The first is this detail from the Guardian, which I shall treasure for a while:
News International (NI) continued its internal investigation into phone hacking at the News of the World. Senior sources said they were examining whether former News of the World journalists may have kept money claimed on company expenses instead of passing it on to police officers in exchange for stories. Paying police officers is itself illegal.
In other words, the paper's bosses fear some staff members may not have been honourable enough to pay policemen illegal bribes, but merely pretended to in order to trouser the cash.
The other moment of low comedy came on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, in a remarkable interview with a former head of the army and four star general, Lord Dannatt.
Lord Dannatt, it quickly emerged, was still having trouble coming to terms with the idea that when tabloid newspapers offer noisy support for “heroes” in the military, there might be a particle of self-interest involved.
Listen here, as the general audibly struggles with the suggestion from the presenter, Jim Naughtie, that it would amount to “hypocrisy” if the NotW really did hack into the phones of grieving military families, while all the while running sententious stories about "fallen heroes" and how much the paper cared for them. Here is a transcript:
Lord Dannatt: There is no doubt at all that the armed forces, and our deployed soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan in particular, have had great support from News International, from both the News of the World from the Sun, if you think about the annual military awards, the Millies, that was started and sponsored by the Sun, there is no doubt that they have given tremendous support. So therefore it is really very puzzling who has done what on the one hand, and who has done what on the other.
Naughtie: …there's a hypocrisy involved, isn't there?
Dannatt: Is it? There probably is an hypocrisy involved. Of course the issue which we can't prejudge, and I really don't know, is how far up if you like the News of the World or the Sun chain of command knowledge of this actually went. If it went to the very top, then I think it is desperately serious. But if it caps out at some level, then that is more handleable, and I think the whole support for the armed forces by News International is more understandable. But if it goes right to the top, then frankly one just stands back in absolute amazement.
Tune in next week, to hear Lord Dannatt reel on hearing that Al Capone's donations to the Chicago Widows' and Orphans Fund involved more than just altruism.
It's not the traditional five senses that Nokia Chief Technology Officer Marcus Weldon worries about.
For sight, sound, touch, smell and taste, it takes at least a tenth of a second for humans to notice changes. But for tracking the motion of our heads, we're something like 100 times more sensitive. That's a problem for augmented reality, which blends computer imagery with the real world, he said during a September tour of his company's Bell Labs facility in Sunnyvale, California.
Network equipment from Weldon's employer must deliver AR imagery with minimal delay to avoid motion sickness or missing data. A response time of just a thousandth of a second is a key goal for the next-generation 5G networks Nokia hopes will start supplanting today's fourth-generation mobile networks starting in about 2020. That may sound like an obscure tech stat, but Weldon promises it'll bring a revolution as big as the arrival of telephones.
"It's the once-in-a-hundred-years rearchitecting of the network,"
he said, and it'll give everything from power outlets to factories instant wireless access to massive computing power. "The goal is a brand-new network that will remove mundane tasks to create time for things that are more enjoyable, creative and productive."
The AR demonstration was just one of the experiments I saw when Bell Labs opened its doors to show off its work now that it's part of Nokia. Examples of its future tech include high-speed, short-range antennas responsive enough to remotely pilot a toy race car, fiber-optic networks reaching speeds of 1 terabit per second -- 1,000 times faster than Google Fiber -- and racks of computer gear called an Airframe designed to minimize network delays.
Nokia's attempt to blaze information technology paths got new influence by absorbing one of the world's most famous research facilities. Nokia Bell Labs is an updated name for the 91-year-old research facility Weldon leads. It's headquartered in Murray Hill, New Jersey, but its Silicon Valley campus, in Sunnyvale, is a big enough deal to host half of Nokia's board meetings.
Landmark R&D
Enlarge Image Stephen Shankland/CNET
Bell Labs began in 1925 with researchers from the two companies that operated it, American Telephone & Telegraph and Western Electric, which made the telecommunications equipment AT&T used in the US-wide Bell System of phone operations.
The lab has changed hands several times since the US government breakup of the AT&T phone monopoly in 1984. AT&T spun off Bell Labs and the Western Electric manufacturing operations as Lucent Technologies in 1996, but competition became global. French telecommunications company Alcatel absorbed Lucent in 2006, then Finland's Nokia took over Alcatel-Lucent in 2016. Nokia's staff increased Bell Labs beyond 1,000 researchers -- almost as big as it's ever been.
Bell Labs has a remarkable track record for discoveries and innovation.
Claude Shannon laid the computer industry's foundations by founding the field of information theory in 1948, describing how to measure information in binary digits -- bits -- and determining the maximum rate for sending data on anything from a telephone line to a Wi-Fi network. Peter Shor in 1994 figured out how a quantum computer could wipe out today's cryptographic data protections. Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie invented Unix, the powerful and influential operating system software.
A Bell Labs Nobel Prize -- in 1956, to John Bardeen, Walter Brattain and William Shockley -- paved the way for Silicon Valley. They invented the transistor, a small electronic amplifier that became the core component of today's computer chips. After decades of miniaturization, chips now have billions of transistors, and their silicon substrate gave the computing-industry heartland its name.
Thinking a decade ahead
Bell Labs isn't so devoted to basic research these days, but neither is it just looking for a quick buck.
"We think 10 years out,"
Weldon said.
Enlarge Image Stephen Shankland/CNET
So what's cooking?
The Future Cell , a compact, solar-powered radio station that Nokia dropped by drone onto a rooftop site to bring fast 5G connections to nearby houses. Up to eight of the cells can automatically link by radio connection to a bigger base station that ties into the internet.
, a compact, solar-powered radio station that Nokia dropped by drone onto a rooftop site to bring fast 5G connections to nearby houses. Up to eight of the cells can automatically link by radio connection to a bigger base station that ties into the internet. DeepX , a software project to bring artificial intelligence to devices as small as smartwatches. Deep learning, a key tool in today's artificial-intelligence technology, has caught on for things like translating text and identifying photo subjects. But AI experts like Google and Facebook typically need mammoth centralized computer data centers. Nokia's approach pushes some of the work to small devices to improve privacy and compensate for spotty network coverage, said researcher Markus Hofmann.
, a software project to bring artificial intelligence to devices as small as smartwatches. Deep learning, a key tool in today's artificial-intelligence technology, has caught on for things like translating text and identifying photo subjects. But AI experts like Google and Facebook typically need mammoth centralized computer data centers. Nokia's approach pushes some of the work to small devices to improve privacy and compensate for spotty network coverage, said researcher Markus Hofmann. High-speed radio links for homes . Millimeter-wave radio can transfer gigabits of data per second, significantly faster even than 1Gbps connections from services like Google Fiber. But the short-wavelength radio signals don't penetrate walls or turn corners like today's wireless networks. To that end, Nokia developed a matched set of magnetically linked network devices. An outside module sends and receives data from a nearby network station, while an inside module supplies the power and connection to the home network. "You really need to have the antenna on the outside of the home," said researcher Theodore Sizer II.
. Millimeter-wave radio can transfer gigabits of data per second, significantly faster even than 1Gbps connections from services like Google Fiber. But the short-wavelength radio signals don't penetrate walls or turn corners like today's wireless networks. To that end, Nokia developed a matched set of magnetically linked network devices. An outside module sends and receives data from a nearby network station, while an inside module supplies the power and connection to the home network. "You really need to have the antenna on the outside of the home," said researcher Theodore Sizer II. Nuudle "augmented thinking" software to go beyond Google. "Search has a bunch of fundamental flaws," researcher Chris White said: You need to know what you're searching for, the data must be tagged ahead of time so it can be sifted, and search results generally don't reflect individual priorities. But Nuudle presents data from several sources -- video, photos, websites, text files, sensors -- as circles on a roomwide touchscreen. Tapping the circle of something you're interested in increases its importance in your search and the prominence of related information.
Startups have exploited new Internet and mobile technology for the last 20 years, but it's time now for a fresh foundation, Weldon argued.
"We're entering a technology-intensive era," Weldon said. "Technology is going to lead and then enable new business models."
One of the country's leading family law firms says increasing numbers of female breadwinners are left feeling “aggrieved” when their less well paid husbands walk away with more generous divorce settlements.
Their biggest complaint is often that while they have shouldered bigger financial burdens and longer working hours than women in previous generations, their husbands have failed to step in to take on more of the responsibility on the domestic front.
The result is that they feel they have been doing “two jobs” – something the courts do not take into account when dividing assets.
Solicitors at Pannone, based in London and Manchester, say they have seen a threefold increase in the number of female clients in divorce cases who earn more than their husbands in the last four years.
It follows a national trend with one recent study estimating that there are now 2.7 million households in which women are paid more than men – something which is thought to have increased fivefold in the space of a generation.
Fiona Wood, a partner in family law at Pannone – which handles almost 400 divorces a year – said many well-paid female clients feel their husbands are being given an unfair share of the assets.
Couples' assets at the end of a marriage are divided on the basis of equality with their various needs taken into account.
Often the partner with the smaller salary can end up with a larger share of the equity of their home because they are judged to be less able to get a mortgage to buy somewhere new to live.
“Both spouses will need rehousing and if the husband's income is lower than his wife's, his mortgage capacity will also be lower,” she explained.
“He may therefore need more capital to enable him to obtain a suitable property.”
“However, many women still find it hard to believe that they will receive less than their husbands when they divorce, especially when they still seem to do the greater share of work around the house.”
She went on: “The traditional image of the family is that the wife and mother either doesn't work or doesn't work very much and is at home looking after the children.
“There are some complete reverses of that [with the husband staying at home and the wife going out to work].
“But there are a lot more where the husband is working but he might not be earning the sort of money that the wife is, perhaps without the same pressure or the hours as the wife.
“At the same time, what the wives are saying to me is ‘he didn't really pull his weight at home, I still had to go to work and then go home and work at home'.
“They feel quite aggrieved that they have been doing ‘two jobs' yet they have not got any credit for it.”
Gov. Mark Dayton has directed state agencies to hire more employees with disabilities, seeking to reverse an alarming decline in the state's hiring of disabled people.
The governor this week signed an executive order that directs state agencies to increase employment of people with disabilities to 7 percent by 2018, up from 3.2 percent in 2013.
The directive is a response to concerns that Minnesota has fallen behind much of the nation in the hiring and recruiting of people with physical and developmental disabilities. It also is seen as a way for Dayton to gain support among the nearly one in five Minnesotans who have a disability, defined as a physical or mental condition that limits a person's ability to perform a major activity.
In recent weeks, the Dayton administration has come under criticism from disability advocates for the slow pace of implementing reforms that would help thousands of disabled Minnesotans move out of institutions, such as group homes, and into their own homes.
"It's a slam dunk, politically," Galen Smith, co-facilitator of the Twin Cities chapter of ADAPT, a disability rights group, said of the governor's order. "This shows leadership while acknowledging the problem."
In Minnesota, the employment of disabled people by state agencies has not increased since Congress passed the landmark Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) in 1990, and is now below neighboring states. Iowa and Wisconsin have disability hiring levels of 4.4 percent and 5.8 percent, respectively. Minnesota's new target of 7 percent would still put the state below its 1999 level, when 10.1 percent of state workers identified themselves as having a disability.
Disability Hiring:How Minnesota Compares A push to hire disabled workers Minnesota lags its neighbors in the proportion of state employees with disabilities: Minnesota : 3.2 percent Iowa : 4.4 percent Wisconsin : 5.8 percent Federal : 5 percent
Beyond the 7 percent hiring mandate, the governor's order requires a series of other reforms designed to give disabled people more access to state jobs. This includes requiring all state hiring managers and human resources personnel to undergo training on the recruitment and hiring of people with disabilities, and to report their progress every quarter. The order also directs the Minnesota Management and Budget office to develop ways for employees to update their disability status.
"We think this will make a huge difference at the state level, and hopefully spread to other companies and businesses," said Alan Parnes, a member of the Commission of Deaf, DeafBlind and Hard of Hearing Minnesotans, one of about eight state councils and advocacy groups that helped craft the executive order.
The move by Dayton mirrors actions taken in recent years by other state governors and President Obama. Governors in California, Delaware, Florida, Ohio, Oregon and Washington state, among others, have signed similar orders requiring state agencies to increase hiring of people with disabilities, and in 2010 Obama called on the federal government to hire 100,000 people with disabilities within five years.
According to the U.S. Census, approximately 56.7 million Americans — or 19 percent of the population — had a disability as of 2010, with more than half of them reporting a disability that is severe. The disabilities range from difficulty hearing, seeing and walking upstairs to more complicated cognitive disorders such as autism. The national unemployment rate for people with disabilities is 13.3 percent, or more than twice the national average.
But as the early civil rights struggle to pass the ADA faded from memory, so did the focus on the recruiting and hiring of people with disabilities, said Roberta Opheim, the state ombudsman for mental health and developmental disabilities. "The attitude became, 'Well, we have the ADA so we don't have to worry anymore,' " Opheim said. "That doesn't affect my department or my division. There just wasn't a lot of emphasis on inclusive employment."
By the early 2000s, a number of large Minnesota state agencies stopped tracking the hiring and recruiting of people with disabilities, and the numbers began to decline.
In some cases, state agencies had been placing restrictions on certain jobs, requiring "oral communications skills" or "the ability to hear," discouraging deaf or blind people from applying even when accommodations could be made, said Mary Hartnett, executive director of the state commission for the deaf.
Late last year, the Dayton administration unveiled an ambitious multiyear road map — known as the "Olmstead Plan" — to expand Minnesota's range of community and home-based options for people living with disabilities and mental illnesses. The plan called for transitioning thousands of people out of state-run hospitals and other institutions and into less restrictive environments.
However, implementation has been beset by delays. Last month, a federal court monitor said county social workers across Minnesota have yet to be trained on how to provide individual support for disabled people moving out of institutions and into their own homes or communities, a key component of the plan.
"I feel like there is momentum in the right direction, but it's not enough just to have goals," Smith said. "You have to actually enforce those goals and hold people accountable when they're not met."
Twitter: @chrisserres
In October, the Wall Street Journal delivered an article that had the carry community talking: The Backpacks Are Coming: ‘Why Execs Are Ditching Their Briefcases'.
In the article, Roopal Patel, the senior vice president at Saks lamented:“At Saks Fifth Avenue in New York, white-collar shoppers are scrutinizing backpacks in much the same way men must have studied briefcases in the 1950s and '60s, and messenger bags in the 2000s. The backpack has exploded as the go-to accessory in the man's wardrobe.”
So it got us wondering here at Carryology: is there still room for the classic briefcase in a modern professional workplace? And generally speaking, what are the merits of a professional briefcase and a backpack?
To help answer these questions – and to pit the two against each other – our friends at Stuart & Lau provided us with their Cary Briefcase and Capstone Backpack. Both equal in style and build.
With these two gorgeous bags in hand and on back and a checklist of testing points, we set out to demystify modern, professional carry. And pinpoint a winner of the two (if we could…).
Space & Volume
“But whether you're an executive or an intern, a backpack suits the densely stacked schedule many men now face […] Does it fit his laptop and workout gear—how about a water bottle? A briefcase can get you to the office and back, but what if you have tennis at 8 a.m., meetings all afternoon and ceramics class at 7 p.m.?” (WSJ).
While both the Cary Briefcase and Capstone Backpack are nearly identical in volume (around 710 in3), the Capstone Backpack feels much larger. This is thanks to a cavernous main body.
The Cary Briefcase on the other hand – although kitted with exterior pockets and leather straps to carry things like newspapers (or the Wall Street Journal) – is slender. And so the ‘usable space' is spread thinner, canceling out things like lunchboxes and gym shoes.
So with versatility in mind, it's tough to beat the space and volume a backpack affords in and out of the office.
Backpack 1 – Briefcase 0
Access
Traditional boardroom bags were beautiful leather creations but the leather straps made getting anything out of the bag awkward. While Stuart & Lau still uses full-grain leather on their handles and trim, getting into these two bags is a breeze. Elegant zippers adorn the pockets of the bags and discreet magnetic tabs snap open to access sleeves.
The Capstone Backpack is about as accessible as professional backpacks come thanks to access from two identical side zippers and a top pocket.
However, the Cary Briefcase is ultimately more accessible not because the entire contents of the pack are in the same compartment, but because everything remains in the same orientation and smooths access because of it.
For quickly getting at your daily items and tools without having to repack your entire bag, a briefcase is your best bet.
Backpack 1 – Briefcase 1
Price & Value
“Sales of adult men's backpacks have grown steadily in the past two years […] increasing 5% to $864 million between August 2016 and this past August, representing 48% of the entire U.S. backpack market” (WSJ).
Professional carry doesn't come cheap. With their Capstone Backpack and Cary Briefcase, Stuart & Lau have managed to keep the price point reasonable, if not a bit low, for this market at $335 and $295 respectively. Granted there is minimal leather on these bags but they still feel luxurious.
Although the backpack is more versatile, the briefcase feels more substantial and useful for its purpose. And at a $40 cheaper price point.
Backpack 1 – Briefcase 2
Laptop Transport
“Laptops have replaced paper, so it's no longer necessary to have a rigid briefcase. Meanwhile the weight of all of the accessories can add up and call for more than a shoulder strap” (WSJ).
While this depends on what size laptop you're using, the Capstone Backpack fits a 15″ laptop while the Cary Briefcase fits a 13″ laptop.
Additionally the Capstone – and any well-designed backpack – has a separate laptop compartment that is slightly suspended, meaning the laptop isn't sitting flush against the bottom of the bag. This means you avoid that anxiety-inducing pang when you hear your laptop thunk against pavement (we've all been there).
So if you've got a laptop and like having it well protected, a backpack is superior.
Backpack 2 – Briefcase 2
Commute Comfort
This is a tough category – and a real tussle – because there are certain things about a briefcase and backpack we can appreciate.
For most people working in a professional setting, it's unlikely they're carrying tremendously heavy loads. Unless they're gym-goers or tech lovers that is, in which case the backpack wins hands down – two straps across the shoulders bears weight better, it's science.
But if you're an exec and just carrying a laptop, docs and business cards, a briefcase is totally fine. Especially in cramped commutes, when you can avoid inadvertently whacking people with your backpack.
Moreover, backpacks can wrinkle suits and shirts around the shoulders, and on hot days sweat up your back. So in hot climates and more formal offices, the briefcase gets the win.
So let's dig deeper: if you set the Capstone backpack down, you'll still need a hand on it because it's not freestanding. The Cary Briefcase however is decked out with hardware on the bottom to make it a freestanding bag, allowing you, for a time, to drop the weight completely (a nice plus).
With all that said, we're sitting on the fence for this one. It's a tie!
Backpack 3 – Briefcase 3
Look & Feel
“Men's backpacks have gotten more executive […] That means fewer sad-sack shapes in cheap polyester and more finely crafted designs in sumptuous leather.” (WSJ)
Both of these bags from Stuart & Lau look gorgeous. They're both constructed from the same materials so really this one comes down to personal taste (in our case we like the Capstone Backpack for its sweeping lines and graceful profile, but we're always a little partial to a backpack). And so if we zoom out and talk ‘professional carry' universally, there are still very few backpacks that nail it. And in comparison there are hundreds of beautifully crafted briefcases on the market…so we're giving this to the briefcase, ‘universally' speaking, that is.
Backpack 3 – Briefcase 4
Formality
“A briefcase, he mused, used to confer legitimacy on its owner, but that staid symbol of corporate success seems to have lost its mojo.” (WSJ).
The Capstone Backpack tries really hard to make up ground on its more formal brother, the Cary Briefcase. It's got a thick leather top handle so it can be easily carried at your side when you enter the office. It's got a very slim and discreet profile so will never look out of place. And its hardware and leather accents give the bag a good touch of elegance. But that said, unless you're working in a tech or startup culture, even a formal backpack still feels informal compared to a briefcase.
The Cary Briefcase is built on a tried and true platform. Stuart & Lau have added some excellent modern touches and given the bag some minimalist styling cues to update its profile. But like a well-fitting suit, a handsome briefcase will always be more dapper, and more at home sliding across the boardroom table.
Unless you work in a laidback office environment, a briefcase is your best bet.
Backpack 3 < Briefcase 5
Overall
Based on our scorecard, and despite the trend of professional backpacks taking the corporate world by storm, we still give the nod to the classic briefcase over a backpack as our professional bag of choice. Will it remain there for long? It just might…it's always hard to beat a classic.
This article is sponsored and presented by Stuart & Lau.
Disturbing video emerged Sunday showing Tuscaloosa, Ala. police officers ripping a University of Alabama student out of his apartment before tasering and beating him.
Videos recorded from outside of the apartment, which is located near the school's campus, also show other officers joining in the altercation and beating the student with a club or flashlight.
The Tuscaloosa police department is conducting an internal investigation of the incident, which occurred at around 3 a.m.
The full context of the incident is not clear, though students at the apartment said that police were responding to a noise complaint. The videos begin as a police officer is attempting to arrest a man who reportedly lives at the apartment. He refused to step outside of the domicile, saying he had done nothing wrong. The officer is heard saying that the man had grabbed his arm, though witnesses filming the incident disputed the claim.
WATCH:
The police officer is then seen pushing a friend of the man being arrested. He then yanks the target of the arrest outside of the apartment as one of several other officers at the scene uses a Taser on him. Another officer is seen beating the man.
A woman from inside the apartment begins screaming during the incident and runs outside. She is then pushed to the ground as officers jump on top of her.
“The cop came in without knocking, couldn't tell them why they're being arrested, abused their authority completely,” one witness wrote in a text message shared with The Daily Caller.
“It was disgusting.”
WATCH:
According to a website called Total Frat Move, the man who was arrested was charged with harassment, obstruction of government operations, and resisting arrest. He was held on $2,000 bail.
Tuscaloosa police are conducting an internal investigation of the incident.
.@TuscaloosaPD has forwarded videos of an arrest made this morning to internal affairs investigators. Full investigation to be conducted. — City of Tuscaloosa (@tuscaloosacity) November 9, 2015
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Pirates starter Edinson Volquez is interested in re-signing with the Pirates as a free agent, reports Rob Biertempfel of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review. The 31-year-old righty is also interested in achieving a multi-year deal in the coming offseason.
Certainly, Volquez has made good on the one-year, $5MM deal he signed with the Pirates before the season. He has worked to a 3.15 ERA over 185 2/3 frames, easily his most productive output since his emergent 2008 season. That is a factor in Volquez's desire to return to Pittsburgh. “I think I signed in the right place with the right coaches,” said Volquez. “They made me a better pitcher this year. So, I'd like to stay here.”
On the other hand, Volquez made clear that he hopes to parlay those numbers into a multi-year commitment. “You always want to sign for more than one year,” he said. “Especially now that I'm 31 years old, I'd like to sign with someone for two or three years and stay a little bit longer.”
It remains to be seen what level of interest the Pirates have in a reunion. Ultimately, if Volquez finds other clubs willing to plunk down a significant guarantee over two or three years, it is hard to see the Bucs beating the market. As stellar as Volquez's bottom line has been in 2014, he has succeeded despite a middling K/BB rate of 6.3 K/9 against 3.4 BB/9. With a .263 BABIP also playing a role in the outcomes, ERA estimators see little difference in Volquez's performance as against recent years, when his earned run numbers came out less favorably.
Plenty of news came out of Unity's Vision Summit keynote talk yesterday, including a look at a hugely ambitious new first-person shooter (FPS) for VR headsets, Seeking Dawn.
This game may have seemingly come out of nowhere, but developer Multiverse already has a few sneak peaks online. Based on the trailer below it looks like players fan expect a pretty polished shooter with role-playing game (RPG) elements and a beautiful world to explore. That's something we know a lot of people have been asking for in the VR industry.
“Seeking Dawn is a sprawling sci-fi game set on an alien world where the player has to fight for survival,” Multiverse founder and CEO Freeman Fan told the crowd at Vision. “We're looking to bring many of the mechanics of hugely popular sci-fi games into VR.”
That will apparently include a lengthy playtime — an official site suggests over 10 hours — as well as elements of exploration, crafting and combat. It's also set to feature co-op multiplayer.
“We know we can make a conventional game in VR more immersive, but can we make it as fun?” Fan asked. He talked about the difficulties of various aspects of VR development, like creating convincing full body gameplay without just resorting to using floating hands. “We're also working on mechanics that engage your hands, fingers and arms like climbing on the back of a mech or even grabbing an energy shield just in time to deflect an incoming grenade back at your enemy,” Fan said.
The studio is also very particular about movement within VR, noting that it doesn't want to use teleportation, as it breaks immersion. Instead, Multiverse will give players a range of options to navigate through the world convincingly.
Multiverse itself assembled in 2015 and is currently comprised of 30 people. Fan himself used to work at WeVR, the developer of the memorable introductory VR experience, theBlu.
The game is due to arrive on both the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive is aiming for release in summer 2017.
Tagged with: Seeking Dawn
The news that Match Game is being brought back, this time on ABC with host Alec Baldwin, is very exciting. Match Game is the best game show. It's the perfect blend of being a show you can play along with, while also being entertaining to watch. Of course, execution is also important, which is why the ‘70s version is so wonderful, and the ‘90s version is… best forgotten. Hopefully this new version will be more like the classic one. That comes down to the most important part of the Match Game setup, and what is the calling card of the show. That would be, of course, the celebrity panelists. You need six (and let us hope it is six) people who can play a game well, but also be funny and entertaining. The ‘70s version was loaded with talent, as this top 10 list can attest to. So, naturally, if one has any interest in this Match Game reboot, one is probably thinking of potential panelists they would like to see.
This article is no different. Here is an ideal six-person panel for this reboot, based upon the roles set up by the classic ‘70s version of the show. In addition to that, choices were limited to plausible panelists. You can get some notable names on a game show panel, but any name that is too big feels a little pointless to include. Sure, it'd be great if, say, Stephen Colbert or Will Ferrell was on a Match Game panel, but that's just not going to happen.
OK, enough preamble. Here's a perfect Match Game panel for this modern era.
Top Left
The top left panel is for, to put it bluntly, some random guy. The Match Game panel was gender balanced, and with two of the male panelists locked in for most of the show's run, that left one spot to go to a different gentleman each week. There wasn't any real rhyme or reason to whom would appear in the first chair. You'd get actors, comedians, and Hall of Fame pitcher Don Sutton (who was surprisingly good). Basically, if it's a guy, he can go here.
Given this breadth of choice, the selection here is Paul F. Tompkins. He's perfect for an environment such as this, as proven by his regular appearances at the UCB Theatre's version of Match Game. He's very quick-witted, sharp and hilarious, and anybody who has ever listened to his off-the-cuff podcast ramblings knows that he can turn that on on the spot. Plus his dapper attire would certainly make him stick out on a panel. While, traditionally, the top left panelist rotated week-to-week, hopefully Tompkins would be a regular part of any rotation.
Honorable Mentions: Jimmy Pardo, Andy Daly, Brandon McCarthy (he's not a future Hall of Famer like Don Sutton, but if any baseball pitcher were to appear on the panel, he's probably the best choice)
Top Center
This was Brett Somers seat, which means there are big shoes (or, big glasses, as it were) to fill. Brett was sort of the chairwoman of the panel, in a sense. She was almost always there, and she talked as much as anybody. Brett would dismiss answers, or questions, she didn't like, and was generally a firebrand. Oh, and she was funny to boot.
So what woman can capture the brassy, outspoken style of Brett Somers? Why, Jen Kirkman, of course. Now, hopefully Kirkman doesn't blanch at being thought of as the new Brett Somers. Brett was, you know, a woman of a certain age, as it were, but beyond that, Kirkman seems like she would be a natural fit on a Match Game panel. Also, much like Brett Somers, Kirkman likes to be fashionable and stylish, and, as a good friend of Paul F. Tompkins, she fits into this particular panel perfectly.
Honorable Mentions: Julie Klausner, Retta, Bebe Neuwirth
Top Right
Charles Nelson Reilly. He was great, but, in this modern era, would we really have another “Charles Nelson Reilly”? The wink, wink, nudge, nudge comedy about Reilly's sexuality is a bit of a relic of a different time, and, also, we aren't defining this role as simply the “gay panelist.” However, Reilly was a particular kind of campy comedic persona that is, oftentimes, associated with gay performers. He was also a total delight, and it is a kind of energy that would be really good to keep on the show.
The first name that comes to mind is Nathan Lane. Much like Reilly, and let us not forget that Reilly has a Tony, Lane is a Broadway actor, and if you have ever seen him on a talk show, you will recognize how easily he could fill Reilly's role on the new Match Game. He has a dry wit and has a penchant for sarcastic quips, and would probably be very funny in this context.
Honorable Mentions: Billy Eichner (not quite the same kind of performer, but he does a similar thing just much louder), Gabe Leidman, Bryan Safi
Bottom Left
The bottom left is sort of like the female equivalent of the top left. However, it's not quite just “a woman.” If they had a very funny, oddball woman, they would put her in the anchor seat, bottom right. The bottom left was more for actresses, often generally attractive actresses, who maybe weren't so strong at the game. It was usually a landing spot for charming women who just got by on that. Now, they weren't all bad at the game, but if you were going to find somebody who wasn't a particularly strong player, you'd find them in this seat. Of course, in this ideal version of the show, we are aim to find some good players.
If you want an actress with charm for miles, you can't do much better than Kate Micucci. She works primarily in the realm of comedy, and alongside Riki Lindholme is the musical comedy duo Garfunkel & Oates. Whatever you think about Garfunkel & Oates, you'll probably agree that Micucci is amusing during her frequent podcast or talk show appearances. Her main strength is a somewhat cutesy charm, which would work well on a Match Game panel. Based on the episodes of Doug Loves Movies she's done, she'd bring an energy that people would likely enjoy. Basically, if she did give a bad answer, she could get away with it.
Honorable Mentions: Kaitlyn Olson, Natalie Morales (the actress, not the lady from The Today Show), Sarah Burns
Bottom Center
OK, this is where things get serious. This is Richard Dawson's seat, and that means we need somebody who is great at the game. Somebody who is going to take this seriously. Somebody who isn't screwing around. Because, at some point, it's time for contestants to play for cash, and they need somebody they can rely on. Also, a quick side note that feels appropriate at this time, they better not bring back the Star Wheel for the Head-to-Head Match. The contestant needs to be able to pick who they want. Back in the day, they all picked Dawson, and this needs to be somebody everybody can pick as well. If they can be funny, as Dawson was, so much the better.
If you are positing people to fill the role of Richard Dawson in Match Game, and you don't suggest the name Rich Sommer, Sommer would probably (rightfully) be annoyed. He feels like the kind of person who would be upset to not be mentioned in this conversation. This is why he is perfect for the role. Sommer, of Mad Men fame, is an affable presence, but, more importantly, he is super enthusiastic about games, and takes them seriously. If you have heard him on Doug Loves Movies, or on his own boardgame podcast Cardboard, you know that he loves playing games, and he wants to do well. Rich Sommer would love to be the guy everybody picked for Head-to-Head, and he would be up to the task. He's the guy you want there when there's money on the line.
Honorable Mentions: Andy Richter (although, given his duties on Conan, he probably couldn't be a regular like Dawson), Michael Ian Black, Neil Patrick Harris
Bottom Right
This is, with all due respect, the real money seat, and the one that is the most interesting to try and figure out names for. The bottom right, the anchor chair, the one that gives the final answer, was the home of the likes of Betty White, Fannie Flagg, and the true queen of Match Game (sorry Brett fans), Patti Deutsch. You need a really funny woman, but usually it was also a specific kind of woman. This is the “weirdo” seat. It works to have oddball energy here, somebody who can come up with interesting, weird and delightful answers. Being funny is the number one goal.
There is a litany of funny women out there, but when it comes to finding a particularly funny woman who fills the role of the resident “weirdo” on the panel, Chelsea Peretti immediately springs to mind. If you want oddball energy, you're going to get it from Peretti. However, she could also probably be herself, and be funny, while not completely overtaking the show. It could still function as a game show, and she could still function as a game show panelist, while still being funny in her specific way.
Honorable Mentions: Charlyne Yi, Claudia O'Doherty, Kristen Schaal
Chris Morgan is not the author of THE book on Mystery Science Theater 3000, but he is the author of A book on Mystery Science Theater 3000. He's also on Twitter.
How I reached my first 5,000 readers
Some time in the last week, the five thousandth copy of Realms Unreels found its way into the hands of my five thousandth reader. Here's a timeline of my readership growth.
November 2010 through October 2011 — 9 readers
Over the year I spent writing Realms Unreel, six beta readers and three freelance editors read the Realms Unreel manuscript.
November 2011 — 9 + 33 = 42 readers
I released Realms Unreel on the Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble nook stores in late November 2011. By the end of the month, 33 readers, all or most of whom were likely close friends and family members, purchased a copy of the ebook.
Final tally for November:
30 Kindle purchases
3 Barnes & Noble nook sales
December 2011 — 42 + 78 = 120 readers
In early December, I released the paperback version of Realms Unreels. In mid-December, I launched a Kickstarter project for Realms Unreel. In late December, I decided to make the ebook version of Realms Unreel available exclusively on Amazon to take advantages of the Amazon KDP Select program, which would enable me to run a free promo of the Kindle version of the book, as well as make my book available for borrowing by Amazon Prime members through the Kindle Owner Lenders Library (OLL).
Final tally for December:
46 Kickstarter backers
28 Kindle purchases
3 paperback sales
1 OLL borrow
January 2012 — 120 + 3,588 = 3,708 readers
In mid-January, I successfully reached and ultimately exceeded my $5,000 Kickstarter goal. On January 28th and 29th, I ran my first free promo of Realms Unreels on the Amazon Kindle store.
Final tally for January:
3414 free Kindles downloads
88 Kickstarter backers
68 Kindle purchases
14 OLL borrows
4 paperback sales
February 2012 — 3,708 + 1,032 = 4,740 readers
In the aftermath of my free promo of Realms Unreels, I had a short bump in paid sales that tapered off after about five days. In mid-February, seeing my paid sales slowing significantly, I decided to run a second free promo, this time for just 24 hours. On February 23rd, I started my first Facebook ad campaign, which was a boon to both my paid sales and my Amazon sales rankings.
Final tally for February:
604 Kindle purchases
329 free Kindles downloads
72 OLL borrows
27 paperback sales
March 2012 — 4,740 + 558 = 5,298 readers … and counting
As of this morning (Saturday, March 10th), I'm continuing to run my Facebook ad campaign, and my reader tally for March is:
Currently, only six U.S. states allow prison conjugal visits within their prison systems: California, Connecticut, Mississippi, New Mexico, New York and Washington. Originally, prison conjugal visits were used as an incentive to motivate working prisoners to be more productive. They were scheduled visits that allowed the prison inmate to spend one-on-one time with his or her legal spouse. Prisoners were lured by the idea of having the opportunity to have sexual contact with their spouses. Today, the main purpose of these visits is to preserve the family unit. That is why they are now called Extended Family Visits. These visits can include the legal spouse, but are also open to other immediate family members, including the inmate's children. The states that allow Extended Family Visits believe that preserving the bond of the family unit makes the chances of the inmates rehabilitation greater. It is also believed that it helps to lessen the chances of them reverting back to a life of crime and returning to prison after release. Protecting the family bond does not just benefit the inmate, it is also important to the spouse, children and other immediate family members. It allows them the chance to interact privately with each other, just as any other family does. Together, they can talk, laugh, watch television, read, play games, cook and eat in an atmosphere that resembles that of an actual home or hotel suite.
The visits take place on prison grounds in apartment-style homes, with one or more bedrooms. They are fully furnished and equipped with appliances and cooking and eating utensils. Usually, up to three visitors are allowed at a time. They are allowed to bring approved food items to cook together as a family. Depending on the state's policy, these visits can be anywhere from a few hours to 72 hours, and usually take place over the weekend.One unified policy that all six states agree on is that Extended Family Visits are “not a right, but a privilege.” Prisoners must earn the opportunity to participate in this program. They must be low-to-medium security level prisoners, with no history of disciplinary problems within the prison system. They cannot be incarcerated for violent offenses or have a history of child abuse or domestic violence. Prisoners being housed in maximum security level prisons are not eligible, even if they meet all other eligibility requirements. They must undergo testing for and be free of HIV and all STDs.
Visitors must also meet certain criteria. They must be approved by the state prison system for visits with the inmate. This requires passing an extensive criminal background check. For spouses, proof must be provided that a legal marriage exists. All other immediate family members must provide proof of their immediate relationship to the prisoner. While on prison grounds, visitors must follow all state prison visitor rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, dress codes. Prison visitors must undergo a full body search whenever they enter or leave the prison for Extended Family Visits.
Supporters of Extended Family Visits truly believe that they are instrumental to keeping families together and strong. Married couples get personal, quality time together. Parents and siblings get a chance to spend time with their loved ones. Incarcerated parents get full parental contact with their children. These privileged prison families get the opportunity to interact with each other like a “normal” family, if only for one weekend.
What are the odds that the Pirates trade Andrew McCutchen?
I'm guessing good.
Go back to July 30, the day that the Pirates sent reliever Mark Melancon to the Nationals for left-hander Felipe Rivero and minor-league lefty Taylor Hearn.
Article continues below ...
The Pirates were in contention then, just three games out of the second wild-card spot. Their current position — buried in the wild-card race, six games back in the NL Central — is worse. And they just lost two of three to the expected division champion, the second-place Cubs, whom they trail by 3½ games.
It's not out of the question that the Pirates will rally in the six weeks leading to the non-waiver deadline. More likely, though, they will be in roughly the same position as they were last year, when they traded Melancon and left-hander Francisco Liriano in moves that seemed curious at the time, but — in combination with the acquisition of right-hander Ivan Nova — demonstrated impressive foresight.
McCutchen, the former MVP who sparked the Pirates' renaissance, is more of an institution in Pittsburgh than Melancon was. But the Pirates discussed McCutchen in trades last offseason; the shock value of dangling him is gone. And now that McCutchen has revived offensively — producing a 1.157 OPS in his last 90 plate appearances after spending two days out of the lineup and dropping from third to sixth in the batting order — he's starting to look like this year's Melancon.
Then again, the Pirates might keep McCutchen, 30, if they come to view themselves as a legitimate contender, even pick up his $14.5 million option if he finishes strong — they've carried other players to free agency before, most notably catcher Russell Martin and righty A.J. Burnett.
Indeed, the case for holding McCutchen is not without merit, considering the uncertainties the Pirates face in their outfield.
Starling Marte, 28, is scheduled to return from his 80-game suspension for performance-enhancing drugs shortly after the All-Star break, but the Pirates won't know by the deadline if he will be the same player as before. Gregory Polanco, 25, has produced only a .679 OPS this season, but some of his regression might be due to his .271 batting average on balls in play. Top prospect Austin Meadows, meanwhile, has only a .676 OPS at Triple A, though he just turned 22.
Still, the Pirates almost certainly will continue betting on Polanco and Meadows. They've got Marte under control through 2021 at salaries that will be reasonable even if he becomes a lesser player. And they know that they actually improved after their deadline trades last season — they were a half-game out of a playoff spot on Aug. 28 before injuries wrecked them in September.
If they traded McCutchen, they would not necessarily be conceding — they could replace him with Meadows or perhaps someone they acquired in a trade, maybe another outfielder, maybe an infielder who would allow Adam Frazier and/or Josh Harrison to play more outfield.
Again, go back to last year's deadline.
Nova proved a revelation, and the Pirates re-signed him to a three-year, $26 million free-agent contract. Rivero emerged as a top reliever, one the Nationals could use right now. Even the most controversial deal — Liriano and two prospects to the Blue Jays for righty Drew Hutchison – has worked to the Pirates' advantage.
Escaping Liriano's $13 million commitment for 2017 not only saved the Pirates from a pitcher who currently has a 5.36 ERA, but also created the flexibility for them to re-sign Nova, extend third baseman David Freese and sign free-agent reliever Daniel Hudson.
The rest of the deal, to this point, is a wash. Hutchison, currently at Triple A, has not been what the Pirates envisioned, but the prospects who went to the Blue Jays, catcher Reese McGuire and outfielder Harold Ramirez, are struggling at Double A.
The Pirates did not tear down a year ago, and even if they trade McCutchen they do not intend to tear down now, according to sources with knowledge of their thinking. Hence, they are unlikely to trade right-hander Gerrit Cole before the deadline, not when they control him for two seasons after this one.
Cole, Nova and righty Jameson Taillon will give them a formidable top three through at least 2018, and they've got any number of young pitchers who might fill the other two spots — Tyler Glasnow, Chad Kuhl, Trevor Williams, Steven Brault, Nick Kingham.
The formula has not worked this season, in part because the Pirates lost Marte and third baseman Jung Ho Kang, in part because McCutchen barely contributed for two months, in part because Cole produced four straight miserable starts in late May and early June.
Doesn't mean it won't work in the future. Doesn't mean it won't work without McCutchen.
Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports
ARRIETA CONCEDES EFFECT OF WORKLOAD
Cubs right-hander Jake Arrieta acknowledged to me Friday what a lot of people have been thinking: That his workloads the past two seasons have taken a toll on his pitching.
“As much as we don't want to say that it carries over from season to season, throwing almost 500 innings over the past two years, I think it did have some effect,” said Arrieta, who threw a combined 468 1/3 innings in 2015-16, including postseason.
“I'm not hurt or injured. It's just that I think my body has reacted accordingly and it's taken a little bit longer to regain the form that I would like to be in.”
Only one pitcher, Max Scherzer, has thrown more innings than Arrieta since the start of '15. Scherzer, however, has experienced no decline in performance, and he's more than two years older than Arrieta, who turned 31 on March 6.
Hall of Fame pitcher John Smoltz, after I mentioned Arrieta's remarks during Saturday's Cubs-Pirates broadcast on FOX, said that too much emphasis is placed on innings in today's game, and correctly noted that Cubs manager Joe Maddon protected his starters as much as possible during the 2016 regular season — Arrieta threw 197 1/3 innings, down from 229 the year before.
Still, Arrieta started Games 2 and 6 of the World Series and warmed up for a potential relief appearance on zero days' rest in Game 7. While most starting pitchers rest in October, the ones who reach the World Series work not only for an extra month, but at maximum effort the entire time.
Each of the Cubs' principal starters is performing worse than he did last season, and righty Kyle Hendricks currently is on the DL with right hand tendinitis. The Indians' starters who pitched in the World Series also have regressed, and ace righty Corey Kluber earlier missed nearly a month with a lower back strain.
Arrieta, a free agent at the end of the season, has a 4.64 ERA after 14 starts. His average fastball velocity is down from 93.6 mph to 91.8, according to Fangraphs. He said he is learning to pitch differently, placing a greater emphasis on command, changing speeds, disrupting hitters' timing.
“That's just another facet of the game that you have to try and perfect, using information that hitters give you vs., ‘Ok, I've got 95 to 97, let's throw a sinker, middle down, and see what happens.'” Arrieta said.
“I can still do that quite a bit. But there are two or three guys in each lineup where it doesn't matter how hard you throw, if it's in the area they're looking, they're probably going to do some damage.
“It's trying to pitch away from guys' slug, knowing where their hot zones are, pitching accordingly. But at the same time, if I have three or more pitches working that day, it still doesn't matter that much.
“The delivery is close to where I'd like it. I'm really commanding the ball glove-side, fastballs to my glove side, whether it's in to lefties or away to righties. With my delivery, if I command that pitch, it'll make it difficult on guys.”
MORE ON ARRIETA
Arrieta, in our conversation Friday, also revealed that he has been dealing with a difficult family matter – about two weeks ago, his mother-in-law, Debbie Andrews, underwent her second brain operation in six months.
The first surgery removed a tumor; the second, which took place at the Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, Az., repaired an aneurysm. The good news, according to Arrieta: Debbie recovered “extremely well.”
Arrieta said he rented a house in Arizona so his wife, Brittany, and two children could be close to Debbie, and he joined them on an off-day June 1 when the Cubs were traveling between San Diego and Chicago.
The situation, he said, did not affect his pitching in any way.
“Not at all,” Arrieta said. “Did I think about it? Did I worry about it a lot? Yes. But I was still able to separate – I have to train, I have to prepare, I have to scout, I have to go pitch.
“A lot of my day was concerned with (Debbie). But while I was here I was able to focus on certain aspects of the game. It's something we have to do … That's what this game calls for. Sometimes you have to be mentally tough enough to put some things out of your mind.”
Brad Hand. Jake Roth-USA TODAY Sports Jake Roth-USA TODAY Sports
PADRES SHOWING THEIR HAND
One rival executive says the Padres are looking for a “Will Smith-type return” for left-handed reliever Brad Hand, who is under control for two-plus seasons.
Such an ask might appear aggressive – Smith was under control for three-plus seasons at last year's deadline when the Brewers sent him to the Giants for minor-league right-hander Phil Bickford and catcher Andrew Susac.
Hand, though, is performing better than Smith was then, with 48 strikeouts, 12 walks and a 2.84 ERA in 38 innings. Hand also has been healthy all season; Smith missed the first two months of 2016 due to a torn LCL in his right knee.
In any case, the Smith trade has been a disappointment for both clubs.
Smith underwent Tommy John surgery in April. Bickford, the 18th overall pick in the 2015 draft, is serving a 50-game suspension after testing positive a second time for a drug of abuse. And Susac, who twice has been on the disabled list this season, is batting .151 with a .504 OPS at Triple A.
AP/Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
THE FREAK (EAST COAST VERSION)
Orioles third baseman Manny Machado is still batting only .217 with a .715 OPS, but his brother-in-law, Athletics first baseman Yonder Alonso, said not to worry.
“When Manny gets hot, he gets hot,” Alonso said. “I don't worry about too much about him. He's such a freak.
“The things he does, nobody else does. I can't do things he does. He tells me things in the batting cage that I should try. I'm just like, ‘I just can't do those things. I'm not 6-3 (Alonso is 6-1). I don't have long arms. Your wingspan is humongous. I don't have that.'
“You should see him on the basketball court. He does windmills and dunks it. He does a 360 and dunks it. I'm like, ‘How do you do that?'”
AROUND THE HORN
*Don't expect the Cubs to give up any of their young major-league hitters in a trade, knowing that they could be making a major mistake if they overreact to a few bad months from any one player.
The bottom line is that prospects do not always follow a linear progression, and some of the Cubs' youngsters are remarkably inexperienced, even though all but Ian Happ played in the World Series.
Kyle Schwarber has 533 regular-season plate appearances, Willson Contreras 489, Albert Almora Jr. 259 and Happ 118.
*The Pirates' Rivero on the reception he received in Pittsburgh after arriving in the Melancon trade:
“At first, the fans were tough,” he said. “People were asking, ‘Who are you?' I was like, ‘Man, people don't know me here. What am I doing here?' But after two or three weeks, after I started pitching, they were excited about what they got. This year, they're crazy about me. I'm home right now.”
*Want a comp on the Rockies rookie right-hander Jeff Hoffman, who has a 2.25 ERA in 32 innings?
Cubs catcher Miguel Montero offered a good one: Josh Beckett.
Hoffman is 6-foot-5, 217 pounds; Beckett at the end of his career was listed at 6-5, 230.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Hate crime against gay, lesbian and bisexual people in Britain has risen by a massive 78 per cent in the last four years.
The proportion of gay, lesbian and bisexual people who have experienced a hate crime rose from nine per cent in 2013 up to 16 per cent in 2017.
The new research by Stonewall based on YouGov polling of over 5,000 LGBT people has kicked off the group's #ComeOutForLGBT campaign to encourage people to report hate crimes and show support.
Currently, four fifths of hate crimes against LGBT people are not reported to the police, the research found.
Chief Executive of Stonewall Ruth Hunt said: “While we have come a long way in the past 25 years, it is clear there is still a huge amount of work we need to do before all LGBT people can feel safe, included and free to be themselves in Britain today.
“This report warns against complacency, and stands as a call to action for everyone who supports equality. We now need to work together, to bring forward the day when no individual faces hatred or discrimination simply because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
“At Stonewall, we want everyone across Britain who feels impacted by reading this report to join our campaign and pledge to come out for LGBT people everywhere, as visible allies.
“Together we can create a world where LGBT people are accepted without exception.”
In total, 21 per cent of LGBT people experienced a hate crime or incident due to their sexual orientation and/or gender identity in the last 12 months.
Beyond its headline figures, the research also broke down the numbers for hate crimes directed at certain groups within the LGBT community, with some groups at much greater risks of incidents than others.
Trans people were especially at risk of such incidents, with 41 per cent experiencing a hate crime or hate incident because of their gender identity in the last 12 months.
And 34 per cent of black, Asian and minority ethnic LGBT people have experienced a hate crime based on their sexual orientation and/or gender identity in the last 12 months, compared with 20 per cent of white LGBT people.
Prosecutors in the UK recently suggested that biphobic hate crime is distinct from homophobic hate crime and should be recognised as such.
Shocking figures released earlier this year after research from Pride in London found that almost half of LGBT Londoners have experienced hate crime.
Stonewall has made the following recommendations for LGBT people:
1. Take a visible stand against LGBT hate crime, join Stonewall's ‘Come Out for LGBT' campaign and show your support for LGBT equality in all forms. Encourage your friends, family and colleagues to join the campaign.
2. Call out online anti-LGBT abuse whenever you see it, so long as it is safe to do so. Support those being targeted by letting them know you are an ally.
3. Let local business owners know if you witness an anti-LGBT incident from staff or other customers so that they can tackle it. Make clear that they could risk losing you and others as customers if they don't
4. Report incidents of homophobic, biphobic or transphobic discrimination you experience when accessing public services like housing or social services to the service provider or local council so they can take action. Contact Stonewall's Information Service on 08000 50 20 20 for advice and support.
Emma Roberts is returning to “American Horror Story” with the new season, “Cult.”
Roberts is the latest “AHS” alum and member of the Ryan Murphy repertory to be cast in “Cult,” which marks the seventh season of the FX franchise.
“American Horror Story” creator Murphy announced the news of Roberts' return on Instagram, writing, “Look who showed up on the set of ‘Cult' looking glamorous and ready for action.” Roberts posted the same exact photo on her Instagram with the caption: “I've joined #ahscult will you?”
FX also confirmed with Variety that Roberts is indeed returning to “AHS” Season 7.
In the photo, Roberts is sporting darker-colored hair and is wearing a beige trench coat over a white outfit with a very large knife in hand.
If Murphy's caption of being “on set” is any indication, it's safe to assume the outfit in the photo is one of Roberts' costumes, giving away clues of her character's aesthetic, at the very least — which for “AHS” is worth something, given the series' history of keeping details on lockdown.
Democracy Now on the imprisoned Yemeni journalist Must-watch TV on a story that should be a scandal, plus: the revealing defenses of Obama in this case
(updated below)
It's very rare that I write primarily for the purpose of posting a video, but I'm going to make an exception today for this truly compelling, must-watch Democracy Now segment on the Jeremy Scahill article about imprisoned Yemeni journalist Abdulelah Haider Shaye which I wrote about yesterday. This is political television as good as it gets: it not only has an in-depth discussion of Obama's central role in Shaye's imprisonment with Scahill and Mohamed Abdel Dayem of the Committee to Protect Journalists, but it also contains substantial video footage of the interviews in Yemen which Scahill conducted to write this story. I'm posting this segment below because I don't think there's anything I can write today that will be a better use of your time than this: if you can find 30 minutes or so to watch this segment, I assure you it will be time very well spent.
Advertisement:
The one thing I will note is this truly amazing and indescribably revealing defense of President Obama on this story from Mother Jones's Kevin Drum. Drum simplistically posits that there are only two choices -- you either (1) believe that the imprisoned journalist really is an Al Qaeda member or (2) believe that Obama is a "muderous sociopath" -- and since Kevin simply does not believe that the good, kind, noble President Obama would ever want a journalist imprisoned unless he believed he really were a Terrorist, he's willing to disregard all of the evidence Scahill gathered in Yemen, as well as the consensus of human rights groups and journalist associations that he was engaged in pure journalism, and simply believe -- with zero evidence -- that Shaye is a Terrorist. Read it for yourself:
So what kind of person would pressure the Yemeni president to keep an innocent journalist in prison over a slight so tiny as to be nearly nonexistent? Almost literally, this would be the act of a sociopath. . . . But which do I find more likely? That Shaye is indeed affiliated with al-Qaeda based on evidence that hasn't been made public? Or that Barack Obama is a sociopath who pressures foreign leaders to keep innocent journalists in prison based on the fact that they very slightly annoy him? Call me what you will, but I have to go with Door A.
My reply to Drum in his comment section is here, and Scahill's multiple replies to Drum on Twitter are here, but Drum's defense really speaks for, and negates, itself. Needless to say, the people who wake up every day literally with no purpose or political argument other than to glorify the Great President and highlight the flaws of his adversaries and critics -- literally as in: their political worldview finds no expression beyond the adolescent, simple-minded tribal cry of Democrats Good, Republicans Bad! -- immediately embraced Drum's defense. What's so remarkable is that none of these people ever even heard of this story before yesterday -- they had no idea who Abdulelah Haider Shaye was until Scahill's article -- but (even while expressly admitting their ignorance) they're willing to speculate, without seeing a whiff of evidence, that this person whom 24 hours ago they did not know even existed is a Terrorist and Al Qaeda member ("Shaye is indeed affiliated with al-Qaeda based on evidence that hasn't been made public") because the alternative is unthinkable to them (namely, that Obama -- the perpetrator of the ongoing, unprecedented war on whistleblowers -- wants to punish a journalist for disclosing facts the U.S. Government wants suppressed and prevent future disclsoures: that just cannot be!). After all, Obama, a Really Good Guy, wants Shaye imprisoned: isn't that, by itself, a pretty compelling sign that Shaye is a Really Bad Guy?
It's the Awlaki assassaination all over again, and it's the crux of authoritarianism everywhere it's found in the world: if President Obama wants someone punished or killed as a Terrorist, I'm willing to believe the person must be a Terrorist and don't need to see any evidence of it because I know my Leader is Good and I trust him. As Digby recently observed, after posting a great Tom Tomorrow cartoon on the willingness of progressives like this to accept and defend these absues from Obama: "The fact is that deep down, many Americans really want to be subjects." They just want their benevolent tyrant to be a sophisticated, East Coast-sounding, eloquent orator -- just like conservatives wanted theirs to be a swaggering, evangelical Christian cowboy -- because those tribal familiarities ensure that your leader will be exempt from the universal corruption of vast emperor-like powers exercised in the dark (I want this person assassinated; I want this person imprisoned; I will not account to anyone for my decrees, etc.). I can't tell you how many times during the Bush years I heard this from conservatives: you're paranoid if you think Bush would do evil things because he's a good man. As Scahill summarized this mindset last night: "Trust But Don't Verify. Don't Question Authority. Speak Power to Truth."
Just behold the mountains of evidence assembled in Yemen by Scahill -- regarding who Shaye actually is (a journalist), what the motives are behind his imprisonment, and what has happened here -- that they are not just eager, but willing and proud, to ignore, solely because to acknowledge this evidence would mean that their leader has done something terribly wrong. And that simply cannot be. Reality-based indeed:
[If you're having trouble viewing the segment here, you can watch it here at Democracy Now's site; a transcript will be posted later today, though the video is really worth seeing]
Advertisement:
* * * * *
Two other related points: (1) here, from BoingBoing, is a new government pamphlet containing vital information for every citizen, and (2) here, from The Onion, is an excellent two-minute TV debate on this question: "Could The Use Of Flying Death Robots Be Hurting America's Reputation Worldwide?"
UPDATE: Drum's Mother Jones colleague, Adam Serwer, has an excellent reply to Drum:
Drum's rhetorical question here (is Obama a sociopath?) is one I find frustrating because it essentially turns a policy issue into a matter of trusting Barack Obama. Instead of questioning the approach to Shaye's detention, we're invited to consider whether this fine fellow, Barack Obama, is a murderer. And if you voted for the guy, your immediate reaction is likely to be, "Well of course not!" Except that's really a silly way to look at it . . . . What we have here is really the central problem of national security in the post-9/11 era: Are the people the government says are terrorists, the people the US government asserts the right to detain indefinitely the people our government asserts the right to kill far from any declared battlefield, actually guilty? Unfortunately when it comes to terrorism, it can be difficult to ascertain, let alone prove, culpability. When considering the overarching question, the least appropriate option I think, is simply assuming the government has justifiable reasons for its actions. . . Institutions tend to do what they can get away with, a tendency that can become ever-more problematic when they can do so under cover of official secrecy. The response to the government declaring someone a terrorist should be, "prove it." A sham trial by a US client regime propped up by US aid offered because of war on terror expediency doesn't cut it.
No matter how I long I live, I believe I will never understand the difficulty people have -- more accurately: the refusal -- to accept the truth of those bolded statements.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption New figures seen by the BBC suggest our mixed race population may be twice the size of official figures - numbering up to two million people
Looking at some new figures on ethnic minorities in Britain the other day, I glanced at a footnote and suddenly sat bolt upright in my chair.
The implications of it were clear: Britain's mixed-race community must be at least double the size we previously thought.
The research by Dr Alita Nandi at the Institute for Social and Economic Research (ISER) used data from the UK Household Longitudinal Study (UKHLS) to examine the experience of different ethnic groups in the UK.
As with the census and other surveys, ethnicity is defined in the UKHLS by the individual: if you regard yourself as black Caribbean or white British that is how you are counted.
Using this self-reported approach, the figures suggest that 0.88% of adults define themselves as "mixed".
But the survey - following 100,000 people in 40,000 households - asks another question: what is the ethnicity of your parents?
The footnote puts it: "If we use this alternative definition of mixed then 1.99% of adults are of mixed parentage."
More than twice as many over-16-year-olds are technically mixed race than describe themselves that way.
Underestimated
Self-definition, of course, also applies to under-16s (parents will normally describe the ethnicity of their children) and this group accounts for half of the mixed race population.
There is research evidence which suggests the number of mixed-ethnicity children is also significantly larger than the official figures show.
Self-reported data show 2.9% of children described as mixed race. But the proportion of children living with parents from different ethnic groups or in a mixed-race household is shown to be 8.9%.
Image copyright Other
Further support for the contention that the number of mixed-race children is under-counted emerges from work on single parents.
The proportion of children in lone-parent households who are of a different ethnicity to the single mum or dad is 8%.
Image copyright Other
This suggests to me that there may be around two million mixed race people living in the UK, 3% of the population and therefore a larger group than any of the defined "ethnic minorities".
The most recent estimate from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) is that there are 956,700 "mixed persons" in England, 1.8% of the English population.
Racial mixing is, of course, a controversial subject.
To some it is the welcome consequence of a multicultural society increasingly at ease with different ethnicities. But to others it represents a troubling challenge to national and cultural identity.
I recently went to see the excellent production of South Pacific at the Barbican Theatre in London (sadly just finished) and was reminded how attitudes to mix race have changed since the musical first opened on Broadway in 1949.
Out of touch
The plot centres around Nellie, a US Navy nurse from Little Rock, Arkansas who falls in love with a French plantation owner while stationed at a military base on a South Pacific island.
It emerges that he has two mixed-race children by his first wife - a fact that Nellie's prejudices cannot initially accept. In the end, however, love wins through.
The show was branded "indecent and pro-communist" in the US southern states, with one legislator in Georgia claiming that "a song justifying interracial marriage was implicitly a threat to the American way of life".
At the Barbican last month, Nellie's disgust at the idea of mixing races seemed shocking in a character otherwise attractive and sympathetic.
They are views quite out of tune with contemporary British values.
Image copyright Rex Features Image caption The award-winning production is now touring the UK
Nevertheless, long before the eugenics movement gave birth to the horrific idea of "racial hygiene" in Nazi Germany, there have been questions about the wisdom of cultural mixing.
When I was in the Kerala town of Fort Kochi in south India this summer I was shown the thick protective walls built by the Dutch when they controlled the military base in the 17th Century.
Unlike the previous colonial masters, the Portuguese, the ramparts were constructed, not facing seawards to stop naval invaders, but facing the town to prevent soldiers cavorting with the locals.
The Dutch worried more about racial mixing than being attacked.
Given the fast growing mixed-race population, academics have been trying to see whether there are negative consequences to dual ethnic relationships.
The difficulty is in trying to separate out any effects of cultural difference from social and economic impacts.
For instance, while 23% of all children in Britain live in lone-parent households, among mixed-race children the figure is 38%.
Ordinary set-up
On the face of it this might suggest that ethnic mixing makes relationships more fragile.
But it is worth taking a closer look at table 16 in the Equality and Human Rights Commission report.
Some 65% of black Caribbean children live in lone-parent households and 44% of black African youngsters.
By contrast, the figures for south Asian children range from 10-15%.
Since 45% of the mixed-race population is white/black and 38% are white/Asian, the figure for mixed children overall is bound to be strongly affected by the Caribbean and African attitudes to family life.
The overall figure for mixed race may, therefore, reflect cultural domestic norms rather than the fragility of dual heritage relationships.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Newsnight: Penny Walters wants to fill in cultural gaps for her mixed-race children
Certainly that is the view of Penny Walters, a white single mum who I met in Bristol.
She can probably count herself as an expert on mixed race partnerships. Her six children are from three fathers with three different ethnic backgrounds: three have Jamaican heritage, two have Ghanaian heritage and one has an Egyptian father.
I put to her the question that you are probably thinking right now: "Three key relationships with men from other cultures, all three of them ultimately failed. Are you not living proof that these relationships are less likely to survive?"
Her answer was that the relationship with the Egyptian was "doomed from the start" because his family were Muslim and she could not convert.
Religious difference, she believes, can be a negative factor. But, she said, the failure of her partnerships with the men with the Caribbean and African heritage had "nothing to do with race".
They were, she says, both entirely English in their cultural attitudes.
It is an important point.
These days, ethnicity will often have no bearing on a person's cultural outlook.
Patrick Olive is a good example. The cool bassist and conga player from the band Hot Chocolate originally came to Britain from Grenada. But, in many ways, he epitomises the traditional middle-Englander.
'Breathing fire and brimstone'
Back-stage at a gig at the Jam House in Birmingham, he revealed himself as a Daily Mail-reading, crossword addict.
At his home in an overwhelmingly white, middle-class corner of Sussex he was keen to show me his "golliwog collection".
"People get too hung up about racism and prejudice," he tells me.
Image copyright bbc Image caption Patrick Olive's band Hot Chocolate, most popular in the 1970s and 80s, is still performing
But Patrick also wanted to introduce me to his wife - a white woman called Jane.
In the mid-70s he recalls how his hopes of dating a white girl were met by hostility and prejudice.
"The father was breathing fire and brimstone," he told me.
A quarter of a century later and his relationship barely raises an eyebrow.
If Britain has become decidedly untroubled by the idea of mixed relationships, the next question is how mixed-race children are faring.
There have been suggestions that dual heritage might bring a double penalty - missing out on support from both white majority and minority communities.
One early indication of this might emerge in the classroom, but new analysis of official education data for BBC Newsnight does not point to a double whammy.
Focusing on the performance of 10-year-olds in English primary schools, the figures look at those who achieve the expected standard across English, maths and science.
Among white youngsters, 77% reach what's called Key Stage 2 or above.
For mixed white and black children the figure drops to 73% - but that's still well above the score for black youngsters (63-65%).
We did find one mixed race group which appears to be thriving. Mixed white and Asian children score 79% - similar to Indian pupils but far higher than Pakistani and Bangladeshi (67%).
Image copyright PA Image caption Kelly Holmes won Olympic gold medals for Great Britain in the 800m and 1500m at Athens in 2004
In Bristol, Penny's children exemplify the optimism and self-confidence of many people of mixed race in Britain today.
Successful at school and on the sports field (two of her children have played football for Bristol Rovers, one currently plays for Bristol City and her eldest has a business degree), the children tell me they are proud to describe themselves as mixed race.
They are the faces of new Britain - the posterboys and girls for a multicultural nation. Myleene Klass, Lewis Hamilton, Leona Lewis, Mark Ramprakash, Ryan Giggs, Kelly Holmes, Alexandra Burke, Nasser Hussain, Rio Ferdinand.
Recent research suggested that mixed race people are "over-represented at the top level of a number of meritocratic professions".
Despite its growth and however you measure it, the mixed race population still represents barely more than 3% of Brits.
But it is increasing fast - and those who predicted a cultural identity crisis have been proved wrong.
If anything, in multiracial Britain, ethnicity is increasingly not the point. Mixed race is mainstream.
Watch the film in full on Newsnight on BBC2 at 2230.
An attendee plays a video game using Nintendo's Wii U controller at E3 2012 in Los Angeles, Tuesday, June 5, 2012. Nintendo unleashed 23 games for its upcoming console featuring a touchscreen controller at the Electronic Entertainment Expo, or E3, the gaming industry's annual trade show. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Many probably think I'm on a slippery slope to hell. I drink beer, I dance, and God help me, I'm a Baptist minister. However, it's not the Stella Artois or tango lessons that are greasing my downward slide. The real shocker? My belief that online gaming may revive organized religion.
STOP. Don't close this page because you think I'm talking about violent games. I'm not. This is about an entirely different genre; this is about games that are changing the world.
I began to understand the power of online games last November when I was invited to participate in a panel discussion with Jane McGonigal, world-renowned gaming theorist, CCO of The Institute of the Future and author of the New York Times bestseller "Reality is Broken."
Not being a gamer myself (my last foray was Ms. Pac-Man in the '80s), I was skeptical of how our respective worlds overlapped. I envisioned us discussing ordained avatars and virtual communion wafers. Yet after a provocative panel discussion (and a standing ovation from the audience), it became clear that religion and games share way more than religious apps and virtual churches. They share a mutual end goal: to offer a healing alternative to our broken world.
It's just that one is doing a much better job than the other.
Just look at the statistics. Membership in organized religion is plummeting worldwide, while global participation in online gaming is exploding, crossing from the millions into the billions in the next few years.
Rather than offer a better vision, our religious messages tend to mirror the pain of our broken world -- especially in the church. We don't inspire followers, we shame them; we don't bridge differences, we create them. We aren't healing the kingdom because we're too busy arguing about who is welcome, who owns the truth, and whether "smote" is to be taken literally or as a metaphor. In short, we aren't "leveling up" (a gaming term meaning to better your position).
Alternatively, games are all about leveling up by inspiring players to better themselves, advance and achieve epic missions. They do so by offering experiences and opportunities that meet core human needs, such as satisfying work, challenging but reachable goals, social connection, creating meaning and being part of something bigger than ourselves. As a result, games attract massive voluntary global communities that come together to solve problems, create solutions and level up our world.
For example, one of the fastest growing gaming areas is something known as games for social change, a gaming community that is literally reinventing government, healthcare, education, social services and business.
One such game, Foldit, has broken open issues such as Alzheimer's, cancer and HIV/AIDS research. For years, scientists have struggled to understand how proteins fold and form in order to answer critical medical questions. Due to the intricacies and varieties of the patterns, however, it is taking scientists decades to break the codes. Recently, the gaming community got involved with Foldit, an online puzzle game which allows players to create new shapes of proteins by randomly folding digital molecules on their computer screens. The patterns that were taking the scientific community years to figure out took the online community a matter of days.
One of the newest games for change is Half the Sky, due for release in March 2013. Focusing on raising awareness of issues like female genital mutilation and child prostitution, supporters include the Ford, Rockefeller and United Nations foundations, Zenga, Intel and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Other such games include World Without Oil, an alternate reality game created to engineer solutions to the global oil crisis; Family of Heroes, targeted at families and friends of veterans to recognize symptoms of post-deployment stress; Darfur is Dying, MTV's 2006 offering in which players navigate the terrors of a Sudanese refugee camp; SuperBetter, an online game that harnesses the power of positive emotions and social connection to assist in recovery from illness and injury; and Free Rice, an online non-profit supporting the United Nations World Food Program through collaborative, multiplayer educational games.
People are starving for meaning and social connection -- to be a part of something epic. And they are flocking from the church to games, because gamers are the ones creating opportunities for these needs; chances for real people to come together and create global solutions. To put it in religious terms: reality is the world after the fall and games are offering one of the few glimpses of the new Eden -- a place where people find meaning and purpose, a world of global cooperation, a community where epic healing can happen.
Before we get into this topic, here's a brief qualifier: Microsoft has not yet given an official comment on what they plan to do for their next Xbox game console. This editorial is not assuming that Microsoft's successor to the Xbox 360 will in fact need an 'always on" Internet connection to play games or run its apps.
Having said that, the idea of any future game console, no matter if it was made by Microsoft or anyone else, that would require an Internet connection to operate, in addition to a power supply and a video and audio connection to a television, is simply a bad idea for one very basic and simple reason. The Internet infrastructure in the U.S. simply can't handle it.
The personal comments made by Microsoft Studios creative director Adam Orth on his Twitter page earlier this week (which were later called "inappropriate" by Microsoft) seem to center on the fact that other electronic devices have to require an power outlet in order to operate. That's 100 percent true. What is also true is that, at least where I live, the power is on nearly all of the time. A few times a year, we get brief power outages that typically last a few seconds. The only time that power goes out for longer than than is if we are having a bad weather event. In any case, power outages are rare.
The landline phone system that we have in our home is also highly reliable. I can't remember a time when it did not work, yet it does require that the telephone be connected to the wall socket. Even our cable TV service is pretty reliable for the most part, but it does need for the TV or cable box to be connected to the cable outlet.
That's pretty much my expression a lot of the time when dealing with my own Internet issues
However, without a shadow of a doubt, my local connection to the Internet (via an ISP which I will not name here) has been anything but trouble free for the many years I have subscribed to the service. Just in 2013, I have had issues with staying online that required me to unplug my modem more than once and, in a couple of cases, calling my ISP to send a signal to reestablish my Internet connection. That doesn't even count the couple of times when my Internet service was down due to outside forces beyond my control that lasted for a couple of hours each.
I don't live in a rural area, either. I live in a nicely populated section of a town that has about 26,000 people. Getting power, phone and cable television to my house was no problem. Getting a solid Internet connection to my house was something different. Because my house is located a bit further than normal for my ISP's connection, they made me get what is basically a "booster" that connect to a power socket and then connects to my ISP's Internet signal.
Why is it that my power, phone and cable TV have no such issues on where my house is located when it comes to supping their services, but my ISP needs a "booster" inside my house to work, and even then just barely? The reason, as I mention before, is that the current state of the infrastructure of my ISP just can't handle the strain without some kind of help, and even then we get extended outages.
So any game console which requires an "always on" connection will certainly not be welcomed in my house, and I know that I am not alone. There are lots of gamers out there who don't have Internet connections at all, yet they can still play games with their Xbox 360 or PS3 or even their Wii U. Heck, even my PC doesn't require an "always on" connection. If my connection is severed, I can still play games that are loaded on my hard drive, play movies or TV shows that are on DVD, Blu-Ray or downloaded from the Internet, or write on my copy of Word. If my PC doesn't need an Internet connection to work, why should any next generation game console have that requirement?
Oh, and this is just on my end of the Internet series of tubes. There are also problems on the other end of the Internet pipeline. How many times over the past year have we heard about a large cloud-based Internet service, like Microsoft's Windows Azure, that get hit with extended outages? What happens if that sort of outage happens for a game console that requires an Internet connection to run but then can't connect to its own online servers.
Actually, we don't need to imagine it. The cyberattack on Sony's Playstation Network online service in the spring of 2011 shut off its servers for weeks. Yes, PS3 game owners were able to play offline games, but multiplayer services and the ability to download patches, games, demos and more content were cut off. Now, just suppose the PS3 required connecting to the Playstation Network to even work.
Let's not forget that there are still games that are being sold that are made strictly as a single player experience. One of the best reviewed games in years is the recently launched BioShock Infinite. Now just imagine wanting to play that game on a game console that needed an Internet connection to run but, for whatever reason, that connection was not working or just was not available. It doesn't matter if it is a single player game, you still would not be able to play it.
Until the Internet infrastructure in the U.S. improves drastically, to the point where it is as reliable as the power, phone and even the cable TV connection in people's homes, there will almost certainly be tons of frustration from gamers dealing with the prospect of an "always on" game console. Any company even considering such a plan needs to think twice before moving forward with such an idea. We would hope that would especially be the case with a certain unnamed business which launched a console in 2005 and later had to take a $1 billion charge because a large batch of their first console units were defective.
That company rushed to launch a product out without thinking of the consequences. Let's hope that same company takes their time to listen to their rather vocal audience and consider their opinions before making a decision that could turn out to be even worse for them than the "three rings of death."
Images via Sony and 2K Games | Man at PC via Shutterstock
Story highlights "I leave it to my colleagues to assess that commitment," Udall
In an extremely rare rebuke, Warren was instructed to take her seat
(CNN) — After After Sen. Elizabeth Warren was prevented from reading a letter from civil rights activist Coretta Scott King on the Senate floor, several male colleagues were allowed to read some or all of the letter uninterrupted.
Sen. Tom Udall entered the more than 30-year-old letter about Sen. Jeff Sessions, President Donald Trump's attorney general nominee, into the record Wednesday morning.
"I entered Coretta Scott King's letter abt #Sessions into the Senate record and read it from the floor—her words should not be silenced," he tweeted.
"I read Mrs. King's letter about Mr. #Sessions' commitment to justice for all. I leave it to my colleagues to assess that commitment," the New Mexico lawmaker added.
Sen. Jeff Merkley read the letter Tuesday hoping to provide some context as to why King was concerned about the Alabama lawmaker's commitment to the voting rights of black Americans when he was under consideration for a federal judgship.
Read More
LG Mobile's European VP has revealed that the company isn't interested in making a sequel to its Nexus 4. In an interview with Dutch site All About Phones, Kim Won said that, despite the Nexus 4 being a marketing success for the company, LG doesn't need to repeat that strategy . When asked if it would follow Samsung by releasing a Google Edition of its flagship phone, Kim dismissed the idea, adding that it "has no added value for us without our own skins."
Despite announcing its intention to "put tablets on the back burner" last year, Kim said that LG is "investing in tablets," and will bring a new Android tablet to market soon. He says the tablet landscape is "fairly segmented," but remains a target for the company. Although it hasn't released an Android tablet in well over a year, LG never completely turned its back on the market: it released a few tablets and hybrids running Windows 8 in its native Korea.
LG wants to reduce its dependence on Android
Looking further down the line, LG wants to reduce its dependance on other companies. Noting that "the current duopoly of Google and Apple is not healthy for the market," Kim said his company would focus on bringing devices running other platforms to the market. It doesn't plan on developing its own OS, however, so Kim's comments could be related to LG's commitment to produce phones running Mozilla's Firefox OS, or perhaps it will look to another open-source effort like Tizen or Ubuntu. Outside of software, LG is also looking to gain parity with Samsung by reducing the number of non-LG parts inside its phone. Currently, Samsung, Apple, and Huawei are the only major manufacturers that have processors designed in-house powering their devices, with most other companies relying on Qualcomm for the chips. LG already designs its own processors for use in its TVs, but the architecture doesn't translate to smartphones. For now Kim says the company has in-house displays, batteries, and other components in its phones, and doesn't rule out the possibility of an LG smartphone processor coming in the future.
Update: We've just spoken with a senior LG official who informed us that Kim Won's statements regarding the company's interest in the Nexus program have been misinterpreted. While LG isn't currently working on a "Nexus 5," that doesn't mean it would turn down the opportunity to work with Google again. Kim was instead referring to the company's mobile business as a whole: he believes LG's own offerings are strong enough that it doesn't "need Nexus" to be successful.
Because of the self-employment tax faced by many musicians, it is critical to deduct as large of a portion of your income as possible. This way you are paying taxes only on the portion of your income that cannot be written off. If you are new to self-employed taxation, please see my earlier post on the basics.
My primary piece of advice on beginning this process is to get a good certified public accountant. Your degrees are in music, not tax law. Your CPA can help ensure all your forms are filled correctly and you are paying the correct amount in taxes. A tax return signed by a CPA looks better to tax officers than one filled out by an individual trying to take numerous deductions.
<a href=”http://05ededgccxhwdscarycwdv2r14.hop.clickbank.net/” target=”_top”>Click Here!</a>
Your role as a musician is to communicate all the items you would like to deduct to your CPA. Propose as many as you can, and your CPA will tell you what will fly and what will not. Keep in mind he or she is not a musician and is most likely unaware of the numerous expenses you have.
So, what can the musician deduct? Things you have purchased in the last year to do your job can be deducted. Some of the common ones are:
Standard deduction- Everyone gets this! It was $6,200 in 2014. This is a nice start to lowering your taxable income.
Self-employment tax- Using the Schedule SE form you can determine your grand total of self-employment tax and then use the formula to determine the large portion of self-employment tax that can be deducted, about half.
Health insurance-If you are over 26 and self-employed, there is a good chance you are buying your own health insurance. The grand total of your monthly premium payments can be written off.
Retirement- Regardless of your age, it is important to set up a retirement account. If you open a traditional IRA, you can deduct these contributions, up to the maximum allowed, for the year.
Educational credits-If you are still in school, either enrolled undergraduate or a graduate degree program, you can write off the tuition paid. Your university can provide you with the needed form.
Student loan interest-Speaking of school, you may have completed your degree but are still paying loans. You may be eligible to deduct all the interest you have paid for the year on this loan, which can add up, especially in the beginning of your repayment period. Note, you cannot do this if you are married and file separate tax returns.
Insurance- this can be insurance on your instruments, your car you drive to work, liability insurance, or renters/home insurance if you have a home office.
Depreciation- You can depreciate the value of your instruments needed for your job over time. You can choose to either write off the entire value if you buy it in the current tax year, or depreciate it partially over a period of years. Either way, you must get an appraisal to verify the declared value.
Repairs-any repairs or maintenance on your instruments can be deducted.
Legal and professional services-you can use this column to deduct anything you paid for you tax return preparation for the previous year.
Car-If you use your car for your job, the government offers a standard rate for each mile driven for work. For 2015 it will be 57.5 cents per mile. If you drive a lot this really adds up. You must keep track of exact miles driven. Additionally, tolls and car maintenance can be written off too.
Supplies- You can use line 22 of your Schedule C to account for all necessary musician supplies. This includes sheet music, mouthpieces, ligatures, reeds, necks, strings, bows, instrument/music stands, and any other gadgets like iPads, computers, recorders etc. This category has a lot of potential so look back through your purchases to make sure you are not missing anything.
Travel-if you traveled for a conference, audition, or performance you were playing you can write this off, along with the cost of food for these trips.
“Other expenses” -Line 48 of your Schedule C allows for any other expenses that are not covered earlier in the tax return. This is a key area for musicians, because we frequently have unique expenses. Some to consider here are:
Facility use fees paid to lesson teaching locations
Fees to collaborative artists such as piano accompanists
Any lessons you take from others as professional development
Domain names for personal websites
Postage
PayPal fees if you use this for your students to pay you
Conference registration fees
Home office-People are sometimes scared to take this deduction, but if you have a room in your house or apartment dedicated to your profession you should go for it. This cannot be your living room with a computer in the corner, but rather a single room, with a door, used for work only. Not sleeping, eating, or partying. For this deduction you must know the square footage of the room and house and you can deduct a portion of your rent/mortgage. Also, add up all your utility bills and a portion of this can also be deducted with the home office.
All these things add up and help reduce your income to a more manageable, level for taxation. You must keep receipts for these items in case the value needs to be verified for up to 5 years after the return. I use a filing cabinet to keep receipts during the year. Then on Jan 1 I total everything up in a document and send it to my CPA. Good luck and happy deducting.
*Disclaimer-Please seek professional assistance in filing your taxes. Musicstudioteacher.com takes no legal responsibility for results from this post.
Kitchener-Waterloo Oktoberfest is the biggest Bavarian culture festival outside of Germany and It's celebrating its 45th anniversary this year, but just how big is K-W Oktoberfest?
Here is a breakdown by the numbers:
1. Length of festival: 9 days
2. Visitors: over 700,000
3. Estimated economic activity generated by Oktoberfest: $21 million
4. Money collected by non-profit organizations during Oktoberfest: $1.5 million
5. Number of non-profit organizations that benefit from Oktoberfest: 50
6. Number of volunteers: 1,780
7. Estimated number of spectators on the Oktoberfest Thanksgiving Day Parade route: 150,000
8. TV viewers nationwide who tune to watch the Oktoberfest parade: 1.8 million
9. Places to sit (in the beer halls): 18,870
10. Number of pretzels consumed: 25,000
11. Number of sausages consumed: 51,750
Number of sausages consumed: 51,750. - Kitchener-Waterloo Oktoberfest
12. Number of official keg tappings: 40 (40% are tapped in first few days)
Here, Premier Kathleen Wynne helps K-W Oktoberfest president Harry Vogt with the official tapping of the keg that marks the start of the festival.
13. Price of a 12 oz. beer: $4.75 - $5.75
14. Number of free rides given away by Grand River Transit: 14,000 - 18,000
15. Estimated cost of free rides: $40,000
16. Number of police RIDE programs during Oktoberfest: 16
17. Number of police officers conducting RIDE spot checks: 150
18. Number of impaired drivers arrested (in 2012): 5
19. Number of drivers who received a roadside suspension (in 2012): 6
20. Provincial funding for RIDE programs during Oktoberfest: $23,000
21. Number of officers in the Oktoberfest police unit: 70
22. Number of arrests for public intoxication (in 2012): 17
23. Number of cases of alcohol poisoning: Waterloo Region EMS does not track alcohol poisoning cases
24. Number of Waterloo Region EMS staff on-hand: 2 paramedics working 12 hour shifts
25. Number of Parade Entries: 168 parade entries -- 12 bands, 35 floats, and 121 special entries
26. This year's Oktoberfest Thanksgiving Day Parade grand marshals: Hal Johnson and Joanne McLeod of BodyBreak fame.
"to hear incorrect views without rebutting them and even to hear counter-revolutionary remarks without reporting them, but instead to take them calmly as if nothing happened."
"to be among the masses and fail to conduct propaganda and agitation or speak at meetings or conduct investigations and inquiries among them, and instead to be indifferent to them and show no concern for their well-being, forgetting that one is a Communist and behaving as if one were an ordinary non-Communist."
"to see someone harming the interests of the masses and yet not feel indignant, or dissuade or stop him or reason with him, but to allow him to continue."
Italy's Government Seeks Control Over Online Videos
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tiziana Fabi/AFP/Getty Images Tiziana Fabi/AFP/Getty Images
Italy's government is drafting a decree that would give it control over online video content.
In a country where Internet usage is still relatively small, the measure is seen as an attempt by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to protect his TV empire from future competition from the freewheeling world of Google and YouTube.
Italians were among the first to enthusiastically embrace mobile phones.
Not so with the Internet. Just finding a WiFi hot spot is difficult. One of the few hot spots in Rome is a cafe filled with foreign expatriates hunched over open laptops.
One patron, Christian Lingreen, says his native Denmark has 100 percent Wi-Fi coverage — Italy maybe just 1 percent. "I love Italy," he says, "but I have to say [information technology], that is not their cup of tea."
Nearby sits Riikka Vanio of Finland, who is a mother of two children. "In the school, it's impossible to pass information to other parents through Internet, because none of them have Internet connection at home or not even e-mail address," she says. "So it's not part of their culture yet."
Nevertheless, Italy's right-wing government is going far beyond its European partners with the decree that would require Web sites with video content to request authorization and would mandate the vetting of copyrighted videos before they're uploaded.
Such measures are unprecedented in the West.
The man who drafted the decree is Telecommunications Deputy Minister Paolo Romani.
"If YouTube uploads film clips covered by copyright or produced by a broadcaster and uses them for a commercial purpose," Romani says, "this means YouTube has to be treated exactly in the same manner as a broadcaster."
The media rights group Reporters Without Borders say the decree would "pose yet another threat to freedom of expression in Italy."
The regulations are also seen as a challenge to Google's YouTube and other online video-sharing Web sites. Google's European public policy counsel, Marco Pancini, told the daily La Stampa last month that "it amounts to destroying the entire Internet system."
Since then, Pancini has met with Romani to press for changes. "We want to be sure that in the final text," Pancini says, "these rules are not applicable to a broadcaster using YouTube only to show archive videos or short extracts from a TV show, because in this case this would make it almost impossible to provide YouTube services in Italy."
The decree mandates vetting of video content to ensure it isn't considered pornographic or harmful to national security. Violators face fines of up to more than $200,000. It would create an administrative authority that will decide what can go online and what can't.
Media freedom advocates call it the "sheriff" of the Internet.
Alessandro Gilioli, a journalist and blogger for the magazine L'Espresso, says the decree will lead to censorship by means of red tape. "The way Italian government strangles the Web is through bureaucracy, not like in China — through bureaucracy, permissions, bureaucratic obstructions."
Critics of the decree see it as another example of Berlusconi's conflict of interest. He directly or indirectly controls nearly the entire Italian television system.
And the prime minister's TV company, Mediaset, plans to enter Internet TV. Mediaset is already suing Google for nearly $800 million in damages for uploaded clips of its version of the Big Brother reality show.
In addition, the Internet has become a prime means of communication for Italians disaffected with Berlusconi. Last December, hundreds of thousands of protesters rallied against him in Rome. The demonstration was organized exclusively online.
The next online-organized rally is set to take place this weekend outside the U.S. embassy. The slogan: "President Obama, please help the Internet in Italy."
Area residents are wondering about their water after many Amarillo and some Canyon residents received a letter from the City of Amarillo with a warning.
The city released a required document by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality explaining an error at the Osage Water Treatment Plant in Amarillo, dealing with a monitoring violation when one out of the eight filters failed to report correct readings of turbidity levels.
"That letter is the required notification to let our public know that we had a violation at the plant," said Floyd Hartman with Amarillo Utilities. "We're required to report all the readings on the turbidity on the output and the combined turbidity filter readings."
With that notice came some confusion from residents; first regarding the term "turbidity". It refers to the cloudiness of the water when tested and the amount particles that are within the fluid, but some residents had another question as well.
"Why did they wait so long to inform us?" said Amarillo resident Renee Havens.
Many citizens were confused with why it took the city so long to inform them after the error occurred in November 2014, more than four months ago.
"We were talking to the state and working on what the actual violation was and researching exactly what the requirements were we needed to meet. And [in the letter] are the results," Hartman said.
Hartman said there is no immediate harm to residents who drank the water because of numerous filters the water has to go through later in the filtration process, but residents said they still wanted better notification.
"It's nice to know they tried to inform us, but the information came out a little too late in my book," said Havens.
Elphick captained Bournemouth to two promotions in the space of three seasons
New Aston Villa boss Roberto di Matteo hopes to make his first signing this week by bringing in Bournemouth club captain Tommy Elphick.
The 29-year-old central defender is discussing personal terms and a fee of £3m has been agreed between the clubs.
Elphick was an apprentice at Brighton and made his debut for them in 2005 before joining the Cherries in 2012.
He was hampered by an ankle injury last term and made only 14 appearances for the Premier League side.
Elphick captained Bournemouth to two promotions - from League One to the Premier League - in the space of three seasons.
The defender has a year remaining on his contract and BBC Radio Solent understands he has been considering a number of offers, with Villa the standout option.
Survival of the fittest is a concept that is well known to most of us. Heaven knows, many of us strive to remain fit enough to try and extend our life expectancy and survive. But in its original context this relates to natural selection and evolution. A lot of the time natural selection is a conservative force (“negative selection“), trying to keep an organism close to a previously achieved state of perfection. However, occasionally circumstances can change, and selection can then favour genetic changes that will fit an organism better for the new regime. This is what we call “positive selection“, and unlike its rather boring conservative cousin, it can be very interesting indeed.
Continuing the unveiling of our top ten papers selected from the papers published in PLOS Biology over the last decade, the latest choice morsel comes from 2006. The authors developed a new statistical method to search for features that flag those regions of the human genome that may have aided our own adaptation to changing fortunes. They applied this method to the then recently available single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) data from the International HapMap Project – a catalogue of subtle (but potentially important) genetic variations in different human populations.
What do we mean by ‘recent positive selection‘? Well, we're not talking about how humans evolved from apes, nor are we considering how the last 100 years have changed us, but instead ‘recent' here means the last ~100,000 years, give or take, during which time modern human populations experienced dramatic environment and lifestyle shifts; Homo sapiens would have left Africa and probably encountered distant cousins H. erectus in Asia and H. neanderthalensis in Europe. They will have needed to adapt to climate and habitat changes as well as to successfully exploit novel food sources and evade newly emerging pathogens. Crucially the authors' approach specifically looks for genetic variants that are still under ongoing selection, and haven't yet become universal in the population (haven't reached “fixation”, in the parlance).
Senior author of the study, Jonathan Pritchard, commented that “this was an important paper for my lab. It really represented the start of our transition into thinking about genome-wide variation data.” He notes also that “[this project] brought me back to thinking about how positive selection shapes the genome… the first area that excited me when I got into biology.” The study was groundbreaking. It presented both the authors' new statistical method to scan the genome, and many intriguing insights about what had been (and is still being) selected for in humans.
I fully intended to describe the paper to you in some detail, but luckily for me long-time Editorial Board member, and the academic editor who advised us through the review process back then, Laurence Hurst, remembers it well:
“I recall that this paper came at an interesting time. Plenty of folks were attempting between-species trawls for domains under selection (using Ka/Ks etc) but this was one of the first to consider genome-wide trawls for selection based on SNP/haplotype data and so capture much more recent selection events – potentially events that reflect different selection pressures in different populations.”
He goes on to note that the author came up with “a simple but elegant solution” and that “all methods of this variety also have problems with demography (which can give false signals), but the paper makes a good crack at doing simulations to try and weed out these issues.”
“I liked this study,” continues Hurst, “not least because it is novel, clever, rigorous and careful, but it is interesting to see what selection is doing. I find it intriguing, for example, that skin pigment genes appear to be under selection in Europeans. But this isn't just academic interest: as the authors note, alleles under recent selection are often associated with complex phenotypes of medical relevance. Indeed they identify alleles associated with alcohol susceptibility and salt-sensitive hypertension.”
In short, the authors compared SNP data from three populations – Yorubans from sub-Saharan Africa, a combination of Japanese and Chinese individuals from Asia, and a cohort from Europe. They specifically looked across the genome for long blocks of co-inherited DNA (haplotypes) that indicate that a particular SNP (or a nearby feature in the genome) confers some positive advantage on the individual that carries it, and that it is increasing in prevalence in that population. Their new method was a breath of fresh air, and has been widely adopted since then, and they found lots of intriguing biologically and medically relevant results. What's not to like?
PLOS Biology editorial board member Chris Tyler-Smith noted that this is “A classic paper in my own field, introducing a method that has now become standard”. One of the two co-first authors, Ben Voight, was a graduate student when undertaking this research and is now an Assistant Professor at U. Penn. Voight notes that this paper probably “was a non-trivial factor in getting me where I am today”. In recalling his work on this study, he remembers that given the competitive nature of the field at that time and as a newcomer they were very careful in “crafting the description of the framework, model, and inferences possible. This took a great deal of effort, but in some way was only really possible by a publication framework where we weren't unnecessarily limited in making that description”.
And it seems that this area is rife for future additional discovery as Pritchard muses “More recently my lab [and others] has argued that adaptation by polygenic selection is likely much more important than standard sweep models… in the next few years it will be possible to make a lot of progress on untangling these issues, helped … by the much richer sequence data that are available today”. Voight told me that “it is clear that this work opened the door to a number of new questions which follow that, even today, have not been flushed out completely: the times these sweeps occurred in human history, the targets, mechanisms, the phenotypes subject to fitness consequences, and the relationship to complex traits and diseases.” And so as our resources and tools improve and advance, our ability to decipher and decode backwards progresses in tandem, leading us to better understand how we came to be who, what, and where we are today. The fascinating research will continue…
If you want to read more about the original research article, we published both a synopsis and an editorial in the same issue of the journal way back when.
See the Tenth Anniversary PLOS Biology Collection or read the Biologue blog posts highlighting the rest of our selected articles.
Voight BF, Kudaravalli S, Wen X, & Pritchard JK (2006). A map of recent positive selection in the human genome. PLoS biology, 4 (3) PMID: 16494531
Maybe it was inevitable that Walt Disney would build Disneyland. He certainly had been studying the idea his entire life. His daughter Diane Disney Miller said, “When I was growing up, he was always talking about doing an amusement park someday.” She speculated, “It probably went back farther than that, to a big amusement park in Kansas City that I've read he talked about. He and his sister would stand outside the gates and look in. I think he always had it in his mind.”
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic1.jpg[/img]
Electric Park
Walt and his younger sister Ruth were regular visitors to Electric Park in Kansas City, fifteen blocks from their home. What they saw was a magical place where a train ran around the perimeter and landscaping was carefully designed. The park rides were integrated into the landscape and the grounds were well maintained. Every evening, there was a fireworks show at closing time.
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic2.jpg[/img]
Animator Ollie Johnston recalled, “Disneyland was really born back before the War, in the early stages after we moved to the new Studio in Burbank. Walt talked about doing something on the Studio lot, then came the War, and all of that was forgotten, and then he built his backyard railroad.” Johnston noted, “The fun he had with his train made him begin to see possibilities. Once his enthusiasm with the backyard railroad was wearing off he started looking around the Studio lot again.”
For the longest time, Walt had kept his eye on sixteen acres adjacent to the Burbank movie studio. The land was south of the main facilities between Riverside Drive and the Los Angeles River. Walt said, “When I built the Studio over there I thought, well gee, we ought to have really a three-dimensional thing that people could actually come and visit.”
Disney historian Randy Bright said Walt's “first thoughts was to build a playground for kids on the corner of the studio property where they could have all the things they ought to have, but didn't have at the nearby Griffith Park.” Bob Jones, one of the first two people assigned to the Mickey Mouse Park project, corrected Bright by suggesting that Walt, from the beginning, emphasized that this proposed park should be for total family enjoyment.
“Walt was very thorough and he really looked into this stuff,” according to Ollie Johnston. Walt proclaimed, “When we consider a new project, we really study it – not just the surface idea, but everything about it. And when we go into that new project, we believe in it all the way. We have confidence in our ability to do it right. And we work hard to do the best possible job.”
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic4.jpg[/img]
Fairmont Park
Walt gathered his team and sent them out to learn what they could about the attractions business. Imagineer Bill Martin said, “One of the first things Walt had us do was to tour the big amusement parks back East. I went with bill Contrell, Bruce Bushman, and George Whitney to places like Fairmont Park in Philadelphia, Palisades Park in New Jersey, and other parks in New Orleans, Cincinnati, and so forth.”
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic5.jpg[/img]
Palisades Park
Walt Disney and Art Linkletter traveled to Europe to visit Tivoli Gardens in Denmark. Linkletter said, “He had this little notebook and he'd make notes in it, and I said, “What are you doing?” And he said, “Well Art, it's just a dream I have of having a ‘family fair' sometime, and this represents to me an example of the kind of atmosphere I'd like to have.” Linkletter recalled how Walt “pointed out how many places they had for restful seating, that there was no alcohol or raucous entertainment and that everything was well lit and freshly painted every night. The place was meticulous.” Walt said, “Anything that I build will be kept clean, and the employees should feel that they are part of the show.”
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic6.jpg[/img]
Tivoli Gardens
Although it has been said that Tivoli Gardens was one of the inspirations for Disneyland, his daughter Diane suggested, “It was in his mind that this is what he wanted, and then he saw a place where it was working. He combined everything like the visuals from a movie set. The beautiful landscaping, live music and entertainment…everything was integrated.”
Walt personally spent time researching other facilities. According to Dave Smith, former Chief Archivist at the Walt Disney Company, “[Walt] went around to every park he could think of. He had a good friend who ran a carnival at the corner of Beverly and La Cienega [Beverly Park]…[Dave] Bradley was his name…and Walt talked to him for hours and hours at a time, trying to pick his brain.” Beverly Park was near the film studios and convenient for celebrities. Walt liked to spend Sunday afternoons studying the business. The park was very small, only three-quarters of an acre. Bradley had leased the property in 1945 and opened the park in 1946 with partner Don Kaye. In 1947, they built the first children's roller coaster called the Little Dipper.
Dave said, “[Walt] would go down there and sit there on the bench and watch people in line, watch what they were doing…time how long it took them in line…check to see if they were surly after they waited in line for half an hour, whatever. He'd go pace off the length of a queue line. He was certainly doing that. Not only he but a lot of the designers who were working with him.”
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic7.jpg[/img]
The Timber Mountain Log Ride
Bud Hurlbut, creator of the Calico Mine Train and Timber Mountain Log Ride at Knott's Berry Farm as well as a supplier of amusement park equipment used throughout the Los Angeles region, said, “Walt got to know [Beverly Park] very well. Bradley ended up doing a lot of research for Disney. Walt fixed him up with camera equipment and sent him to Europe to photograph rides for Disneyland.”
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic8.jpg[/img]
The Calico Mine Train
Walt also asked his team to meet up with Hurlbut. Hurlbut said, “Walt didn't really come out to visit me personally, back then…he was just kind of looking around at my rides. This was in the early 50s. I saw this man come on my property, and by the time he was there the second or third time I decided he wasn't just a park customer. I'd that before, and that's how I sold lots of rides.”
Hurlbut was noticing that “Walt was studying how things worked.” So one day Hurlbut walked up to Walt and said, “You look like you're interested in rides” and he said he was “kind of looking at them.” He was a really nice fellow, so I sat down with him and answered a lot of his questions.”
In a conversation between Hurlbut and Dave Bradley, Hurlbut said, “I'd been visited by a man who seemed to know a lot more than we did, and Dave said, ‘Oh, he's been over to my place…I know him.'” Hurlbut noticed that “Walt Disney really did know what he was talking about…he had his mind made up and his ideas were different. Later, he invited me to see his property (across from the studio in Burbank) when he was thinking of building an amusement park.”
Hurlbut remembers, “Walt Disney brought several of his men over to my shop on different occasions in the 1950s. Even before he had his location in Anaheim, he had told me of the different rides he was planning. He invited me over to his house to ride his miniature steam train. I spent several Saturdays over there, and it was just like being with a neighbor.”
Walt was not afraid to share his thoughts and to test the water. Martin recalled, Bill Martin: ” We took all these sketches being done for Disneyland with us and those people said, “This'll never go!” These were the guys who ran carnivals and we had this new concept, the theme park. Walt was selling nostalgia on main Street, the Wild West in Frontierland,and so forth.”
Early on, Walt's brother Roy seemed to agree with the ‘experts' and did not share his younger brother's level of confidence. According to historian John Taylor, “Walt nurtured the idea of an amusement park since the thirties; by 1952 he had sketched out the project, but his ever-cautious brother, who considered it just one more of “Walt's screwy ideas,” refused to invest more than $10,000 of the studios money.”
[img]http://www.miceshots.com/usr/65/Samland_-_study_it_pic9.jpg[/img]
And the rest as they say, is history. Walt's years of intense study brought about a brand-new type of family entertainment that people still enjoy today.
If you enjoy reading SAMLAND, you'll love his book. Walt and the Promise of Progress City is a detailed look into how Walt Disney envisioned the future of communities. Along the way, we explore many facets of a fascinating man.
[FONT=verdana][SIZE=3][CENTER][SIZE=3][COLOR=#696969]
Follow Samland on Facebook and Twitter.
[/COLOR][URL=”https://www.facebook.com/sam.gennawey”][COLOR=#696969][IMG]http://www.miceshots.com/is.php?i=3857&img=gif-1.gif[/IMG] [/COLOR][/URL][URL=”https://twitter.com/#%21/samlanddisney”][COLOR=#696969][IMG]http://www.miceshots.com/is.php?i=3859&img=gif.gif[/IMG][/URL]
[SIZE=3][FONT=verdana]
Editor's note: Eric has been trying to get me to post this note for almost a year now, and I'm usually all, “but it's not, you know, real!” and he's all, “but it's real(ly) funny!” (A point I had to concede). And so, in honor of April 1 (a.k.a. Ninja Note Day on PAN) I'm offering this note amnesty. —Kerry
Writes our anonymous submitter from Dayton, Ohio: “Sent by what appears to be a group of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle aficionados*, this letter was received last year after the somewhat eccentric and always-crazy editor of a small toy magazine erroneously described one of the characters as an ‘evil enemy rat.'”
*We had our crack research staff (read: Google) look into the authors' identities, and the results were shocking: the letter was written by then-interns at The Onion, and sent from the publication's New York offices.
related: On jamming
Cardinals GM John Mozeliak talked about the team and its progress to this point in the Grapefruit League season. Ultimately, he envisions to Cards break camp with a maximum of 12 pitchers, but that number could reach only 11.
JUPITER, Fla. -- Some questions have been answered but many more remain as Spring Training rolls on for a Cardinals team facing its first cuts on Monday.
JUPITER, Fla. -- Some questions have been answered but many more remain as Spring Training rolls on for a Cardinals team facing its first cuts on Monday.
Cardinals GM John Mozeliak talked about the team and its progress to this point in the Grapefruit League season. Ultimately, he envisions to Cards break camp with a maximum of 12 pitchers, but that number could reach only 11.
View Full Game Coverage
"A lot of it comes down to roster flexibility; players with or without options, how we fit that puzzle piece together," Mozeliak said. "But I would imagine if things ended today it probably would be 12. I haven't exactly boiled the roster down to exactly know who's 11, 12, 13."
Many questions must be answered before that decision is made. One of them involves right-hander Trevor Rosenthal and whether or not there's enough time this spring to get the innings necessary for him to contribute as a starter or perhaps even a multiple-inning reliever.
"It's very important that sometime this week he gets into a game and we can get that pitch count up," Mozeliak said. "Imagining him to get the pitch count up to where he needs to be as a starter, I think could be a challenge."
However, Mozeliak added that Rosenthal as a multi-inning reliever is still very much a possibility.
"Who ultimately wears that hat, I think the interesting thing is there could be a couple that could go multiple innings," Mozeliak said. "So that's favorable and really something that when you think about coming into a camp, you're trying to create that depth, as I look at it right now I think we've accomplished that.
"There are a lot of guys that could be on that list. Clearly not all of them will assume that role, but I think we have that flexibility."
As far as position players go, Mozeliak said that he feels the Cardinals have accomplished what they set out to do coming into Spring Training.
"When you think about how we're trying to build the club, one of the factors that I thought was very important was how we thought about defense, specifically how we defended ground balls," he said. "The overarching theme was athleticism and defense.
"Signing Dexter Fowler, moving Randal Grichuk over and then having Stephen Piscotty in the outfield, we felt like we accomplished that."
Infield was a little different, Mozeliak said.
"That became more of an internal solution in having somebody that we believe, Kolten Wong, a very good defensive player be given that opportunity. That's at second. Obviously Aledmys Diaz got off to a slow start defensively, but then I think by the end of the year, prior to him getting hurt, was much more consistent. You certainly could argue that Kolten is key to that infield."
And then there's still a decision to make as far as what third base will look like come Opening Day.
"I think both Jedd Gyorko and Jhonny Peralta have done a very nice job," Mozeliak said. "I think they're a little bit different in that Peralta seems more comfortable defensively, and I think you look at right now how Jedd is swinging the bat, they both sort of bring a different piece or element to the club.
"Either way, they're both positive right now, and that's a good thing to have."
Mozeliak also discussed Matt Carpenter's back injury and whether or not he would have enough at-bats to be ready for the season.
"Most of what we're doing is just being cautious," he said. "There's no reason to try to push this. Obviously if you end up having a lower back or oblique it becomes more serious, we all know that leads to much lower extent out.
"So for us right now, worrying about a Grapefruit League game is not what's driving our decision. From a timing standpoint he's still tracking in the cage. He's just not free to swing."
Worth Noting: Still battling flu-like symptoms, Cardinals manager Mike Matheny missed his second consecutive game. Although he was at the ballpark early Sunday, he did not remain. The Cardinals reported that doctors did feel that he could be contagious.
India is to begin fining airlines that empty their plane's toilet tanks in mid-air, after reports of human waste being dropped on people's homes.
On Tuesday, the Asian country's National Green Tribunal (NGT) directed the country's aviation regulator, Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), to issue instructions to all airlines, whose planes are involved, to pay Rs 50,000 as environmental compensation.
The NGT bench chaired by Swatanter Kumar passed a slew of directions to be followed by airlines while hearing a plea of a retired army officer, who claimed the terrace of his house in south Delhi's Vasant Enclave is being repeatedly spattered with excreta falling from aeroplanes.
Although it could not be properly proved that the poo came from planes, the environmental court said that planes in India could be searched upon landing.
The direction came on the plea of Lt Gen (Rtd) Satwant Singh Dahiya who had sought action against airlines and levy of hefty fines on them for endangering the health of residents, terming their act as violation of the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' (Clean India Mission).
“For over a week now, we found that walls and floors of our terrace are splattered with large patches of excreta dumped by aircraft flying in front of Palam airport at night. The last time it happened early in October, we had to spend Rs 50,000 to get the exterior painted,” Dahiya had stated in his plea.
The Ministry had opposed the argument and said plane toilets stored the waste in special tanks which are normally disposed of by ground crews once the plane lands. However, aviation officials acknowledge that lavatory leaks can occur in the air at times.
The green panel added that the amount collected as fine from airlines shall be used for environment protection and a quarterly report shall also be submitted by DGCA before it.
Sen. Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic Debate – at least as far as social media is concerned.
The self-proclaimed “Democratic-Socialist” from Vermont was the top candidate discussed on Facebook and Twitter during Tuesday's debate on CNN, according to each site's data, which was released later that same evening. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the second most mentioned candidate and former Virginia senator Jim Webb came in third.
Overall, there were 10 million debate-related interactions on Facebook between 4.2 million people.
The moment that caused the most buzz on Twitter and Facebook was when Sanders turned to Clinton during a question regarding her controversial use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state and said, “The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails.”
His campaign tweeted the quote and received the most retweets of the night, reaching over 12,000 by Wednesday morning.
Best line of the night: “The American people are sick of hearing about your damn emails, @HillaryClinton.” #DebateWithBernie — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) October 14, 2015
The Sanders campaign also used the moment to facilitate donations, by emailing the clip to supporters, encouraging them to to donate “before Bernie steps off the stage.” The campaign reported that it raised $1.3 million in the four hours after the debate started.
Sanders' quote, “Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall street regulates Congress” was the third most talked about moment on Twitter.
Former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee also received some attention after he defended his vote to repeal the Glass-Steagall Act, a law that separated commercial and investment banking, by saying his dad had just died and he had just arrived at the Senate.
Other than that comment, Chafee was not mentioned much on social media. Sanders and Clinton stole the show, receiving 41% and 39% of the debate mentions, respectively.
The most mentions of both occurred in the middle of the debate just before 7 p.m. PDT, which was shortly after Sander's made his comment about Clinton's emails. Sanders' name or Twitter handle was used 12,000 times per minute, while Clinton's name or Twitter handle was used 8,300 times per minute.
The other most retweeted tweets from Sander's campaign were a tweet with his quote, “I believe in a society where all people do well, not just a handful of billionaires” and a tweet asking viewers, “Notice how all the other candidates are starting to sound like Bernie Sanders?”
Notice how all the other candidates are starting to sound like Bernie Sanders? #DebateWithBernie — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) October 14, 2015
GOP front-runner Donald Trump and former president Bill Clinton also had some Twitter attention during the debate.
For instance, Trump expressed his opposition to the Democratic candidates' support for undocumented immigrants receiving health care. His tweet also received over 12,000 retweets as of Wednesday morning.
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2015
On a lighter note, Trump tweeted, “Good move by Bernie S.” The real estate mogul is not clear about what move he is referring to, but the tweet came around the same time as the senator's quote about Clinton's email.
Good move by Bernie S. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2015
Former president Bill Clinton tweeted a picture of him watching the debate, capturing a moment of just his wife on the screen, saying “What happens in Vegas … does I watch [Hillary Clinton] prove she's the most qualified candidate for POTUS.” The tweet was retweeted over 9,000 times as of Wednesday morning.
What happens in Vegas…does I watch @HillaryClinton prove she's the most qualified candidate for POTUS. #ImWithHer pic.twitter.com/ax1d56Whwt — Bill Clinton (@billclinton) October 14, 2015
And yet despite Bill Clinton's considerable following, Sanders showed he can garner a huge response from the public. According to the Facebook data, Vermont was the most engaged state during the debate. Their neighboring state New Hampshire, where Sanders currently leads in national polls, was the second most engaged.
Seth Godin's self-publishing experiment is over by Kevin Murphy
Seth Godin is returning to Portfolio, his former publisher, two years after jumping ship in favor of self-publishing and selling his books directly to readers.
Godin announced yesterday that his self-publishing experiment was over, and that he would release three new titles through Portfolio starting in January. The move comes after Godin used Kickstarter to gauge interest in his upcoming book projects. By the end of the day on June 18th Godin had signed up pledgers for 10,000 copies of his lead title, The Icarus Deception.
10,000 copies, it appears, is enough for Godin to guarantee sales of the book for Portfolio, which the publisher can then offer up as proof to booksellers that the title has the potential for even greater sales. The Wall Street Journal reports:
Mr. Godin, a marketing iconoclast known for titles like “Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable,” is taking an unorthodox path. A champion of new approaches to business, Mr. Godin decided to test online whether readers would be interested in his new books before the works actually hit the shelves, a decision that he says could make publishing and selling books considerably less risky in the future. For Mr. Godin, his hybrid approach—which essentially supplements his publisher's efforts with his own promotional work—could well become an industry template because it eliminates much of the uncertainty for booksellers and publishers deciding which titles to bet on. “The pressure on the bookstore and the publisher are to pick stuff that will work,” said Mr. Godin. “I'm saying ‘Hey, Mr. Bookstore Owner, the world has spoken. There are lots of people talking about these books.'
Any amount of insight into how a book will be received is good for business, of course, and so Godin's approach makes perfect sense. He does, however, have the luxury of being a high-profile author with a considerable audience, which makes the experiment less of a working business model for other authors to adopt and more of a marketing exercise that allows him to drum up attention for new work. The exercise also illustrates the benefits authors can gain when working with traditional book publishers, because while Godin is without question his very own best marketing asset, he does seem to realize that one man can only do so much. Again from the Wall Street Journal:
After Mr. Godin left Portfolio in the summer of 2010, he launched a joint venture imprint with Amazon.com Inc. AMZN -0.95% called the Domino Project, which published a dozen titles. Among them was Mr. Godin's “We Are All Weird,” which generated disappointing sales, results Mr. Godin later attributed to his own failure to aggressively promote the book. Late last year Mr. Godin called it quits, writing on his blog that the effort was “not a lifelong commitment to being a publisher of books.” As for Portfolio, it believes that the early copies that Mr. Godin sold will generate wider consumer interest when the book is distributed to stores and online. “Before we published ‘Purple Cow,' Seth self-published it and sold 10,000 copies,” said Adrian Zackheim, Portfolio's publisher. “It went on to sell hundreds of thousands of copies. The idea is that the core base will start talking about the book, and that will spread to non-core readers.”
The only question left to ask is why, if interest in his forthcoming books is so strong, did Godin choose to return to Portfolio now, rather than ride this wave of momentum into the self-publishing sunset? One reasonable answer might be that while selling directly to consumers certainly has its advantages, bookstores are still vital to selling books, and publishers have spent years building relationships with as many bookstores and booksellers as possible. In the end, it means selling more books.
There are two sets of packages for MongoDB; the standard Ubuntu packages, and a set published by 10gen themselves. The standard packages are out of date, especially for older releases of Ubuntu, so it is probably a good idea to set yourself up to install from the 10gen repositories.
The error message you quote suggests that you might have already tried this, since version 2.0.1 is not a standard Ubuntu package. I suggest that first of all, you completely uninstall Mongo and clean up your system. If you have existing data that you want to keep, you could take a backup of it. By default, it is stored in /var/lib/mongodb . So if you want to take a backup, take a copy of the files from there and keep them in a safe place.
Uninstalling existing MongoDB packages
Since I'm not 100% what you've got installed, I suggest the following to make sure everything is uninstalled:
sudo apt-get purge mongodb mongodb-clients mongodb-server mongodb-dev sudo apt-get purge mongodb-10gen sudo apt-get autoremove
Some of those commands may fail, depending on what packages you actually have installed, but that's okay.
This should also remove your config from /etc/mongodb.conf . If you want to completely clean up, you might also want to remove the data directory /var/lib/mongodb , so long as you backed it up or don't want it any more.
If you've installed by building from source or using the 10gen binary distributions, then you'll need to manually uninstall and clean up from wherever you put the binary files, config and data files.
Installing the 10gen MongoDB packages
Follow the 10gen instructions for adding their repository:
sudo apt-key adv --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv 7F0CEB10
Edit /etc/apt/sources.list , delete any lines you have already added for Mongo, and add the following single line (since 11.10 uses upstart) at the end:
deb http://downloads-distro.mongodb.org/repo/ubuntu-upstart dist 10gen
Note that if you add this repository using the Software Center, it will automatically add a deb-src entry, which will break apt-get. So you will need to edit your sources list by hand to add only the above line.
Then to install, run:
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install mongodb-10gen
Checking your install
Installing the packages should automatically start up the MongoDB server. So you should be able to run the client from the command line:
mongo
which should successfully connect to the test database. You can quit by typing exit .
By Survival International
A biofuels company set up by Shell in Brazil has scrapped controversial plans to source sugar cane from land stolen from an indigenous tribe after a vociferous campaign by the Indians and Survival International.
The company, Raizen, was established in 2010 as a joint venture of Shell and Brazilian ethanol giant Cosan to produce biofuel from sugar cane.
But some of its sugar cane is grown on land claimed by the Guarani tribe, one of the most persecuted and impoverished in South America. Their leaders are regularly killed by gunmen acting for the sugar cane growers and cattle ranchers who have taken over almost all their land.
Now Raizen has agreed to stop buying sugar cane from land declared as indigenous by the Ministry of Justice. Sustained campaigning by Survival, and pressure from Brazil's public ministry kick-started negotiations between Raizen and FUNAI, Brazil's Indian affairs department.
The breakthrough also sees Raizen vow to consult FUNAI, to avoid further investment or expansion in conflict areas that could be recognised as indigenous land in the future.
Guarani Indians have welcomed the news. Many of the tribe live in appalling conditions, in overcrowded reserves or camped on roadsides after being forced from their land.
Valdelice Veron's community in Mato Grosso do Sul state is directly affected. Guarani here report that their rivers have been polluted by pesticides used in the plantations. She says, ‘We'll be able to drink water from our land again. We'll be able to start afresh.'
Raizen has acknowledged the sensitive range of issues faced by the Guarani and promises to carry out a ‘social investment programme focused on the indigenous population.'
Raizen told Survival, ‘We want to use our withdrawal as a good example for other companies to follow. We are committed to respecting indigenous land declared by the Ministry of Justice.'
The landmark decision could set a precedent in Brazil, and will see Raizen's buying of sugar cane from land declared as indigenous, ‘definitely cease' by November 25.
Survival's Director Stephen Corry said today, ‘Raizen's decision is excellent news for the Guarani, who have been left to die on the roadside, and squeezed off their land by sugar cane production. Other companies must follow Raizen's example, and stop bankrolling the theft of Guarani land. It's time the world woke up to the fact that Brazil's biofuel is tainted with Indian blood.'
From Survival International: http://www.survivalinternational.org/news/8399
Participants in protest against FBI repression (Fight Back! News/Staff)
Tallahassee, FL - On Nov. 12, Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) disrupted a FBI recruitment panel at Florida State University. Students distributed informational flyers outside of the event detailing the role of the FBI in repression against activists and violations of civil rights.
Shortly into the FBI talk, a determined group of FSU students disrupted the speaker by announcing their opposition to the FBI presence on campus. The students educated those present about the FBI use of intimidation, spying and raids to repress activism. Their signs read, “End illegal spying” and “No FBI on campus.”
The students continued their protest, chanting, “Hey, hey, ho, ho, the FBI has got to go!” They got up and spoke in detail of the 2010 FBI raids on the homes and offices of anti-war and international solidarity activists in the Midwest. They also educated other students about the FBI spying and repression of the African American civil rights movement. Then the student activists chanted, “Justice for Rasmea!” in solidarity with the 67-year-old Palestinian activist who was jailed in Detroit earlier this week. After 15 minutes of continuous disruption, campus police officers removed the students from the event.
Regina Joseph, a leader in FSU Dream Defenders explains, “The FBI is a tool used to attack anyone who wants to raise political dissent. Its aim is not national security but upholding white supremacy.”
When questioned about the disruptive tactics used by the protestors, Maressa Simmons, an SDS member and leader in the F-Word, a feminist group on campus, answered, “There is no gray area as far as the FBI is concerned, you either are a murderer and support genocide and white supremacy, or you fight for the end of oppression.”
Asked about what she hoped the protest accomplished, SDS member Abby Cazel said, “I can only hope that these students will look more thoroughly into the literature that we gave out and begin to seek truth.” She added, “While I consider it a success to agitate the easily agitated, I consider it even more of a success to ignite questions in the minds of the curious. This is what I hope we achieved by shutting down this meeting.”
The disruption was recorded by a participant and is available at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWHdTTPeeHA
The logo is the face of any brand — the very first impression — so its design is extremely important.
When executed correctly, a logo is a powerful asset to your client's brand.
However, creating an effective visual representation of a brand requires much more than just graphic design.
Like any line of work that involves a set of specific skills, logo design requires plenty of practice and experience for it to be successful; knowledge is definitely power for any graphic designer.
For this reason, we have outlined 12 essential rules to follow in order to design an effective logo.
1. Preliminary Work Is a Must
Preliminary sketches are an important first step in designing an effective logo.
These can be as simple as paper and pen drawings or drafts made using a vector program, such as Illustrator.
The bottom line is that you compromise the final result if you rush, or skip, this step.
Start with 20 to 30 sketches or ideas and then branch out to create variations of the original ideas.
If nothing seems to work, start over and begin sketching new ideas.
An effective graphic designer will spend more time on this preliminary work than any other step in the design process.
2. Create Balance
Balance is important in logo design because our minds naturally perceive a balanced design as being pleasing and appealing.
Keep your logo balanced by keeping the “weight” of the graphics, colors, and size equal on each side.
Though the rule of balance can occasionally be broken, remember that your logo will be viewed by the masses, not just those with an eye for great art, so a balanced design is the safest approach.
3. Size Matters
When it comes to logo design, size does matter. A logo has to look good and be legible at all sizes.
A logo is not effective if it loses too much definition when scaled down for letterheads, envelopes, and small promotional items. The logo also has to look good when used for larger formats, such as posters, billboards, and electronic formats such as TV and the Web.
The most reliable way to determine if a logo works at all sizes is to actually test it yourself.
Note that the smallest scale is usually the hardest to get right, so start by printing the logo on a letterhead or envelope and see if it is still legible.
You can also test for large-scale rendering by printing a poster-sized version at a print shop.
4. Clever Use of Color
Color theory is complex, but designers who understand the basics are able to use color to their advantage.
The basic rules to keep in mind are:
Use colors near to each other on the color wheel (e.g. for a “warm” palette, use red, orange, and yellow hues).
Don't use colors that are so bright that they are hard on the eyes.
The logo must also look good in black and white, grayscale, and two colors.
Breaking the rules sometimes is okay; just make sure you have a good reason to!
Knowing how colors evoke feelings and moods is also important. For example, red can evoke feelings of aggression, love, passion, and strength.
Keep this in mind as you try out different color combinations, and try to match the color to the overall tone and feel of the brand.
Playing around with individual colors on their own is another good idea. Some brands are recognizable solely by their distinct color.
For example, when you think of John Deere, you think of the “John Deere green” color, and this sets this brand apart from its competitors and, more importantly, makes the brand all the more recognizable.
5. Design Style Should Suit the Company
You can use various design styles when creating a logo, and to pick the right one, you should have some background information about the client and the brand.
A recent trend in logo design is the Web 2.0 style of 3D-looking logos, with “bubbly” graphics, gradients, and drop shadows.
This style may work well for a Web 2.0 website or tech company, but may not be effective for other kinds of brands.
Research your client and its audience before you begin your preliminary work.
This will help you determine the best design style from the start and save you from having to return repeatedly to the drawing board.
6. Typography Matters… a Lot!
Choosing the right font type and size is much more difficult than many beginner designers realize.
If your logo design includes text, either as part of the logo or in the tagline, you will need to spend time sorting through various font types — often, dozens of them — and testing them in your design before making a final decision.
Try both serif fonts and sans-serif fonts as well as script, italics, bold, and custom fonts.
Consider three main points when choosing a font to accompany your logo design:
Avoid the most commonly used fonts, such as Comic Sans, or else your design may come off as amateurish.
Make sure the font is legible when scaled down, especially with script fonts.
One font is ideal, and avoid more than two.
Strongly consider a custom font for your design. The more original the font, the more it will distinguish the brand. Examples of successful logos that have a custom font are Yahoo!, Twitter, and Coca-Cola.
7. The Goal IS Recognition
The whole point of creating a logo is to build brand recognition. So, how do you go about doing this?
Well, it varies from case to case, but the goal with the logo is for the average person to instantly call the brand to mind.
A few examples of this are the logos for Coca-Cola, Pepsi, McDonald's, and Nike.
Just a glimpse of any of these logos is all you need to recognize the brands.
The key to making a popular and recognizable logo is to combine all of the elements discussed in this article: size, style, color, typography, and originality.
Overlooking any of these during the design process will impair the quality of your final design. Examine your own logo design and see whether it meets all of these criteria.
A quick test to determine if your logo is recognizable enough is to invert it using any graphic design software and see if you can still recognize the brand. Additionally, you should mirror the logo and see if it's easily recognizable in this state.
Keep in mind that logos aren't always seen head-on in real world situations, for example, on the side of a bus or a billboard that you drive by.
Therefore, you should make sure to view your logo design from all angles and ensure that it's recognizable from any direction before submitting it to your client.
8. Dare to be Different
To stand out from the competition, you must distinguish yourself as a designer with a distinct style. Rather than copy another design or style, be innovative and stand out from the crowd.
So, how can you be different? Try breaking the rules of design and taking risks.
Try a variety of styles to find the one that works best for your client. Try different color combinations until you find one that makes your design truly original.
Have fun with the design program you use, and keep tweaking the design until you feel you've got it right.
9. K.I.S.S. (Keep it Simple, Stupid)
The simpler the logo, the more recognizable it will be.
For example, the Nike swoosh is an extremely simple logo and is also one of the most recognizable in the world.
Follow the K.I.S.S. rule right from the start of the design process, when you are brainstorming ideas and doodling sketches.
Often, you'll find that you start with a relatively complicated design and end up with a simpler version of it in the end.
Work the design down to its essentials and leave out all unnecessary elements.
10. Go Easy on Effects
Adobe Illustrator, Freehand, Photoshop, and other graphic design programs are extremely powerful tools and have many filters and effects that you can apply to your logo, but don't get carried away!
There's a time and place for these powerful tools, but it is not necessarily to design a logo.
Of course, playing around and seeing whether they enhance a logo is fine, but just remember that simplicity is key.
11. Develop a Design “Assembly Line”
To produce consistently high-quality logos, you need to develop your own design process, or “assembly line.” This should include the following steps:
Research
Brainstorm and generate ideas
Preliminary sketches
Develop vector designs
Send to client
Add or remove anything the client wants
Finalize the design and resubmit to client
Although you may want to tweak the order slightly, you should follow these basic steps with each logo design.
This will help you streamline your work, stay organized, maintain focus, and deliver better quality and more consistent results with each job.
12. Use Other Designs for Inspiration Only!
The last rule for designing an effective logo is quite simple: don't copy other designers' work! While there's nothing wrong with being inspired by other designers, copying another person's ideas or work is morally and legally wrong.
Gallery websites exist that let you use vector art images free of charge, with proper attribution under the Creative Commons License, but I strongly recommend not going this route.
These websites can be helpful for getting ideas during the brainstorming stage, but you're better off starting your design from scratch and making it 100% original.
Written exclusively for WDd by Jarkko Laine.
Do you follow these rules when designing your logos? Why or why now? Please share your comments with us…
With news breaking in Al Jazeera this week about the possible poisoning of Yasser Arafat by polonium, I thought it worthwhile to examine an interesting line in Clayton Swisher's report, which refers to an accident in an Israeli lab involving the material. Through further research, I discovered that this was the first nuclear accident in Israeli history and it took the lives of a number of Israeli researchers, both immediately after the accident and even decades later.
This report by Haaretz's Akiva Eldar is based on Michael Karpin's book, The Bomb in the Basement: How Israel Went Nuclear and What That Means for the World:
Dr. Dror Sadeh: One of the earliest victims of Israeli polonium poisoning, died of cancer at age 60 after major 1957 radiation leak
According to the book, in 1957 a leak was discovered at a Weizmann Institute laboratory operated by the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC). Traces of polonium 210 were found on the hands of Prof. Dror Sadeh, a physicist who researched radioactive materials, as well as on various objects in the professor's home. The AEC handled the accident with deep secrecy. After a short investigation, whose results were not presented to even the workers, the lab was hermetically sealed for several months. A month after the lab closed, a physics student died of leukemia. A few years later, Prof. Yehuda Wolfson, Sadeh's direct supervisor, also died, and Prof. Amos de Shalit, the department's director, died of cancer in 1969 at age 43. When the leak was discovered, Sadeh was terribly anxious, but tests indicated he was well. But according to Karpin's book, the tests did not include his bone marrow. Sadeh and his wife hid the facts from their family and friends until he died prematurely. The cause of death was cancer. The Israeli authorities did not admit that the leak and the deaths were connected, but people close to Sadeh confirmed that the state took responsibility for the accident and compensated his family.
This obituary indicates Sadeh, who later became a renowned astrophysicist, proved a fundamental principle of Einstein's theory of relativity, and was the director of the Israeli space agency, died at age 60 in 1993.
Here is another source offering more information on the cause of the leak, and the scientists contaminated, including the graduate student who died:
The first nuclear accident in Israel took place before the reactor was operational. In the years 1956-1957 scientists in the Weizmann Institute were preparing for the construction of the reactor and the production of a bomb. “Material which was supposed to seal the nuclear substance and protect it from leaking cracked and radioactive materials leaked. This was discovered late, and high reading of nuclear material was found in the laboratory and in the bodies of some of the workers. High radiation was also found in the homes of the young scientists, articles they touched and even their children's beds. This was reported by Maariv in 2006 after a period of censorship in these matters for nearly 50 years (a report by Chen Kotz-Bar). …Dror Sade himself wrote: “During 1956-1957 I was working in the radioactive laboratory in the Weizmann Institute. I was an employee of the Israeli Nuclear Energy Committee. As part of my work I treated a radioactive source which emitted alpha rays. This source was coated with a very thin layer of plastic material designed so that all the radiation would be directed towards the target. For a long period of time there was no monitoring of the radiation in the institute. Then one day a test was conducted on a table at the lab, and Alpha radiation well exceeding normal level was detected. Even in my home radiation was detected. The lab was sealed for some months. In my urine tests no radiation was found, but no attempt to test other organs (e.g. bone marrow) was made. One month after the lab was closed one of the physics students died from blood cancer. As far as I can remember his name was Yonathan Ramberg. Asia Ramberg, widow of Yonathan Ramberg (the student who died of leukemia) recalled: “I remember that someone from the institute came and said that he had to go as soon as possible to the hospital.” Bamberg was a graduate student at the Weizmann Institute at the time and was the youngest faculty member in Dror Sadeh's group. “Yonathan was 28 at the time. He was feeling quite ill and large spots started to appear on his body. I was not even scared; I just saw the bright side of things. We went to the hospital Friday and on Saturday they told me that he was very ill. The day after that, Sunday, was our second anniversary. I picked a few flowers, and when I got to the hospital I saw Yonathan dwindle in front of my eyes. He died the same day. I was in shock. My parents collected me from the hospital like a broken egg-shell. I was helpless. I barely spoke for three years. I did not investigate what happened. Nothing.”
It makes perfect sense that Israeli intelligence, learning about both the accident and its repercussions for the health of the lab workers, would be interested in learning everything it could about polonium poisoning. When you have a lemon, you make lemonade, right? Clearly, Russia had a similar program because its polonium was used, likely by its intelligence agents, to poison Alexander Litvinenko in 2006.
Israel operates a major facility at Ness Ziona which experiments with chemical and biological agents. It would make sense if research was performed on polonium, it would've happened here.
Now that the PA has agreed to exhume Arafat's body in Ramallah, further testing has at least a 50% chance of determining whether polonium killed him. Testing of his body tissues could also isolate the nuclear facility from which the polonium was produced. If Israel killed him, it would've been far smarter to have procured Russian polonium than to have used material from Israel's Dimona reactor. But if the material is from Dimona, the killers would then be exposed.
Though we can't know for sure whether Israel did it, we can see who is creeping out of the mire to debunk Al Jazeera. Josh Block and Lenny Ben David, both paid pro-Israel operatives (one formerly with Aipac and the second, the Israeli embassy) are circulating discredited claims that Arafat was a “sexual deviant” (Elie Leshem happily published this nonsense in The Times of Israel and justified it by falsely associating the term “pederast” with Arafat) who engaged in gay sex with his bodyguards and died of AIDS. The AIDS claims was convincingly debunked within the Al Jazeera documentary by a specialist who tested him (as did the French hospital where he died) and found him HIV negative. The gay sex smear was peddled in a smutty book by the Romanian ex-secret police chief under Ceausescu, who defected to the west. That was good enough for the “quality journalism” represented by the Times of Israel and its crusading, truth-seeking editor, Elie Leshem. ‘Nuf said.
The Jerusalem Post quotes an “expert” falsely claiming that polonium deteriorates so quickly that no traces of it could remain after eight years. This expert has no scientific training, and in fact has a PhD in political science and is a colonel in the IDF. Hussein Ibish, DC neocons' favorite Arab, writes in Foreign Policy that the Al Jazeera story is bogus because the symptoms Arafat presented at death were inconsistent with polonium poisoning. Ibish offers no scientific support for his claims. In ad hominem tweets calling me “raving mad,” Ibish quotes a post I wrote in 2004, two weeks after Arafat died, speculating that he died of AIDS. This eight year-old post was first dredged up by Islamophobe pro-Israel blogger, David Lange. Neither Lange nor Ibish note that five years ago I posted that Sharon likely ordered the killing. If Arafat is found to have been poisoned by Polonium, that 2007 post will have been proven correct. In the world of intellectual sham inhabited by these two, you can't change your mind about anything. Returning to Arafat's symptoms, at least one he exhibited, severe diarrhea, is consistent with such poisoning. Ibish, of course, doesn't mention this. Though it is true that Litvinenko lost his hair and Arafat did not.
The fact that such figures have come out of the woodwork to protect Israel from culpability for Arafat's death indicates there are those within Israel's intelligence apparatus who want to obfuscate and confuse rather than shed light on these issues.
Annie Hart's solo debut, Impossible Accomplice , is a subtle stroke of ethereal genius. Fresh off appearing twice on David Lynch's Twin Peaks reboot with her New York dream-pop band Au Revoir Simone, Hart solidifies herself as a singular talent with her first solo album.
Impossible Accomplice
Annie Hart
July 28
It's nearly impossible to separate Hart from Au Revoir Simone, but Hart manages to focus the former's blueprint with tighter arrangements awakened by a synthesized reel of melting intimacy.
Hiding within these sweltering and textural soundscapes, pure dance pop radiates to elegantly balance out her velvety harmonies. Her wistful lyricism is conveyed with veracity. Together with the album's humming iridescence, Hart's sincerity envelops the listener with the warmest embrace as she treads upon themes of love and broken relationships.
While undoubtedly somber, Hart simultaneously draws from the danceability of ‘80s new wave and infuses an endearing sense of hope and happiness. Beneath the skin of all this love-tinged melancholy, a drum machine palpitates like it is the album's heart, mourning fractured relationships. With such melodic intelligence and mystifying grace, Annie Hart unearths a hue of elation in the midst of brokenness.
Possessing pristine vocals and masterful keyboard musicianship, she accomplishes a swelling ambiance with pop subtleties that will inspire warmth in the most cynical and broken of hearts. Hart lays off the darker tones that Au Revoir Simone often explored and offers something more lovely—a pop-oriented balm for those who share her pain.
RIFF chatted with Hart over email about carving out a unique image, embarking on a solo career, working at Fred Armisen's home and Twin Peaks.
RIFF: Naturally, your name is synonymous with Au Revoir Simone, but how have you been able to separate yourself as a solo artist?
Annie Hart: I haven't actually tried to separate myself from Au Revoir Simone, or even thought about it. I think the comparisons between both entities' music are inevitable, and it's nearly impossible to branch out and do your own thing without traces of your past volume of work popping up in people's minds. Also, I've always been creating music that I like to hear, and since I'm not remarkably wealthy to buy more musical instruments nor talented at playing a variety of them, I'm working with basically the same sonic palette that I did with Au Revoir Simone, less Erika [Forster] and Heather [D'Angelo]'s voices.
How has the writing and recording process as a solo artist differed to Au Revoir Simone's?
At first it was absolutely petrifying. I really relied on my bandmates for their judgment and approval. My view was that if we came up with something that all three of us liked, then it must be good enough to present to the outside world. But slowly and surely, as I got deeper into meditation and trusting myself to know what I liked, I just went with it and embraced what I liked and hoped that this particular music would find people who like the same weird things. So what if a song had only two chords and no chorus? It resonated with me and I left it alone.
What type of artistic freedoms have you been able to wield now that you are embarking on a solo career?
Well, aside from … having strange [song] structures, the biggest freedom I have is trying any idea I deem worth trying without any fear of judgment other than my own. I'm not always confident that my idea is good, and even if I saw potential in it, I would see a similar potential on Heather and Erika's germs, so why not work on those? Strangely, they would often like ideas of mine that I didn't really like, and sometimes those songs ended up on the records! … It's the luxury of time, taking time away from and toward an idea, and working on it for months and sometimes years, leaving space for my mind to see it as an outside observer.
What does the future hold for Au Revoir Simone?
I have no idea! We have an undeniable magic. We'd get lost in these synth-scapes for hours and hours, practicing so much and just playing around with sound combinations until they were hypnotizing. I've never had that experience with anyone else; that total lack of wall between composers and sharing the same brain. Every now and then we toy with the idea of getting together to play a concert. We'll all see together where that ends up!
You, Erika and Heather appeared on the Twin Peaks reboot not once but twice inside the iconic Bang Bang Bar. How did the relationship between Au Revoir Simone and David Lynch come about?
David was on his book tour for Catching The Big Fish and we were invited to play alongside him at a bookstore here in New York. We were both interviewed in front of an audience. It was packed! When we finished, his people said, “David really likes you,” and we said, “Great!” then they said, “No, David really likes you.” He ended up inviting us to play his museum opening at the Fundacion Cartier in Paris, the opening of the nightclub he's involved with over there, Silencio, and doing an awesome remix for us. He's been this amazing guiding light and huge supporter. We really owe so much to his vociferous appreciation of us.
Have you played David Lynch Impossible Accomplice yet?
I haven't! I have a hard time sending people music, but now that you mention it, maybe I should!
Impossible Accomplice as a whole seems to tread upon the tonal marriage between happy and sad that prevailed in the ‘80s new wave scene. Did you intend to pull from this era?
I definitely was listening to a lot of new waves and its derivatives when I was composing this set of songs. I really love that marriage between synth and live bass and tried to do that as much as I could. And that can be with a drum machine or a live drummer; they both add a different kind of magic to the music. I listened to Tubeway Army, Gary Numan's first band, a lot. I also got into really analyzing New Order and how they use instrumentation and honest-sounding lyrics to captivate the listener, and also make you dance. I love Paper, this rad synth kind of punk band from Sweden. I really like how all these musicians have kind of aggressive and not always in tune voices, and it works with the gritty textures and raw emotions way better than something polished would.
“My Heart's Been Broken,” arguably the best track on your album, exemplifies this happy/sad contrast with ethereal synthesizers and heartbreaking lyrics. To whom or what does the song refer?
It was the last track I finished. I wrote it as the last song in this event my friends and I do that we call “Song Challenge.” “Song Challenge” was apparently started by Justin from the Vaccines. The idea is you write and record a bunch of songs in one day and then play them for your friends. I absolutely love it, but it is also nerve-wracking since my vocals are usually out of key and my lyrics usually trite or mumbled, or both.
I kept the chorus from that day, which seemed like a good starting place for a story, and I wrote the verses very unusually for me: I wrote down in my notebook what I thought the mumbled words from the demo were. I thought they turned very poignant. … I got the idea in my head that the song was about someone in particular I was having tension with, someone who was really upset and thought I was mad at her, and didn't understand what she was going through. She wasn't listening to me in person; just kind of putting a wall of anger around her emotions. I wanted her to know that my heart had been broken as well, and I empathized with her emotions and life's trajectory—that I could relate to her pain and wasn't judging her, or angry.
Who was “Hard To Be Still,” a love song, written about?
I wrote this one for my husband, Doug Marvin, who is really amazing. I don't know how I started on the idea, but I have absolutely never been able to write an unabashed love song about [anyone]. I think the real vibe cuts the cute factor and I'm able to be happy with the happy lyrics. I released it as a single because I asked a bunch of people which song was the single and they picked that one.
The song credits include Fred Armisen, at whose apartment you recorded the bass and drums. How did that all go down?
Fred is a big Au Revoir Simone fan and sent us a fan email a while back. We started writing back and forth a little and then invited him to our next show in Portland. Luck would have it, he wouldn't be around for the time before the show but he offered us to stay in his apartment. I was actually going to be in town for a few days prior so I took him up on that. He had a little mini studio in the room I was staying in and I couldn't resist hooking it up to my GarageBand and just messing around. Things fell into place from there. I wasn't even going to tell him I did it there, but I did after he complimented me on the song and he was so psyched it got started at his place.
What does the title, Impossible Accomplice, mean?
The title is actually something I read in an interview in the Rough Trade store magazine! It was an interview between two women, describing how they met, how the other one seemed like a “possible accomplice” to art and life adventures. I flipped it in my mind and mulled it over while I made the coffee and suddenly it struck me how that word pair echoed the sentiment across the record. Most of these songs are about love that I couldn't have for some reason or another. I just couldn't have what I wanted at the time, and the person in question was just not happening although they seemed perfect. I think of “accomplice” in the way that the two women in the interview did, like someone to share life with, but also maybe get in trouble with. Now I see that these people were impossible accomplices due to life situations or character flaws, or that they treated me like garbage and I shouldn't have been worshipping them in the first place.
Follow writer Kyle Kohner at Twitter.com/kylejkohner.
Fox News host Megyn Kelly insisted Friday that her earlier comment that Santa Claus was “just white,” which invited significant backlash, had been a joke — and that her critics were just looking for an excuse to call her a racist.
“In kicking off the light-hearted segment, I offered a tongue-in-cheek message for any kids watching, saying that Santa — who I joked was a real person whose race was identifiable — is white,” Kelly said. “Humor is a part of what we try to bring to this show, but sometimes, that is lost on the humorless.”
She then lambasted her critics for failing to get the joke.
“This would be funny if it were not so telling about our society,” she continued. “In particular, the knee-jerk instinct by so many to race-bait and to assume the worst of people, especially people employed by the very powerful Fox News Channel.”
The full video is below.
Mayor Bing's administration is secretly heading up an ambitious plan to convert six predominately vacant, blighted blocks on the east side into a multi-pronged project near Detroit's historic Black Bottom, where the city's African Americans were forced to live in squalid conditions until the land was demolished in the 1960s.
The six blocks, from Chene to St. Aubin and Pierce to Wilkins, is bustling with bulldozers and construction workers this morning after four days of clearing trees, tilling the land and cleaning up tires and other trash. Crews are soon expected to demolish six buildings, including houses, an old church and a school at the corner of Pierce and Chene.
It's unclear why Detroit is keeping the project a secret since it involves a lot of city property and deals with private developers.
Not even the city council was apprised, which appears to be illegal.
So what's going on?
A Motor City Muckraker investigation over the course of the week reveals that Bing's administration is quietly planning to turn over the property to business developers and the adjacent Detroit Public School Academy. All involved parties, including a Grosse Pointe real estate developer, agreed to keep the project quiet until Bing makes a future announcement.
The land looks like an urban prairie with abandoned and burned-out houses, but its proximity to the Eastern Market, downtown and the freeways is appealing.
If all goes as planned, a developer will revive a long-buried creek, called Bloody Run, which sweeps through the project area. The project would expand the Dequindre Cut greenway to Elmwood Cemetery, then south to the Detroit River.
The academy wants to build a sporting complex for students across the street.
It's still unclear what the private developers plan to do with the property or whether tax dollars are being used at a time when the city is cutting police and fire protection and numerous other services.
According to property records, most of the lots on the site are owned by Detroit, despite the insistence of Bing's office that only a “few” properties are publicly owned.
While the project looks appealing, at least on the surface, Bing's handling of the the process may derail it because city council is required to approve such deals. The public also doesn't respond well to secret projects, especially from an administration that pledged to create more transparency.
The mayor's office is expected to make an announcement on the property within a few weeks.
Check back later for an exhaustive look at the area through photos.
Got tips or suggestions? Contact Steve at sneavling@gmail.com.
Steve Neavling is an investigative journalist and former city hall reporter for the Detroit Free Press. Living on the city's east side, Neavling explores corruption, civil liberties and the underbelly of an oft-misunderstood city.
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for daily updates, investigations and photos of Detroit.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
I finished the cookie poncho today.
All of the squares are joined, the ends are woven in and trimmed, and the border is crocheted.
It is all ready to go except for one thing: the blocking.
Some people don't block their acrylic projects, and there are plenty of yarn snobs who think there is nothing that can be done to make acrylic acceptable in polite company, so why waste the time and energy to block an object that will never be as awesome/amazing/cool as an alpaca/cashmere/merino/silk/angora/bison blend free-form tablerunner/shawl/throw rug?
Well I'll tell you why I bother: blocking a project makes it look its best.
So today, after I had laid out all of the pieces:
finished joining them:
and then added a border:
it was time to block the poncho so that is full beauty could be realized.
Unfortunately, it was also time to get my son to his trumpet lesson. So tomorrow, when the sun has risen on the new day, I will get out my blocking tub, fill it with warm water and vinegar, and immerse the poncho for a good, long soak, and once, I have wrung or the water and placed it on a sweater dryer under a ceiling fan set to high, and in return, the fibers will relax, the pieces will fit better, and the cookie poncho will be ready to wear.
NBC 7 San Diego Caltrans worker Joe Thomas with Cesar Ortiz. Thomas gave CPR to Cesar on the side of the road after the child's mother flagged him down.
A Caltrans maintenance worker who helped save a toddler's life along State Route 54 in the San Diego area earlier this week was reunited with the happy, healthy baby boy and his very grateful family on Friday.
On Monday, Caltrans worker Joe Thomas was traveling along SR-54 when he noticed two women in distress on the side of the road, crying and waving for help.
The women, mother Denise Ortiz and grandmother Rebecca Hill, told Thomas their 13-month-old baby, Cesar Ortiz, wasn't breathing and needed immediate medical attention.
Thomas called 911, grabbed the child from Hill's hands and proceeded to render first aid and CPR on the spot, saving the tot's life.
Hill says the family was driving on the freeway when baby Cesar suddenly began crying and shaking. After that, the baby's eyes rolled to the back of his head and he stopped breathing.
By the time Thomas pulled over and got to Cesar, Thomas says the boy was not breathing and had turned blue.
Thomas says he immediately began compressions on the baby's chest and back and then administered CPR. Eventually, Cesar began gasping for air and was able to breathe on his own again.
Read more stories at NBCSanDiego.com
Emergency crews arrived shortly thereafter and transported the revived toddler to Rady Children's Hospital. He was released that same day and is now doing well.
The child's mother said Cesar had been sick a week earlier. Doctors told her the child had suffered a high fever in the car, followed by a small seizure that made him temporarily stop breathing.
Ortiz and Hill say they're extremely thankful to Thomas for saving Cesar's life.
Thomas says he just wanted the little boy to be okay and did what he had to do.
“I didn't think about it, I just did it,” said Thomas.
All three believe Thomas was at the right place at the right time.
Normally, Thomas said he doesn't travel along SR-54 for work, but that day something just told him to drive that way.
"I just think God led me that way that day. God just used me," he added.
Thomas, who's worked for Caltrans for the past 15 years and has four children of his own, says he learned his CPR skills from training seminars held by his company.
Thomas says he receives CPR training through Caltrans every three years, but this was the first time he's ever had to use those skills. He urges everyone to become trained in CPR as a precaution.
After this scary incident, both Ortiz and Hill say they plan to take CPR classes.
“I was scared; I've never been through this before,” said Ortiz. “I have to take a CPR class now, just in case.”
Happy ending and all, the story of Thomas, baby Cesar and family doesn't end here.
They all say they plan to stay in touch for many years to come.
“We're in a long term relationship now – I'm bringing them into my family,” said Thomas.
At Friday's heartfelt reunion, baby Cesar was full of energy -- walking, laughing, talking and playing like a healthy, bouncy, baby boy. He hugged the man who saved him and giggled when Thomas put a white Caltrans hard-hat on his little head.
As for Caltrans, well, they're pretty proud of Thomas' quick-thinking and compassion on the job.
The company thanked their heroic worker on Twitter earlier this week, posting : “Great job Joe!”
Great job, indeed.
Editor's Note: These offers have expired and are no longer available. The rates in this article were accurate at the original time of writing and publishing this article and are no longer current. Please see the issuers website for current rates and offers.
This afternoon we received a “Notice of Change in Terms and Right to Opt Out from Citibank” in the mail. We've known that Citi would be increasing rates for a couple of weeks now, but we now have details straight from the horse's mouth. All I can say is that… I sure am glad that we don't carry a balance on our cards!
I've transcribed the entire letter below, but here's an executive summary:
Purchase APR is going up to a minimum of 16.99%
is going up to a Cash advance APR is going up to a minimum of 21.99%
is going up to a Default APR is easier to trigger, and increasing to a minimum of 23.99%
is easier to trigger, and increasing to a fee for foreign transactions are increasing (new 3% transaction fee )
are increasing (new ) You can opt out of the changes, but they'll ultimately close your account
Here's the full text of the letter:
The Changes. We are changing you Card Agreement. The changes will be effective for all billing periods beginning on or after December 3, 2008. The changes will be effective whether or not you receive a billing statement. I. We are changing how we calculate your variable APR for purchases: We are increasing your variable APR for purchases. Your purchase APR will equal the U.S. Prime Rate plus 10.99% with a minimum APR of 16.99%. As of October 1, 2008, this purchase APR is 16.99%. This APR equals a daily periodic rate of 0.0465%. II. We are changing how we calculate your variable APR for cash advances: We are increasing your variable APR for cash advances. Your cash advance APR will equal the U.S. Prime Rate plus 16.99% with a minimum APR of 21.99%. As of October 1, 2008, this cash advance APR is 21.99%. This APR equals a daily periodic rate of 0.0602%. III. We are changing the following sections regarding APRs: Default APR. All your APRs (including promotional APRs) on all balance may automatically increase to the deafult APR if you default under any Card Agreement you have with us because you do not make the minimum payment when due,
go over the credit line, or
make a payment to us that is not honored. The deafult APR equals the greatest of (1) the Prime Rate plus 23.99% or (2) up to 29.99%. We set your default APR by reviewing the seriousness of your default with us and your credit history. The default APR takes effect as of the first day of the billing period in which you default. We may lower the APR for new purchases and/or cash advances if you meet the new terms of all Card Agreements that you have with us for six billing periods in a row. However, the default APR will continue to apply to your existing balances until they are paid in full, unless we tell you otherwise.. IV. We are changing how we calculate the fee for foreign purchases. This fee will be called the Transaction Fee for Foreign Pruchases. The description in your Card Agreement of this fee will be as follows: Transaction Fee for Foreign Purchases. We add a fee of 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase made outside the U.S., whether made in U.S. Dollars or in a foreign currency. This fee is a FINANCE CHARGE. RIght to Opt Out. to opt out of these changes, you must call or write us by January 31, 2009. When you do, you must tell us that you are opting out. Call us toll-free at 1-866-565-7030. (Please have your account number available.) Write us at Customer Service Center, P.O. Box 6218, Sioux Falls, SD, 57117-6218. Include your name, address, and account number on your letter. If you opt out of these charges, you may use your account under the current terms until the end of your current membership year or the expiration date on your card, whichever is later. We will close your account at that time. You must then repay the balance under the current terms.
So there you have it… A bunch of negative changes for Citi cardholders. If you're carrying a balance on one of their cards, then it's probably time to start looking around for a 0% balance transfer offer. If you don't carry a balance, then this really isn't too big of a deal.
This week's CBC Metro Morning radio series "Fathering Change: Strengthening the Role of Black Fathers" explores fatherhood issues in troubled homes and neighbourhoods (listen to the series now).
Steve Thomas got out of prison on a Friday afternoon. By Monday morning, he was at the Children's Aid Society offices in Toronto trying to get his baby daughter back.
While he was serving a seven-month sentence, she was taken from her mother and placed in foster care.
Thomas (his name has been changed in this story to protect the identity of his child) is one of many black fathers from troubled homes who want a bigger role in their children's lives. It's part of what's sometimes called a "fatherhood movement" playing out in cities with large black communities from Kingston, Jamaica, to New York City, to Toronto.
But it's often easier said than done.
In Thomas's case, his unexpected appearance at Children's Aid caused a commotion.
"Staff members came running down the stairs," he recalls, to get a glimpse of him. One of them was calling urgently, "The father's here, the father's here!"
His daughter's child protection team hadn't factored an absent black father into their plans. The baby's mother had stopped showing up for her scheduled access visits, the foster parents wanted to adopt and the legal hearing was only two months away.
His first supervised visit with his daughter was a challenge. The baby wouldn't stop crying, but as Thomas held her he repeated, "I'm Daddy, Daddy loves you," until the sobs began to subside.
A social worker came into the room and told Thomas, "You're a natural." She also said he had little time left to make his case as a father.
Over the next two months his race against time — enrolling in parenting classes, finding an apartment, proving to the child protection team that his daughter would be better off with him than with her foster family — would lead to an on-again, off-again custody arrangement.
Today he has weekly scheduled visits with his daughter, hoping to soon have her back for good.
"It would be easier to give up," Thomas says.
Common struggle
Thomas hasn't given up. But some black men in troubled neighbourhoods, facing similar pressures, withdraw from their role as fathers.
For a 2013 study called Gathering Our Voices, black fathers in Toronto talked about their experiences at 11 community forums in priority neighbourhoods, places designated by the City of Toronto as facing numerous social and economic inequities.
Researchers noted the "paucity of information" about black family structure and residential patterns.
The system tries to disenfranchise the father. We're just a sperm donor. But we have the same emotion as a woman has, we just don't show it. - Steve Thomas
The most recent figures come from Statistics Canada, which reports that in 2000, 40 per cent of children in African-Canadian homes were in single-parent households, almost always headed by the mother. The numbers were even higher in Toronto's Jamaican-Canadian community, where two out of three children were growing up in single-parent homes.
Those numbers contrast sharply with more recent numbers on Canadian families overall, of which Statistics Canada says lone-parent families represented only 16.3 per cent in 2011.
A Toronto Star investigation published in December 2014 also found an unusually large number of black children in foster and group homes. It said 41 per cent of the children and youth in the care of the Children's Aid Society of Toronto are black, while just 8.2 per cent of Toronto's population under the age of 18 is black.
One of the prominent themes emerging from the Gathering Our Voices forums was the lack of black fathering role models in many priority neighbourhoods.
Photographer Zun Lee says images of black fathers with their children are underrepresented in most mainstream media coverage, fostering negative stereotypes. (Courtesy Zun Lee)
The report added that, "the most frequently discussed barriers to being a good father included family court, employment challenges, educational attainment and interactions with their child's school."
Census Canada's National Household Survey (2011) says that in Ontario, the unemployment rate of 13 per cent for black adults was almost twice the provincial average. It was even higher - 25 per cent - for black youth, comparable only to Aboriginal youth.
Financial pressures are only part of the problem.
Institutions such as the family courts and the child protection system routinely leave the father out of the planning process. In Gathering Our Voices, researchers said fathers who were involved with the Ontario Family Court system, "overwhelmingly suggested that the system was designed on an antiquated philosophy that favours mothers over fathers."
They also felt the, "system was biased and participated in precluding them from being with their children."
Fathers elsewhere, no matter what their skin colour, echo those experiences. In the report Manufacturing Ghost Fathers, researcher Leslie Brown reviewed 116 randomly selected files from a child protection agency in a midsized Canadian city. This study explored what it called "the invisibility of fathers in the child welfare system in Canada." It found that almost 50 per cent of fathers is considered irrelevant to mothers and children.
"They were nowhere to be found in the files," says Brown. "They exist in the lives of these children, but child welfare doesn't see them."
That bias against fathers is intensified by higher than average incarceration rates. In 2012 Canada's Office of the Correctional Investigator (OCI) identified black inmates as one of the fastest-growing groups in federal corrections, increasing by 75 per cent over the past 10 years. Its report pointed out that while black people make up about 2.5 per cent of Canada's population, they represented just over 9 per cent of the federal inmate population.
When we talk about black fathers we assume that black men don't care, not understanding that hundreds of years of slavery have created the disjointed family. - Knia Singh
The impact of incarceration extends to the relationships between black mothers and fathers in ways that go beyond the physical separation, according to Knia Singh. A law student at Osgoode Law School and a member of Toronto's African-Canadian Coalition of Community Organizations, he is a father who won sole custody of his own daughter, now in her 20s.
Singh says many African-Canadian fathers referred to him by community workers have told him about former partners using criminal records against them in court. And he adds that many young black men don't even know they have a legal right to joint custody.
"And especially as black men, if they've had any experience with the justice system, they avoid it at all costs."
For many black leaders, some of the roots of father-absence lie in the trauma that years of slavery inflicted on black families.
"You can't talk about absent fathers without talking about the history of slavery," says Kike Ojo, a senior program analyst with the Ontario Association of Children's Aid Societies. Ojo is responsible for driving an anti-racism and anti-oppression agenda within the child protection system.
"I've heard women talk about dating black men," says Ojo. "‘Oh, don't date that black guy, you know they don't get married' — I've overheard that. Well, that goes back to slavery, and a pattern of detachment for 500 years."
Singh agrees that slavery is part of the key to understanding modern father-absence.
"We have to understand why these things are happening, and that's why I bring up slavery. When we talk about black fathers we assume that black men don't care - not understanding that hundreds of years of slavery have created the disjointed family."
Real change
Many believe a fresh perspective is needed to help reconnect fathers and children in troubled homes.
To this end, photographer Zun Lee has launched his own counter-narrative, through an intimate photo essay called Father Figure: Exploring Alternate Notions of Black Fatherhood.
Photographer Zun Lee's photo essay of black fathers and their children is a tribute to the black men and boys who befriended him years earlier. He says black fatherhood can't be reduced to the stereotype of the disengaged father. (Courtesy Zun Lee)
Lee grew up on a German military base with Korean parents. He was in his 30s when his mother revealed that his biological father was black.
As a child, Lee was often beaten by the man he thought was his father — he was taken to hospital twice with broken bones and black eyes. But Lee also remembers the black soldiers on the base who took the lonely little boy under their wing.
Lee's photo essay of black fathers and their children is a tribute to the black men and boys who befriended him years ago. Even though Lee has never met his biological father, he says black fatherhood can't be reduced to the stereotype of the disengaged father. The black men who stepped up repeatedly proved for Lee that the reality was much more complicated.
"That's why I knew the stereotype was really just a stereotype," says Lee. "Because I had experienced the opposite. Here I was, a child that wasn't even theirs and they took it upon themselves to be there for me in ways my own parents weren't."
Like Lee, Thomas is also revisiting his childhood memories in an effort to understand his own experience of a father who left him when he was six.
Thomas used to think his father had abandoned him. Today, as a dad himself, he wonders whether his father was any different than him, and whether he too could end up turning his back on his role as a father because of the financial, cultural and social odds stacked against many black men.
"The system tries to disenfranchise the father," Thomas says. "We're just a sperm donor. But we have the same emotion as a woman has, we just don't show it."
Thomas still feels that his role as a father is fragile, barely rooted as far as the family court or Ontario's child protection system are concerned. But he's one of a growing number who long to give their children a different experience than what their own fathers offered them.
Mary Wiens' series "Fathering Change: Strengthening the Role of Black Fathers" originally aired on CBC Radio's Metro Morning. Listen to the series:
(Back to top of page)
MIT Under Mounting Pressure To Divest From Fossil Fuels
September 17th, 2015 by Joshua S Hill
Climatologist James Hansen, actor Mark Ruffalo, MIT Professor Noam Chomsky, and Rockefeller Brothers Fund President Stephen Heintz are among the 33 names signed to the open letter, which urges “the world's foremost citadel of science” to divest from fossil fuels.
“We write — as interested scientists, alumni, and citizens — to ask that you cap off MIT's exemplary study into fossil fuel divestment by committing the university to selling its stock in fossil fuel companies as part of a multi-faceted climate action plan,” they write, which itself follows recommendations made by the MIT President's own Climate Change Conversation committee to divest from coal, tar sands, and potentially from climate-denying corporations.
“Divestment is not only financially prudent but also politically effective, scientifically consistent, and morally right,” write the authors of the letter, whose signatories include 350.org founder Bill McKibben, author and climate advisor to the Pope Naomi Klein, science broadcaster David Suzuki, Pulitzer Prize winner and MacArthur ‘Genius' Fellow MIT Professor Junot Díaz, Nobel Laureate and former MIT psychiatrist Eric Chivian, and Zipcar founder and MIT alumna Robin Chase.
The letter, addressed to MIT President Rafael Reif, who is serving as the 17th President of MIT since July 2012, is in no way hesitant to label the issue as “the singular great issue of our time,” and that MIT has “an opportunity … to provide great leadership by divesting the Institute's endowment from fossil fuels as part of a comprehensive climate action plan.”
These 33 signatories are not the only ones calling for MIT to take a stand on climate change by divesting, however. Over 3,000 MIT community members, including students, undergrads, and 43% of the Class of 2017, signed a petition “telling MIT to take the lead against climate change by divesting from the fossil fuel industry.” 83 members of the MIT faculty wrote their own open letter, as did a group of 29 student groups.
And in a striking display, the Cambridge City Council, of Massachusetts, passed resolution R-10 officially “commending MIT's Presidential Advisory Committee on Climate Change on their bold endorsement of divestment.”
WASHINGTON - Lawful permanent residents who file the online Form I-90, Application to Replace Permanent Resident Card, without assistance from an attorney or accredited representative, can now file their form and upload evidence entirely on a mobile device. The redesign of the online Form I-90 also allows lawful permanent residents to navigate the site more easily, making the process of renewing or replacing Green Cards more convenient.
The new mobile-responsive design provides an intuitive method for answering questions, navigating through sections, and uploading evidence on a mobile device. Instructions for filing Form I-90 require providing certain evidence, such as a copy of government-issued identification. For those filing through a mobile device, it may be easier to take a photo of the evidence and upload it directly from their mobile devices. The redesigned online form also provides a more personalized experience, as users are directed to answer only those questions specific to their case.
There are no substantive changes to the policy or content of the form, and the online version has parity with the questions and content on the paper form.
Applicants can access the online Form I-90 through myUSCIS by creating a USCIS online account at https://my.uscis.gov/account/onboarding. There is no cost to set up an account, which offers a variety of features including the ability to track the status of an application and to communicate with USCIS through a secure inbox.
Customers who wish to file Form I-90 with the assistance of an attorney or accredited representative will continue to use the previous version of the online Form I-90.
Additional information about Form I-90, including guidance on the application process, is available at uscis.gov/i-90.
For more information about USCIS and its programs, please visit uscis.gov or follow us on Twitter (@uscis), YouTube (/uscis) and Instagram (@uscis).
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt has paid back $2.5 billion that Qatar deposited with it to help prop up the Egyptian central bank's hard currency reserves, a central bank official said on Friday night, as the Qatari foreign minister arrived in Cairo for Arab League talks.
The payment brings the amount Egypt has returned to Qatar to $6 billion, leaving $500 million outstanding, which the official said would be paid back in the second half of 2015.
Qatar helped support the Egyptian economy in the aftermath of the 2011 uprising that overthrew Hosni Mubarak, but relations have soured since the ouster of President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood last year.
Other Gulf countries have filled the void, with Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait providing $10.6 billion in aid last fiscal year, Egypt's finance minister says.
A government source said earlier this month that Egypt had received another $1 billion grant from Kuwait.
Qatar, a small gas-exporting country which provided billions of dollars in grants, loans, and energy supplies to the Egyptian government under Mursi, asked that the central bank deposits be paid back earlier this month.
Qatari foreign minister Khaled al-Attiya arrived in Cairo on Friday night for a meeting of Arab League foreign ministers.
Qatar has had a fraught relationship with its Gulf neighbours and Egypt, partly because of Doha's alleged support for the Muslim Brotherhood, though relations have begun to thaw recently.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who led Mursi's ouster, has relied on political and economic support from Qatar's rivals in the Gulf, which support his crackdown on the Brotherhood that has seen hundreds killed and thousands jailed.
Egypt has been hit by more than three years of political and economic turmoil following the 2011 uprising.
The government is trying to strike a balance between cutting its deficit while reviving economic growth, which remains too slow to create enough jobs for a youthful population of 86 million.
In an effort to ease the burden on its swelling budget deficit and minimise its need for Gulf aid, Egypt's government has introduced a raft of long-delayed reforms in recent months including subsidy cuts and tax hikes.
Slingbox is coming to Chromecast and it could be the little streamer's first killer app. According to a forum posting by a Slingbox employee, Slingbox is working on supporting Chromecast and the feature will launch “soon” according to the well-placed Dave Zatz. With support for a Slingbox, a Chromecast instantly becomes distinctly more useful. A Slingbox streams a video signal to a mobile device or web browser. Most often this is a feed from a cable box, allowing subscribers to view live or recorded content away from their main TV. It's very useful for traveling or watching TV on an iPad when sitting on the can. But with Chromecast support, suddenly, it becomes a trivial task to sling that content onto another HDTV. Simply plug in the HDMI stick. Presumably the content will be initially loaded on a smartphone app, but the nitty-gritty details have yet to be revealed. At a second house or the in-laws? Plug in your Chromecast and sling the content onto their TV. Have a rarely used TV somewhere in your house? Use a $35 Chromecast and a Slingbox to get live content onto that TV. If Slingbox implements this correctly, it could spell big things for both Slingbox and the Chromecast. The only thing missing would be the Aereo Chromecast app, which is also reportedly in the works.
Spoiler Alert!
Dear Esther res­olute­ly, and I think inten­tion­al­ly, resists any kind of com­plete analy­sis, but over the months since I first played and replayed the game, a kind of shape has been form­ing in my mind, one that grows and builds upon itself each time I go through it. The nar­ra­tive in Dear Esther is famous­ly opaque, but hope­ful­ly this com­men­tary on the dia­logue and events with­in the game will help to flesh out the under­ly­ing themes of the work, if not the spe­cif­ic nar­ra­tive details.
From one of the open­ing letters:
Dear Esther. I some­times feel as if I’ve given birth to this island. Somewhere, between the lon­gi­tude and lat­i­tude a split opened up and it beached remote­ly here. No mat­ter how hard I cor­re­late, it remains a sin­gu­lar­i­ty, an alpha point in my life that refus­es all hypoth­e­sis. I return each time leav­ing fresh mark­ers that I hope, in the full glare of my hope­less­ness, will have blos­somed into fresh insight in the interim.”
The island and the Narrator are close­ly relat­ed. Somehow, he believes that this lone­ly place can offer him solace and mean­ing in the face of the loss of Esther. To under­stand the island, for him, is to under­stand the death of his wife.
The mount is clear­ly the focal point of this land­scape; it almost appears so well placed as to be arti­fi­cial. I find myself eas­i­ly slip­ping into the delu­sion­al state of ascrib­ing pur­pose, delib­er­ate motive to every­thing here. Was this island formed dur­ing the moment of impact; when we were torn loose from our moor­ings and the seat­belts cut motor­way lanes into our chests and shoul­ders, did it first break sur­face then? I am drawn by the aer­i­al and the cliff edge: there is some form of rebirth wait­ing for me there.”
The mount and the bea­con come up again and again. It's par­tic­u­lar­ly rel­e­vant that its posi­tion seems so inten­tion­al to the Narrator, as if it's some­thing he must approach and scale. It rep­re­sents the cul­mi­na­tion of his search. The mean­ing­ful­ness of seem­ing­ly ran­dom events is a theme in Dear Esther, even in the game­play struc­ture itself, which makes ran­dom changes each time that it's played. It's a theme that will reemerge later.
It's also impor­tant to note that while the nar­ra­tor spec­u­lates that per­haps the island was cre­at­ed by the cat­a­stro­phe that killed Esther, he also notes that the aer­i­al is strange­ly per­ma­nent. “I was expect­ing just the aer­i­al and a trans­mit­ter stashed in a weath­er­proof box some­where on the mount. It had an air of uneasy per­ma­nence to it, like all the other build­ings here; ero­sion seems to have evad­ed it com­plete­ly.” The aer­i­al has a kind of eter­nal qual­i­ty about it that hints that what­ev­er it has to do with the narrator's suf­fer­ing, it can­not be his alone.
This theme is rein­forced as the nar­ra­tor begins to draw con­nec­tions between the suf­fer­ing of his own body from the kid­ney stones, the island, and the car crash. All suf­fer­ing, phys­i­cal and psy­cho­log­i­cal, becomes one, becomes the over­whelm­ing ques­tion the nar­ra­tor pursues.
My neck aches from star­ing up at the aer­i­al; it mir­rors the dull throb in my gut where I am sure I have begun to form anoth­er stone. In my dreams, it forms into a per­fect rep­re­sen­ta­tion of Lot’s wife, head over her shoul­der, star­ing along the motor­way at the approach­ing traf­fic, in a vac­u­um of fatal­is­tic calm. Dear Esther. I have found myself to be as fea­ture­less as this ocean, as shal­low and unoc­cu­pied as this bay, a list­less wreck with­out iden­ti­fi­ca­tion. My rocks are these bones and a care­ful fence to keep the precipice at bay. Shot through me caves, my fore­head a mount, this aer­i­al will trans­mit into me so. All over exposed, the ner­vous sys­tem, where Donnelly’s boots and yours and mine still trample.”
The game brings up again and again the theme of ratio­nal deter­min­ism ver­sus tran­scen­dent mean­ing. A bible on the ground next to a sci­ence text book. Chemical and anti-lock brake dia­grams paint­ed on the walls next to scrip­tur­al vers­es. The ratio­nal ele­ments attempt to explain the phys­i­cal caus­es of Esther's death: the brakes giv­ing out on Paul's car as he drove towards them, the alco­hol mol­e­cules that may have impaired Paul's or the Narrator's judg­ment. The scrip­tur­al vers­es, on the other hand, point relent­less­ly for­ward. They are scrawled again and again on the caves and the cliff faces, and mir­ror the events of the car crash closely.
And as he jour­neyed, it came to pass that he drew nigh unto Damascus: and sud­den­ly there shone round about him a light out of heav­en: and he fell upon the earth, and heard a voice say­ing unto him, Saul, Saul, why per­se­cutest thou me? And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou per­se­cutest: but rise, and enter into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do. And the men that jour­neyed with him stood speech­less, hear­ing the voice, but behold­ing no man. And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw noth­ing; and they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus. And he was three days with­out sight, and did nei­ther eat nor drink.”
The answer, the pas­sage claims, does not lie here. They lie ahead, through blind­ness and suf­fer­ing. Damascus is the place where all will be revealed, and Damascus is also the aer­i­al, as is clear from the writ­ing on the cliff. The pas­sage to the cliff, how­ev­er, leads through the caves beneath the island, and par­al­lel the blind­ness of Saint Paul in par­tic­u­lar, and the dark night of the soul in gen­er­al. “To climb the peak, I must first ven­ture even deep­er into veins of the island, where the sig­nals are blocked alto­geth­er. Only then will I under­stand them, when I stand on the sum­mit and they flow into me, uncorrupted.”
This jour­ney through the caves is marked by three falls, a par­al­lel to Christ's three falls on the Via Dolorosa, or Way of Suffering, which leads to Golgotha. Further sym­bol­ism is found at the bot­tom of a pool in the caves, where Roman coins are scat­tered, an allu­sion to the story in which Christ draws a Roman coin from the mouth of a fish to pay the tax, say­ing, “Give to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's,” an appar­ent response to the ten­sion between ratio­nal­i­ty and tran­scen­dence wit­nessed before in the game. The play­er also plunges into and re-emerges from water three times with­in the caves. The sacra­ment of bap­tism, as well as its death/rebirth sym­bol­ism come to mind.
The fall into the caves has grave­ly injured the narrator's leg, break­ing the femur, and the last leg of the jour­ney is make in excru­ci­at­ing pain, up the side of the mount to the aer­i­al. Like Christ's accent to the top of Golgotha, the nar­ra­tor knows that he will die once he reach­es the sum­mit. However, in doing so he in some way real­izes that his suf­fer­ing was not in vain, that it came from a place, not of coin­ci­dence but of over­whelm­ing purpose.
The stones in my stom­ach will weigh me down and ensure my descent is true and straight. I will break through the fog of these god­for­sak­en pills and achieve clar­i­ty. All my func­tions are clogged, all my veins are choked. If my leg doesn’t rot off before I reach the sum­mit, it will be a mir­a­cle. There are twenty-one con­nec­tions in the cir­cuit dia­gram of the anti-lock brakes, there are twenty-one species of gull inhab­it­ing these islands , it is twenty-one miles between the Sandford junc­tion and the turn off for home. All these things can­not, will not, be a coincidence. Blind with panic, deaf with the roar of the caged traf­fic, heart stopped on the road to Damascus, Paul, sat at the road­side hunched up like a gull, like a bloody gull. As use­less and as doomed as a syphilitic car­tog­ra­ph­er, a dying goatherd, an infect­ed leg, a kid­ney stone block­ing the traf­fic bound for Sandford and Exeter. He was not drunk Esther, he was not drunk at all; all his roads and his tun­nels and his paths led inevitably to this moment of impact. This is not a record­ed nat­ur­al con­di­tion: he should not be sat there with his chem­i­cals and his cir­cuit dia­grams, he should not be sat there at all.”
Suffering and pur­pose come togeth­er. Esther's bit­ter, unjus­ti­fied death, the Narrator's own despair and guilt, the pain of his kid­ney stones and shat­tered leg, all par­tic­i­pate in an event far greater than them­selves, which pro­vides for them the pur­pose they so des­per­ate­ly need. Although the nar­ra­tor may not real­ize it, the fact that his jour­ney has ended at Golgotha makes it clear enough to the play­er what this event must some­how be: the suf­fer­ing and death of God. Dear Esther is videogam­ing as pas­sion play.
Salvation is not the pri­ma­ry con­cern of Dear Esther, under­stand­ing is. The narrator's jour­ney, whether ghost­ly, metaphor­ic, or dreamed, is one that is never entire­ly com­plete. Along with the nar­ra­tor, the play­er is invit­ed to return end­less­ly to the island, spi­ral­ing clos­er and clos­er around the cul­mi­na­tion at the aer­i­al, wrestling with its con­tra­dic­tions, given no pat answers. Only the last let­ter offers the play­er some hint of consolation.
Dear Esther. I have burned the cliffs of Damascus, I have drunk deep of it. My heart is my leg and a black line etched on the paper all along this boat with­out a bot­tom. You are all the world like a nest to me, in which eggs unbro­ken form like fos­sils, come togeth­er, shat­ter and send small black flow­ers to the very air. From this infec­tion, hope. From this island, flight. From this grief, love.”
Tourists take photo at Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong in this 2012 file photo. [Photo/IC]
Hong Kong is losing its luster for the increasingly affluent, sophisticated mainland tourists in the coming National Day holiday.
"The passion of mainland travelers (for Hong Kong) has dampened dramatically this year," said Sarah Leung, director of the Hong Kong Tourism Industry Employees General Union.
She said the number of tour groups from the mainland during Golden Week will drop an estimated 10 percent compared with the same period last year.
The situation regarding hotel bookings is grim, with the number of reservations slumping notably, Leung added.
"Hong Kong's retail market and restaurants have taken a hard blow since the start of this year. The revenue throughout the year is projected to fall 20 to 30 percent compared with last year," Leung said. "We predict that the two industries will continue going downhill during the Golden Week due to the reduced number of mainland travelers."
China Youth Travel Service in Beijing confirmed the same trend. The number of planned trips to Hong Kong dropped 15 percent during Golden Week compared with the same period last year. The total number of visits from the mainland to Hong Kong from January to September dropped 17 percent.
For years, Hong Kong was the first choice for outbound Chinese mainland tourists. Now it's losing visitors to competitors such as Macao, South Korea, Japan, Thailand and Europe.
A 2013 report from Boston Consulting Group said Chinese mainland tourists are set to abandon Hong Kong for the wider world within a decade.
"Mainland people, especially luxury-goods consumers, have no intention to travel to Hong Kong. They've switched to European countries," said Leung, who went to Beijing recently to look into the potential tourism market. "It is Hong Kong people's hostility toward mainland tourists that has led mainlanders to lost interest and trust in Hong Kong."
Xu Xiaolei, spokesman of China Youth Travel Service, said Chinese mainland tourists' first choices are becoming more diversified as overseas destinations are improving their service to attract affluent Chinese.
"In the past, many clients would consider the language and culture barriers, distance, expense and convenience of getting a visa when planning their first overseas trip. So Hong Kong jumped out as the perfect choice," Xu said.
by
THE ASS PRESS
POSTED: 04/24/2012 6:00:47 PM PDT
Virginia Beach, VA. — In a shocking move, 82 year old televangelist Pat Robertson announced to his followers that he is in fact gay. “I hesitated coming out for a while. I thought god would strike me down if I did. Then when I finally announced the news, nothing happened. God must still love me. I encourage all of the other confused souls out there to come out with me and be your true selves. God will still love you, I promise.”
52-year-old Paul Horner who is a member of the choir group for Robertson's congregation said, “We always knew he was gay. He would take these long vacations and cruises with his ‘friend' Manual. Also at work instead of the normal ‘casual Friday', he would call it ‘fabulous Friday'. Plus no one can spew that much hate towards gay people without actually being gay themselves.”
Robertson told reporters, “I know I've said a lot of hurtful, mean and evil things to the gay community in the past and for that I'm truly sorry. My hatred of gays was just me being mad at myself.” Robertson continued, “I didn't know if I was actually gay for a long time. I was afraid to be who I really was. Then I started having feelings for the young Brazilian boy that I had been sleeping with and that's when I knew.”
“Growing up I always knew he was gay,” Robertson's youngest daughter Laura Robertson said. “He always had his ‘friend' Glenn over and they were always hanging out in the guest house. They would stay out there for days, we would never see them. My dad would tell me they were just writing new sermons or something, but I knew. We all knew.”
“I always knew he was gay,” Pat Robertson's wife of 48 years Sheila Robertson said. “During sex he would sometimes have me dress up as a construction worker and talk in a deep voice. It was really weird, but hey, the congregation made Pat and I a lot of money. It bought us a lot of nice things, so I just kind of went with it and didn't ask any questions.”
“My wife and I always knew he was gay,” Ben Jenkins who was a neighbor of Pat Robertson for twenty years said. “We would always see young men coming and going from his house at weird hours of the night. Also one time he asked me if I was into men and when I said no he grabbed my hand and tried putting it on his private area. He then pulled down his pants and showed me a tattoo on his left butt cheek with my name right below an image of Jesus. Plus I get a dozen roses from him every Valentine's Day, so yeah.”
During Robertson's coming out sermon this weekend he laid out an action plan of new changes for his congregation:
Gay toy drives
More ‘fabulous' decorations for the church
Food drives for the gay homeless
‘Gay Marriage Wednesday', as Pat calls it. He says he'll be overseeing weddings for gay men and woman in the area free of charge
Instead of the red wine that is typically used at his sermons, Pat says now they'll be using Chardonnay
Changing the word ‘congregation' to ‘congregaytion'
Robertson was asked what he's going to do now after coming out of the closet, “I'm excited about the future,” he said. “First of all I'm shutting down my gay-to-straight conversion summer camps. I'm closing them and re-opening them as places that encourage one's true sexuality. I'm renaming one of my biggest camps from ‘Camp Old Testament' and changing it to ‘Camp Come-Out'.” Robertson finished his sermon by saying, “I can't wait to get with more dudes, Amen.”
Two brothers credit watching a TV series for learning techniques that helped them survive two nights lost in the wilderness of Strathcona Park.
Comox Valley Ground Search and Rescue was paged late Monday afternoon to begin a search for brothers aged 29 and 21 from Victoria who had set out to summit Mt. Albert Edward on last Saturday afternoon but failed to return to their camp site at Circlet Lake by Monday morning.
article continues below
Other hikers in the area who noticed the pair's tent remained abandoned called RCMP and raised the concern.
Rescue crews responded immediately, establishing a search base at Raven Lodge at Mount Washington and requesting helicopter support to insert search teams into high probability areas. Despite heavy cloud cover, the first team was in the air just after 5p.m. heading into Circlet Lake to inspect the campsite and to begin an ascent of Albert Edward.
Fortunately for the lost hikers, the cloud cover forced the helicopter to take an alternate route into the Lake and rescue personnel quickly spotted the pair on a ridge along the Cruishank River canyon.
Rescue members were relieved to find the brothers in good condition despite their ordeal. The pair were tired, hungry, bug bitten and scraped but sang the raises of television's “Survivorman”, Les Stroud, for his survival lessons.
The men had built a shelter and had a fire going that was extinguished by the SAR team and reported to the Coastal Fire Centre for follow-up, stated CVGSAR search manager, Paul Berry.
“These two brothers did everything right after realizing that they were lost in the heavy fog after coming off the mountain. They built shelter, rationed the one small bag of trail mix they had between them, kept warm and signaled searchers with the brightest objext they could find” commented Berry.
“Certainly better planning, knowledge of the terrain, an accurate map, a GPS and a communication device could have aided the pair in reaching aid much sooner. Had the weather not allowed for helicopter travel this would have been a much longer and more extensive search operation”.
The KDE Community has announced the availability of KDE 3.5.10, a maintenance release of KDE, the free desktop for GNU Linux and other Unix flavors.
The KDE desktop is the system of choice for a broad array of Linux users. And although the KDE community released KDE 4.1 at the end of July, KDE e.V., the nonprofit organization that represents the KDE Project, maintains the KDE 3.5 series for its user base of large organizations that do not migrate to the next major release as quickly as others.
The release of KDE 3.5.10 on Aug. 26 follows the release of KDE 3.5.9 in February. KDE 3.5.10 includes improvements in the KDE Kicker, which is the KDE application starter panel, and KPDF, the desktop's PDF viewer. The panel improvements include improved visibility on transparent backgrounds, themed arrow buttons in applets that were missing them, and layout and anti-aliasing fixes in various applets.
KDE e.V. officials said KDE 3.5.10 ships with a basic desktop and 15 other packages, including a PIM (personal information management) package and packages for administration, network, "edutainment," utilities, multimedia, games, art work and Web development. KDE's tools and applications are available in 65 languages.
KDE officials said users should expect to see the KDE 3.5.10 enhancements in the next release of their Linux products, as most of the Linux distributions and Unix operating systems do not immediately incorporate new KDE releases, but will integrate KDE 3.5.10 packages in their next releases.
KDE officials also announced that the FSFE (Free Software Foundation Europe) has welcomed the adoption of the Fiduciary License Agreement by the KDE project. The FLA is a copyright assignment that allows free software projects to assign their copyrights to a single organization or person.
Adriaan de Groot, vice president of KDE e.V., said KDE e.V. has endorsed the use of a particular FLA as the preferred way to assign copyright to the association. "We recognize that assignment is an option that individuals may wish to exercise; it is in no way pushed upon KDE contributors," de Groot said. "There are also other avenues of copyright assignment available besides the FLA, but we believe this is the easiest way to get it done, with little fuss."
Georg Greve, president of Free Software Foundation Europe, said:
" We see the adoption of the FLA by KDE as a positive and important milestone in the maturity of the free software community. The FLA was designed to help projects increase the legal maintainability of their software to ensure long-term protection and reliability. KDE is among the most important Free Software initiatives and it is playing a central role in bringing freedom to the desktop. "
KDE's adoption of the FLA is the result of cooperation between KDE e.V. and FSFE's Freedom Task Force over the last 18 months.
PASADENA, Calif. - NASA's Deep Impact spacecraft has acquired its first images of comet C/2012 S1 (ISON). The images were taken by the spacecraft's Medium-Resolution Imager over a 36-hour period on Jan. 17 and 18, 2013, from a distance of 493 million miles (793 million kilometers). Many scientists anticipate a bright future for comet ISON; the spaceborne conglomeration of dust and ice may put on quite a show as it passes through the inner solar system this fall.
"This is the fourth comet on which we have performed science observations and the farthest point from Earth from which we've tried to transmit data on a comet," said Tim Larson, project manager for the Deep Impact spacecraft at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. "The distance limits our bandwidth, so it's a little like communicating through a modem after being used to DSL. But we're going to coordinate our science collection and playback so we maximize our return on this potentially spectacular comet."
Deep Impact has executed close flybys of two comets - Tempel 1 and Hartley 2 - and its mission scientists, led by University of Maryland Astronomer Michael A'Hearn, have performed scientific observations on two more - comet Garradd and now ISON. The ISON imaging campaign is expected to yield infrared data, and light curves (which are used in defining the comet's rotation rate) in addition to visible-light images. A movie of comet ISON was generated from initial data acquired during this campaign. Preliminary results indicate that although the comet is still in the outer solar system, more than 474 million miles (763 million kilometers) from the sun, it is already active. As of Jan. 18, the tail extending from ISON's nucleus was already more than 40,000 miles (64,400 kilometers) long.
Long-period comets like ISON are thought to arrive from the solar system's Oort cloud, a giant spherical cloud of icy bodies surrounding our solar system so far away its outer edge is about a third of the way to the nearest star (other than our sun). Every once in a while, one of these loose conglomerations of ice, rock, dust and organic compounds is disturbed out of its established orbit in the Oort cloud by a passing star or the combined gravitational effects of the stars in the Milky Way galaxy. With these gravitational nudges, so begins a comet's eons-long, arching plunge toward the inner solar system.
ISON was discovered on Sept. 21, 2012, by two Russian astronomers using the International Scientific Optical Network's 16-inch (40-centimeter) telescope near Kislovodsk. NASA's Near-Earth Object Program Office, based at JPL, has plotted its orbit and determined that the comet is more than likely making it first-ever sweep through the inner solar system. Having not come this way before means the comet's pristine surface has a higher probability of being laden with volatile material just spoiling for some of the sun's energy to heat it up and help it escape. With the exodus of these clean ices could come a boatload of dust, held in check since the beginnings of our solar system. This released gas and dust is what is seen on Earth as comprising a comet's atmosphere (coma) and tail.
ISON will not be a threat to Earth - getting no closer to Earth than about 40 million miles on Dec. 26, 2013. But stargazers will have an opportunity to view the comet's head and tail before and after its closest approach to the sun -- if the comet doesn't fade early or break up before reaching the sun.
Launched in January 2005, NASA's Deep Impact spacecraft traveled about 268 million miles (431 million kilometers) to the vicinity of comet Tempel 1. On July 3, 2005, the spacecraft deployed an impactor that was essentially "run over" by the nucleus of Tempel 1 on July 4. Sixteen days after comet encounter, the Deep Impact team placed the spacecraft on a trajectory to fly past Earth in late December 2007. This extended mission of the Deep Impact spacecraft culminated in the successful flyby of comet Hartley 2 on Nov. 4, 2010. In January of 2012, the spacecraft performed, from a distance, an imaging campaign on comet C/2009 P1 (Garradd).
To date, Deep Impact has traveled about 4.39 billion miles (7.06 billion kilometers) in space.
JPL, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Deep Impact mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. The University of Maryland is the Principal Investigator institution for the mission. Deep Impact is part of the Discovery Program managed at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. The spacecraft was built for NASA by Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp., Boulder, Colo.
For more information about Deep Impact, visit: http://solarsystem.nasa.gov/deepimpact .
News Media Contact
DC Agle 818-393-9011Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.agle@jpl.nasa.govDwayne Brown 202-358-1726NASA Headquarters, WashingtonDwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov2013-047
Reigning Asian champion Govindan Lakshmanan of Services cruised to victory in the men's 5000 metre race on the opening day of the 57th National Open Athletics Championships at the Nehru Stadium in Chennai on Monday, PTI reported.
Lakshmanan, fresh from winning a gold in the 3,000m event at the Asian Indoor Games in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan, clocked a time of 14 minutes, 4.21 seconds to emerge victorious.
Abhishek Pal of Railways came in second, clocking a time of 14 minute 8.38 seconds. Mann Singh of Services took the bronze with a time of 14:08.87.
It was way below Lakshmanan's personal best (of 13:35.69), which he achieved during the Worlds in London.
In the 5000m women's race, L Surya won in a time of 16 minutes, 2.85 seconds to lead a Railways one-two ahead of Chinta Yadav (16:40.45). Saigeeta Naik of All India Police took the third place.
Incidentally, Surya is the daughter of Lakshmanan's long-time coach S Loganathan.
Tejinder comes up top
In the men's shot put, Tejinder Pal Singh of Services pipped former national record holder Om Prakash Singh to the gold by hurling the iron ball to 18.86 metres.
Tejinder sealed the first place with his final throw after trailing Om Prakash for most part of the competition.
Railways' Jasdeep Singh claimed the bronze medal in the event.
Sarita P Singh of Railways won the women's hammer throw with an effort of 60.54m.
Davinder Singh Kang, who reached the final round of men's javelin throw in the World Athletics Championship in London last month, qualified for the final, scheduled to be held on Tuesday.
Results (All finals):
5,000m (men): 1. G Lakshmanan (Services) 14:04.21; 2. Abhishek Pal (Railways) 14:08.38; 3. Mann Singh (Services) 14:08.87.
5,000m (women): 1. L Suriya (Railways) 16:02.85; 2. Chinta Yadav (Railways) 16:40.45; 3. Saigeeta Naik (All-India Police) 16:53.97.
Shot Put (men): 1 Tejinder Pal Toor (Services) 18.86m; 2. Om Prakash Singh (ONGC) 18.80m; 3. Jasdeep Singh (Railways) 18.51m.
Hammer Throw (women): 1. Sarita P Singh (Railways) 60.54m; 2. Gunjan Singh (Railways) 59.10m; 3. Jyoti (Haryana) 57.07m.
BRISBANE Roar have parted ways with assistant coach Rado Vidosic.
As part of the ongoing changes at the Roar, Vidosic was told this morning by the club's interim chief executive David Pourre that his contract would not be renewed.
The decision was made by new Roar coach John Aloisi, who is set to introduce fresh blood into Brisbane's coaching staff ahead of the club's 2015-16 A-League campaign.
A former Roar head coach, Vidosic only returned to Brisbane's coaching staff in January after cutting short his stint as Graham Arnold's assistant at Sydney FC.
Vidosic joins interim coach Frans Thijssen in departing the Roar, with the pair's last game in charge being Brisbane's 3-0 win over Spanish club Villarreal in Wednesday night's LFP World Challenge clash at Suncorp Stadium on Wednesday night.
Originally published as Roar exodus shows no sign of letting up
Dear Friends & Followers,
Six years ago this month, we started this tumblr almost as a joke. None of us ever anticipated that this project would explode in the way that it did, that we would be able to find and nurture a community of like-minded fat people of color both online and offline, or that so many people would be interested in hearing what we had to say about the intersection of fatness and racialization in the way that you all did.
Over the past six years, It Gets Fatter has been able to present workshops, trainings and keynotes to audiences all over North America. We have provided invaluable space to fat people of color in Toronto through the Peer Support Program at the University of Toronto. We have contributed to changing the discourse around fatness and body positivity in meaningful ways.
Over this past half decade +, the landscape of fat activism has also changed considerably. When IGF started, “body positivity” was a fairly unheard of concept outside of tumblr and small groups on other social media. Today, body positivity is promoted by some of the most powerful corporations around the globe, and it is clear that body positivity and fat activism are not the same, nor do they share the same goals.
Starting today, It Gets Fatter will no longer exist, except on this tumblr as an archive and in the hearts and minds of everyone our work has touched. Thank you for supporting this work, and for all the ways you have shown up for us and for each other in challenging fat stigma and body-shaming.
Asam
on behalf of the IGF Collective
You stroll into the marketplace, a basket on your arm, ready to indulge in the day's finest. Your mind roars and your mouth waters, but an odd silence surrounds you. Where you once expected cries of ‘halibut!' and ‘sheep's' cheese!' you now hear… nothing.
The silence intensifies. You want a wheel of the good stuff, but you can't tell where to turn. You know full well you have an eye for fine potatoes, but how can you find the vendor without her characteristic cry?
Silence. It closes in around you.
Silence. Its weight bears down upon you.
S I L E N C E .
Scary, isn't it?
Welcome to Kickstarter Update #42!
Okay, so remember an age ago when we said we couldn't do voiceovers for Divinity: Original Sin 2? Well, we changed our mind! We changed our mind and we aren't sorry! Muahaha!
Well.
Sort of.
About halfway through production, we realized just how big this game was getting. We thought there would be no way, either time or budget-wise, to voice it all. So we started small, hoping to improve the soundscape by voicing some one-liners and voice barks. But it just didn't feel right. We wanted to hear our beloved characters talk. Really talk. So we crunched some numbers, poured some coffee and decided:
Oh heck, why not. Let's fully voice Divinity: Original Sin 2!
Here's Swen hanging out in the sound dungeon for the full scoop.
Listen Up!
With over a thousand NPCs and a million words to deal with a full voiceover for DOS2 was no easy task! It involved 4 studios working non-stop butt we were up for the challenge. (Fun fact: This challenge involved spending a lot of tender evenings getting our repeat-frequency juuust right. Whenever an NPC is spamming one line too often, they were said to be ‘cheese vendoring'.)
Anybody who's played a Divinity game before knows how important Music to us and we are really proud of what Bobby and his team achieved. Our composer Bobby has been hard at work recording an orchestral musical score in Budapest, Hungary and the results are fantastic. He also had the orchestra record one of Kirill's most memorable pieces, the "Power of Innocence".
Thursday of the Living Dead
Next week we will have more information about the Undead, including what they have to do with Swen's sweet shirt! Why the delay?
Well, we we're showing off the undead to the journalists at Gamescom and they now need some time to write about it! As soon as the embargo lifts next week, you'll know all about the playable race you've been dying (heh heh) to hear about! Yes, we know you don't like to wait but it'll be worth it.
That's Not All!
Next week we'll also share information about the Collector's Edition and the hoodies, and we'll host a new devline livestream next Thursday the 31st of August! We can't wait to show you what we've been working on. So stay tuned and be sure to keep an eye on Twitter and Facebook for more goodies in the meantime.
Your Beautiful Face
For those that backed at the Portrait level in our Kickstarter: your faces are in our places! Here's a little sneak peek at the in-game portraits created in your likeness.
And in case you missed it…!
We recently released a spotlight showcasing the magical world of multiplayer. Check it out to find out why two of our developers are no longer on speaking terms and get some inspiration for some of the wholesome/wicked fun you can have with your friends.
The U.S. is headed for a major debt crisis, Marc Faber says.
It won't hit us this year or next year. But within 5-10 years, the United States will be forced to quietly default on its debt, most likely by printing money and destroying the value of the currency.
The main problem comes down to two things: 1) ballooning debts and 2) future interest costs.
As these charts show, in the past decade, the U.S. government's total debt and liabilities have gone through the roof, especially when Fannie, Freddie, Medicare, and Social Security are taken into account. This trend is unsustainable, and it will correct itself only through a rapid acceleration of economic growth and tax revenues, a new-found financial discipline, or a crisis--or a combination of all three.
The second problem is interest costs. Right now, the government's debt and deficits aren't creating an undue burden because the government can borrow so cheaply. Eventually, however, as the country's financial situation gets weaker, interest rates will likely rise, and our interest costs will go through the roof.
According to Faber, our annual interest costs currently amount to 12% of the government's tax revenue. Within five years, Faber estimates, these costs will soar to 35% of tax revenue. This will force the government to cut spending (unlikely) and/or frantically print money.
With the PRISM program, which allows the NSA to directly, warrantlessly spy on virtually all communications on the Internet, and other NSA schemes surveilling literally every phone call made in the United States, America has struck the “right balance” between privacy and government power, according to President Barack Obama, adding that spying on the myriad details of Americans' lives actually protects civil liberties.
Obama insisted it was impossible to have “100 percent security and also have 100 percent privacy,” adding that it was up to the government to make the choice. It seems the answer was to put the sliding scale all the way to the authoritarian side, ushering in a privacy-free era of always-on surveillance.
As the one in charge of the surveillance, Obama is naturally quick comfortable with this situation, and mocked the people who “complain about Big Brother,” a reference to the (somewhat less ambitious) surveillance system in George Orwell's novel 1984.
Obama went on to condemn media outlets for informing the public about the PRISM scheme, insisting it was unacceptable for news sources to reveal his misdeeds “willy-nilly” and that they were aiding terrorists by informing them (along with everyone else) about just how much surveillance is going on.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Days before U.S. President Barack Obama cancelled the Keystone XL pipeline—in spite of the fact that his own State Department told him it would have no material effect on greenhouse gas emissions—project owner TransCanada Corp. asked for a suspension of its permit bid to keep the fight alive for another day. In announcing that this last-ditch request had been denied, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said, apparently with a straight face, “There's reason to believe there may be politics at play here.”
Politics at play? In climate change policy? Really?
The sorry tale of Keystone—a tale of botched diplomacy, environmental misinformation and presidential (that is to say, political) grandstanding—has done great damage to Canada-U.S. relations. In sharp contrast, there's considerably more optimism regarding the upcoming United Nations climate change conference in Paris. Many are declaring it a fresh start for Canada.
“People are extraordinarily happy to see that Canada is seated at the table, and that Canada accepts the scientific evidence that climate change is one of the greatest threats of our time and will be doing our part,” new federal Environment and Climate Change Minister Catherine McKenna said from Paris this week, where she was attending some early ministerial meetings. The mood among environmental groups seems almost giddy.
Amid high hopes and sunny dispositions, however, it's necessary to remind everyone that political calculations remain a crucial component of any climate change discussion. The complicated realities of Canadian federalism will inevitably shape Ottawa's policy on carbon emissions. Like it or not, there will be politics at play.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has not promised to create a comprehensive federal plan to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Instead, he will let the provinces take the lead on this file; Ottawa's contribution will be to set some sort of overarching national target. This seems a sensible approach, since the provinces are unlikely to accept top-down federal intrusion in this sensitive area of shared jurisdiction. Plus, several provinces are already heavily invested in their own programs and will be reluctant to change course. But such a situation leaves Ottawa vulnerable to policies designed primarily with provincial interests in mind.
Quebec, for example, currently operates a cap-and-trade system, in partnership with California, that sets an effective price of $12 per tonne for carbon-emissions credits. While Quebec has declared ambitious targets for reducing greenhouse gases in the future, it has also taken steps to shelter its most important industries from the true cost of carbon trading. Aluminum, cement, mining, pulp and paper and agri-food all receive their emissions credits at no charge, to ensure the system does not “compromise their profitability.”
Taking a different route, B.C. introduced a broad-based carbon tax in 2008, now set at $30 per tonne. This has been called a “textbook” policy by economists who appreciate the fact that all money collected is to be returned to the economy through lower income taxes. Carbon is thus priced, but in a way that avoids punishing consumers. Yet, B.C.'s tax appears just as susceptible to political pressure and manipulation as cap-and-trade. A successful lobbying campaign by farmers resulted in an exemption for the entire agricultural sector. And those tax reductions have recently become narrower and more politicized, with certain favoured industries (such as film production) receiving special dispensation.
So what does this experience say about the prospects for Trudeau's promise of coast-to-coast climate change policy? Even if he's successful in getting all provinces and territories to embrace carbon pricing under some federal banner, those plans will inevitably be crafted to minimize any hardship for the individual provinces themselves. Ontario has already declared it will join Quebec in the carbon-trading business. Presumably, this means another long list of businesses qualifying for free emissions credits. And if Quebec's mining sector gets a free ride, surely Ontario's will want a similar deal. Provinces that decide to mimic B.C.'s carbon tax will have similar options to play favourites.
All this pushes against expectations that a national system ought to produce uniform and reliable results across the country. Trudeau can expect to spend considerable time trying to prevent these various provincial systems from undercutting or competing with one another, to the detriment of his overall objectives. Herding cats comes to mind. It is also possible that diverse provincial policies will exacerbate regional economic differences over time, as businesses seek to locate in provinces with carbon-price regimes favourable to their circumstances. This could have further unintended consequences on federal transfers and equalization.
None of this means Canada won't make progress on climate change, nor that significant reductions in carbon emissions are impossible. But results may vary, and politics, not scientific evidence, will be the overriding concern. Cleaning up the environment should prove to be a messy business indeed.
President Obama has zero fucks to give - trolling the wingnuts at every turn and relishing every moment. Yesterday was a twofer: stomping on Walker, hurting his fee-fees in the process, and then kicking the recent RFRA acts in the gut.
Scott Walker is a joke and this time everyone is noticing. It's been one fuck up after another since he started running for President. He compared union nurses and teachers to ISIS. He stated he's qualified to command the military because he served in the boy scouts.
He told bizarre lies and fetishized Ronald Reagan's bible. He strangely said breaking American unions was the greatest foreign policy act of the past 50 years.
He's flip-flopped on abortion, gay marriage, energy, education, and guns, with his most pitiful wavering being a triple flip flop on immigration (he was for it, before he was against it, before he was for it again).
If this wasn't bad enough he further exposed his poor character when he caved to mild rightwing pressure and fired a spokesperson he had hired after only 24 hours. If he can't stand up to flunky Republicans in Iowa how is he gonna stand up to Al Qaeda?
Things are so pathetic he can't even answer simple questions on evolution or President Obama's religion. The roll out has been such a disaster that after only a couple of weeks he's banned the press from asking him any questions.
Then esterday President Obama was interviewed by NPR on the recent nuclear agreement with Iran. He was asked to respond to Walker's recent ugly pander, saying if elected he would unilaterally cancel the agreement, which would lead to war.
Liberated since the midterm elections, President Obama has been calling out shit when he sees it, so he responded by calling Walker a fool:
I am confident that any President who gets elected will be knowledgeable enough about foreign policy and knowledgeable enough about the traditions and precedents of presidential power that they won't start calling to question the capacity of the executive branch of the United States to enter into agreements with other countries. If that starts being questioned, that's going to be a problem for our friends and that's going to embolden our enemies. And it would be a foolish approach to take, and, you know, perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Poor little Walker - he was left nursing his fee-fees on Twitter:
Bro, are you mad?
Talk about projection. Walker and the repugs have done nothing but work against the President and the country.
Afterwards, the President hosted his annual Easter Prayer Breakfast with various progressive religious leaders. He praised Martin Luther King and Pope Francis for “encouraging us to seek peace, to serve the marginalized and be good stewards of God's creation.”
He then broke from his prepared remarks, and in the smooth way he's known for, he called out the patently fake pious politicians, who use religion distract people from their abominable economic polices and warmongering, for attempting to pervert Christianity from love to hate, especially during week commemorating the meaning of Christ's life.
On Easter, I do reflect on the fact that as a Christian, I am supposed to love. And I have to say that sometimes when I listen to less than loving expressions by Christians, I get concerned.
His remarks were met with strong applause. Of course in wingnut circles, they ran around with their hair on fire, aggrieved at being called unChristian. But no matter, Obama doesn't give a fuck about them. Zero fucks, to be exact.
OBESE NATION: It's time to admit it - Australia is becoming an obese nation. Today we launch a series looking at how this has happened and, more importantly, what we can do to stop the obesity epidemic.
In Australia today, around two-thirds of adults and a quarter of children are overweight or obese. This is a dramatic change from the landscape just 30 years ago when we first collected national data on weight and height.
In 1980, around 60% of Australian adults had a healthy weight; today this has almost halved to around 35%. In 1980, just 10% of adults were obese. In 2012, this figure tips 25%. The infographic below shows just how quickly obesity is increasing in Australia. And why it's not an exaggeration to call it an epidemic.
Click here to open in new window or republish.
The same trend is seen around the world, with around a third of adults and almost one in five children in the United States obese. In some island nations, the prevalence is higher still, with more than half of Samoan and Tongan women classified as obese.
In Australia, we see a higher prevalence of obesity in a number of marginalised populations, such as Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander adults, Australians living outside the major cities, and those living in more socioeconomically deprived areas.
With excess weight and obesity increasing your likelihood of developing many major chronic diseases, disability and early death, governments and communities around the world are working to halt, or at least slow, this trend.
Some encouraging reports have emerged recently from Australia, the United States and several European countries that show rates of obesity are stabilising in children. But the good news is limited to specific age groups and time periods (and the studies are yet to be replicated to confirm the results). Overall, rates of childhood overweight and obesity remain high.
There are two key objectives in dealing with Australia's collective weight gain: we must both prevent the ongoing shift towards a heavier population, and increase the proportion of children and adults at a healthy weight. But before we can even contemplate either, we need to understand the drivers of these trends.
Why do we gain weight?
A person's weight gain is generally caused by an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure. This appears simple, but the factors driving this imbalance at a population level are incredibly complex, making simple solutions elusive.
It's commonly understood that the overweight and obesity we experience today is a normal response to an abnormal environment – often referred to as the obesogenic environment. The premise of this idea is that as humans we're programmed to conserve energy, storing it up for a time when food is scarce. But most of us now live in an environment where food is plentiful.
On top of this, our need to expend energy in daily life has disappeared. Within our lifetimes we've seen the dominant move towards sedentary jobs and leisure-time pursuits, such as watching television, playing computer games and shopping online. We all also recognise the ease and affordability of foods high in energy.
The data supports our anecdotal understanding of these trends. While difficult to measure accurately, a comparison of Australian energy intake from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s shows an increase in daily energy intake of around 13% for children and 3% to 4% for adults. This latter increase, of around 350kJ a day (approximately half a can of soft drink, or a slice of bread), equates to an eventual weight gain of around 3.5kg.
AAP
Similar trends have occurred in the United States, with a 2004 Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report indicating daily energy intake between 1970 and 1990 increased by around 7% in men and 22% in women.
Unfortunately, it's difficult to measure exercise and activity levels over time. A recent report of US workers suggested that while almost half of jobs in the 1960s entailed at least moderate levels of activity, less than 20% do so now.
Trends in overall physical activity levels are more difficult to compare, as different studies generally evaluate different aspects of total physical activity (leisure time, occupational activity, incidental movement, among other measurements). But most Australian and US data suggest recreational activity levels have decreased slightly over past decades.
A recent review by Boyd Swinburn and his colleagues proposes a framework for understanding the combined forces of changes in our energy intake and activity levels. Prior to the 1960s, the dominant change was decreased levels of physical activity, but this had no observable effect on population weight status as food remained a limiting factor. Subsequent to the 1960s, the rapid changes in food availability, composition and marketing drove rapid increases in population weight, now against a backdrop of minimal activity.
The authors also highlight the strong correlation between national economic status and obesity: the move to affordable and accessible high-energy foods requires a certain level of economic wealth and activity. In this sense, the obesity epidemic can be seen as a detrimental outcome of our society's over-consumption.
Flickr/justingaynor
Clearly, our food and activity environments require the dominant focus in our efforts to tackle population weight gain. But there are a number of other contributors to weight gain that are also being evaluated for their potential role in achieving healthy population weight.
At an individual level, we know that the in utero environment influences the future child's weight and chronic disease pathways, with both under- and over-nutrition linked to excess weight gain later in life. We also know that factors such as lack of sleep, low-quality sleep, and use of particular medications, life stages such as pregnancy, and specific genetic variations are also predictive of weight gain. Work to determine the importance of these factors at a population level is ongoing.
There are also newly identified candidates predictive of weight gain, including exposure to environmental toxicants such endocrine disruptors, Bisphenol A (BPA), phthlates and persistent organic pollutants. New studies have also suggested a link between some viral infections, such as human adenovirus, and obesity.
Reversing the trend
Successful population health campaigns to improve the levels of healthy weight, activity and nutrition in our population will need to focus on addressing the overarching drivers of the food and activity environments, while also taking into account these other factors that predict individual variation in weight gain.
The launch last year of the Australian National Preventive Health Agency's Strategic Plan recognises the importance of this approach. It's critical that we continue to work towards implementing a range of interventions appropriate for each stage of prevention and treatment, from childhood to adulthood.
Ben Matthews
Currently, only a third of Australian adults have a healthy weight. If these trends continue, this could decrease to around one quarter over the next decade. There is a real risk that if we are not able to reverse these trends, very soon we will become conditioned to this new demographic, just as smoking was considered “normal” in the 1960s.
To prevent the burden of diabetes, heart disease, arthritis and cancer that will arise from these trends, we need strong and wide-reaching action to drive decreases in energy consumption, particularly within Australia's vulnerable population groups.
This is the first part of our series Obese Nation. To read the other instalments, follow the links below:
Part two: Explainer: overweight, obese, BMI – what does it all mean?
Part three: Explainer: how does excess weight cause disease?
Part four: Recipe for disaster: creating a food supply to suit the appetite
Part five: What's economic growth got to do with expanding waistlines?
Part six: Preventing weight gain: the dilemma of effective regulation
Part seven: Filling the regulatory gap in chronic disease prevention
Part eight: Why a fat tax is not enough to tackle the obesity problem
Part nine: Education, wealth and the place you live can affect your weight
Part ten: Innovative strategies needed to address Indigenous obesity
Part eleven: Two books, one big issue: Why Calories Count and Weighing In
Part twelve: Putting health at the heart of sustainability policy
Part thirteen: Want to stop the obesity epidemic? Let's get moving
Part fourteen: Fat of the land: how urban design can help curb obesity
Part fifteen: Industry-sponsored self-regulation: it's just not cricket
Part sixteen: Regulation and legislation as tools in the battle against obesity
Dear Bungie,
On behalf of the entire team here at ++Good Games, we apologize for the way the Destiny reviews have been handled in by the gaming press this week.
Destiny walked into its own personal firestorm in the wake of the “#Gamergate” controversy which had put the ethics of video game journalism under a magnifying glass. Bungie's title was the first major release since the “games journalism boil” ruptured and it appears in an attempt to secure the mindshare of gamers out there, Destiny was dragged across the coals for no other reason (from our perspective) other than a distraction from the news of what goes on behind the curtain.
For almost a full week, the team (and many of our audience) at ++Good Games has been happily playing the game online and remote playing through their PlayStation Vita. This past weekend, we logged on to many of the news aggregate sites to see what others were saying about the game and were absolutely shell-shocked by what we saw in the scores. Reviews seemed to waiver in the 5 to 7 range and lambasted Destiny's experience for being “hollow” and “derivative”. Not once in the 20 hours of online play this week had I heard someone online talking about these reviews so the vitriol and animosity held within them hit us like a thunderbolt.
Were we missing something? Have these people been playing the same game? Could I be so used to disappointment in games that I'm accepting the mediocre and touting it as exemplary? Well, no, I'm not and neither are the tens of people I've played with online this week that have shared strikes, victory danced or simply resurrected my sorry ass 1000 or more times in any given level. Everyone I've talked to online are having a blast playing Destiny and we don't see that changing anytime soon.
The reason I'm writing this apology letter is that I feel both Bungie and Destiny are getting shafted this week and there's no reason for it. Looking at some of these reviews you'll see that they have nothing but positive things to say about the gameplay but skin their talking points around a ‘flawed exposition'.
“[Destiny] did keep its hooks into me for hours upon hours at a time, so it's certainly doing something right” – The Escapist
“Few games have managed to make the act of pulling up iron sights, tracking an enemy, and landing the fatal headshot so natural or rewarding on a controller. Each weapon type has its own personality and weight that just feels, for lack of a less mystical term, right. It's clear that Bungie's “30 seconds of fun” design philosophy is still alive and well, if by nothing else than the frankly obsessive amount of tuning and polish that appears to have gone into the simple act of firing a bullet.” – EGMNOW
Destiny's basic mechanics and controls — movement, jumping, shooting, and melee combat — are sound. In fact, Destiny might have the most fun melee attack I've played in a shooter in farther-back-than-recent memory. The act of firing and aiming while navigating environments is fine, and it could be the basis for a great shooter. – Polygon
Each review comes off the same with writers, bloggers and opinioneers™* all lauding the gameplay but faulting the overall game experience on story constructs alone. To that point, I will say that I have paid VERY little attention to the story and it's entirely possibly it comes off as extremely amorphic and obtuse, but we could easily say the same of games like WoW, Diablo or Final Fantasy XIV (and several other games we love). For myself, the storyline is a vehicle for getting you into different locations and locales and I've personally loved little gems that make the experience so much more seamless and enjoyable such as being able to upgrade my character as a cutscene plays out over my headphones in the background.
There are some that are opting to look at this game negatively and that is entirely their right. We've had our fare share of this trumpeting during the launch of the XboxOne and PS4 consoles and the recent #GamerGate conspiracies but there are tens of thousands of us that aren't letting these sounding boards define our view of this game. I wanted Bungie to know that there are people out here fully enjoying the experience and screaming, laughing and sharing an experience that will transcend these first reviews.
In closing, we wanted to share a quote from legendary author (and little known game reviewer), Mark Twain, who accurately captures our experience with Destiny.
“It's lovely to live [in the world of Destiny**]. We had the sky up there, all speckled with stars, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss about whether they were made or only just happened.” – Mark Twain
*opinioneers™ is a term used behind the scenes at ++Good Games and refers to those who are so fervently passionate about their opinion on games being the correct one that they'll infiltrate forums, comments and conversations to insert their $.02 (or $.25) into whatever social media coin slot they can find.
Natasha made a very bad mistake on the day of the big chemtrail protest. (After alll, chemtrails do produce memory loss).
Chemtrails are very real and evil. Planes are flying over spraying our air with toxic chemicals that are causing us to be sick, destroy our bodies of water, our food supply and trying to make us too dumb to care.
Sometimes, you have to get the message out there in whatever manner you can. So, watch as Natasha gets a spanking after a chemtrail protest.
Spanking is for entertainment purposes only - however CHEMTRAILS are REAL. Call your elected officials, local government, governor, the White House and demand that chemical spraying in the air be stopped immediately.
For more info, search youtube for the documentary "What in the World are they SPRAYING?"
Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) is a successful sports agent. The biggest clients, the respect, a beautiful fiancée, he has it all. Until one night he questions his purpose. His place in the world, and finally comes to terms with what's wrong with his career and life. Recording all his thoughts in a mission statement Jerry feels he has a new lease on life. Unfortunately his opinions aren't met with enthusiasm from his superiors and after dishonorably being stripped of his high earning clients and elite status within the agency Jerry steps out into the sports business armed with only one volatile client (Cuba Gooding Jr.) and the only person with belief in his abilities (Renée Zellweger) with the impossible task of rebuilding what he once had. Along the way he faces the harsh truths which he'd ignored in the past and a host of hardships that he'd never faced before. Written by Hax_9
The holidays may be driving video game console sales, but apparently so is the military. The Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) has strung together 1,760 PlayStation 3 gaming systems to create what it's calling the fastest interactive computer system in the entire DoD, capable of executing 500 trillion floating point operations per second.
Known as the Condor Cluster, the array also packs 168 GPUs and 84 servers to direct traffic within the system, allowing all that power to work in parallel. At a total cost of about $2 million, the AFRL estimates the cluster costs something like five to 10 percent of equivalent computers built from scratch. It also consumes just 10 percent of the power.
The array employs the older model PS3s (the larger ones) because new models don't allow the installation of Linux, a key component for turning the consoles into pliable computing hubs. The AFRL will use the Condor Cluster for quickly processing high-res satellite imagery, radar enhancement, and even research into artificial intelligence.
Gamasutra
Nickolay Lamm Jefferson Memorial under 25 feet of water
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius just announced, in Paris, a “legally binding agreement” that no-one has agreed the financing for. We can hear a couple thousand lawyers across the globe snicker. But it's all the COP21 ‘oh-so-important' climate conference managed to come up with. No surprises there. They couldn't make the 2ºC former goal stick, so they go for 1.5ºC this time. All on red, double or nothing. Because who really cares among the leadership, just as long as the ‘targets' are far enough away that they can't be held accountable.
I've been writing the following through the past days, and wondering if I should post it, because I know so many readers of the Automatic Earth have so much emotion invested in these things, and they're good and fine emotions. But some things must still be said regardless of consequences. Precisely because of that kind of reaction. No contract is legally binding if there's no agreement on payment. Nobody has a legal claim on your home without it being specified that, if, when and how they're going to pay for it.
I understand some people may get offended by some of the things I have to say about this – though not all for the same reasons either-, but please try and understand that and why the entire CON21 conference has offended me. After watching the horse and pony show just now, I thought I'd let ‘er rip:
I don't know what makes me lose faith in mankind faster, the way we destroy our habitat through wanton random killing of everything alive, plants, animals and people, through pollution and climate change and blood-thirsty sheer stupidity, or if it is the way these things are being ‘protested'.
I'm certainly not a climate denier or anything like that, though I do think there are questions people gloss over very easily. And one of those questions has to be that of priorities. Is there anyone who has thought over whether the COP21 stage in Paris is the right one to target in protest, whatever shape it takes? Is there anyone who doesn't think the ‘leaders' are laughing out loud in -plush, fine wine and gourmet filled- private about the protests?
Protesters and other well-intended folk, from what I can see, are falling into the trap set for them: they are the frame to the picture in a political photo-op. They allow the ‘leaders' to emanate the image that yes, there are protests and disagreements as everyone would expect, but that's just a sign that people's interests are properly presented, so all's well.
COP21 is not a major event, that's only what politicians and media make of it. In reality, it's a mere showcase in which the protesters have been co-opted. They're not in the director's chair, they're not even actors, they're just extras.
I fully agree, and more than fully sympathize, with the notion of saving this planet before it's too late. But I wouldn't want to rely on a bunch of sociopaths to make it happen. There are children drowning every single day in the sea between Turkey and Greece, and the very same world leaders who are gathered in Paris are letting that happen. They have for a long time, without lifting a finger. And they've done worse -if that is possible-.
The only thing standing between the refugees and even greater and more lethal carnage are a wide, even confusingly so, array of volunteers, and the people of the Greek coastguard, who by now must be so traumatized from picking up little wide-eyed lifeless bodies from the water and the beaches, they'll live the rest of their lives through sleepless nightmares.
Neither Obama nor Merkel nor Hollande will have those same nightmares. And let's be honest, will you? You weren't even there. And still, you guys are targeting a conference in Paris on climate change that features the exact same leaders that let babies drown with impunity. Drowned babies, climate change and warfare, these things all come from the same source. And you're appealing to that very same source to stop climate change.
What on earth makes you think the leaders you appeal to would care about the climate when they can't be bothered for a minute with people, and the conditions they live in, if they're lucky enough to live at all? Why are you not instead protesting the preventable drownings of innocent children? Or is it that you think the climate is more important than human life? That perhaps one is a bigger issue than the other?
Moreover, the very same leaders that you for some reason expect to save the planet -which they won't- don't just let babies drown, they also, in the lands the refugees are fleeing, kill children and their parents on a daily basis with bombs and drones. Dozens, hundreds, if not thousands, every single day. That's how much they care for a ‘healthy' planet (how about we discuss what that actually is?).
And in the hallways of the CON21 conference they've been actively discussing plans to do more of the same, more killing, more war. Save the world, bombs away! That's their view of the planet. And they're supposed to save ‘the climate'?
There are a number of reasons why the CON21 conference will not move us one inch towards saving this planet. One of the biggest is outlined in just a few quoted words from a senior member of India's delegation -nothing new, but a useful reminder.
India Opposes Deal To Phase Out Fossil Fuels By 2100
India would reject a deal to combat climate change that includes a pledge for the world to wean itself off fossil fuels this century, a senior official said, underlying the difficulties countries face in agreeing how to slow global warming. India, the world's third largest carbon emitter, is dependent on coal for most of its energy needs, and despite a pledge to expand solar and wind power has said its economy is too small and its people too poor to end use of the fossil fuel anytime soon. “It's problematic for us to make that commitment at this point in time. It's certainly a stumbling block (to a deal),” Ajay Mathur, a senior member of India's negotiating team for Paris, told Reuters in an interview this week. “The entire prosperity of the world has been built on cheap energy. And suddenly we are being forced into higher cost energy. That's grossly unfair,” he said.
This means the ‘poorer' countries, -by no means just India; China has 155 more coal plants in the pipeline despite their pollution levels moving ‘beyond index'-, the poorer counties won't volunteer to lower their emissions unless richer nations lower theirs even a lot more. US per capita emissions are over 10 times higher than India's, those of the EU six times. Ergo: Step 1: lower US emissions by 90%. It also means that richer nations won't do this, because it would kill their economies.
Which, in case you haven't noticed, are already doing very poorly, much worse than the media -let alone politicians- will tell you. In fact, the chances that the richer countries will ‘recover' from the effects of their debt binge are about on par with those of renewable energy sources becoming cheaper than fossil fuels -barring subsidies. If only because producing them depends entirely on those same fossil fuels. All the rest of what you hear is just con.
The people of India obviously know it, and you might as well. It's going to cost many trillions of dollars to replace even a halfway substantial part of our fossil energy use with renewables, and we already don't have that kind of money today. We will have much less tomorrow.
Besides, despite all the talk of Big Oil turning into Big Energy, Shell et al are not energy companies, they're oil -and gas- companies, and they'll defend their (near) monopolies tooth and claw. Especially now that their market caps are sinking like so many stones. They have no money left to invest in anything, let alone an industry that's not theirs. They lost some $250 billion in ‘value' this week alone. They're getting killed.
In the same vein, China can't close more than a token few of its most polluting plants. China's getting killed economically. And for all nations and corporations there's one principle that trumps all: competitive advantage. If going ‘green' means losing that, or even some of it, forget it. We won't volunteer to go green if it makes us less rich.
And who do you think represents big oil -and the bankers that finance them- more than anyone else? Right, your same leaders again, who make you pay for the by now very extensive and expensive security details that keep them from having to face you. Just like they're planning to make you pay dearly for the illusion of a world running on renewables.
Because that's where the profit is: in the illusion.
Whatever makes most money is what will drive people's, corporations', and nations' actions going forward. Saving energy and/or substituting energy sources is not what makes most money, and it will therefore not happen. Not on any meaningful scale, that is.
There will be attempts to force people to pay through the nose to soothe their consciences -which will be very profitable for those on the receiving end-, but people's ability to pay for this is shrinking fast, so that won't go anywhere.
The only thing that could help save this planet is for all westerners to reduce their energy use by 90%+, but, though it is theoretically and technically feasible, it won't happen because the majority of us won't give up even a part of our wealth, and the powers that be in today's economies refuse to see their profits (re: power) and those of their backers go up in -ever hotter- air.
The current economic model depends on our profligate use of energy. A new economic model, then, you say? Good luck with that. The current one has left all political power with those who profit most from it. And besides, that's a whole other problem, and a whole other issue to protest.
If you're serious about wanting to save the planet, and I have no doubt you are, then I think you need to refocus. COP21 is not your thing, it's not your stage. It's your leaders' stage, and your leaders are not your friends. They don't even represent you either. The decisions that you want made will not be made there.
There will be lofty declarations loaded with targets for 2030, 2050 and 2100, and none of it will have any real value. Because none of the ‘leaders' will be around to be held accountable when any of those dates will come to pass.
An imploding global economy may be your best shot at lowering emissions. But then again, it will lead to people burning anything they can get their hands on just to keep warm. Not a pretty prospect either. To be successful, we would need to abandon our current political and economic organizational structures, national governments and ‘up', which select for the sociopaths that gather behind their heavy security details to decide on your future while gloating with glee in their power positions.
Better still, we should make it impossible for any single one of them to ever be elected to any important position ever again. For now, though, our political systems don't select for those who care most for the world, or its children. We select for those who promise us the most wealth. And we're willing to turn a blind eye to very many things to acquire that wealth and hold on to it.
The entire conference is just an exercise in “feel good”, on all sides. Is there anyone out there who really thinks the likes of Bill Gates and Richard Branson will do anything at all to stop this world from burning to the ground? You have any idea what their ecological footprints are?
Sometimes I think it's the very ignorance of the protesting side that dooms this planet. There's a huge profit-seeking sociopathic part of the equation, which has caused the problems in the first place, and there's no serious counterweight in sight.
Having these oversized walking talking ego's sign petitions and declarations they know they will never have to live up to is completely useless. Branson will still fly his planes, Gates will keep running his ultra-cooled server parks, and Obama and Merkel will make sure their economies churn out growth ahead of anything else. Every single country still demands growth. Whatever gains you make in terms of lower emissions will be nullified by that growth.
And in the hallways, ‘smart' entrepreneurs stand ready to pocket a ‘smart' profit from the alleged switch to clean energy. At the cost of you, the taxpayer. And you believe them, because you want to, and because it makes you feel good. And you don't have the knowledge available to dispute their claims (hint: try thermodynamics).
You're seeking the cooperation of people who let babies drown and who incessantly bomb the countries these babies and their families were seeking to escape.
I'm sorry, I know a lot of you have a lot of emotion invested in this, and it's a good emotion, and you're thinking this conference is really important and all, and our ‘last chance' to save the planet. But you've been had, it's as simple as that. And co-opted. And conned.
And it's not the first time, either. All these conferences go the same way. To halt the demise of the planet, you can't rely on the same people who cause it. Never works.
How do computer modelers turn a series of photographs into a 3D sculpture? Photogrammetry is a proven and affordable alternative to laser scanning, and we introduce you to the software and hardware you'll need to get started yourself. It's actually pretty accessible!
Our brains perceive depth by comparing the images that our eyes see. If you alternatively close each of your eyes, you will notice that the object you see will seem to shift left and right. An object that is closer, will seem to shift more than an object that is farther away. That's stereoscopic vision, and the core concept behind creating the illusion of three-dimensional objects and space from two 2D images. Your brain can use this information to subconsciously calculate and tell you how far away an object is supposed to be. In a similar way, photogrammetry is a photography technique using software to map and reconstruct the shape of an object, by comparing two or more photographs. The science of photogrammetry has been around for over 100 years. It was used in World War II by the Allies to construct invasion maps, discover the V2 rocket program, and later by NASA to make topographical maps of the moon for the Apollo missions. This was an expensive, laborious procedure employing a ton of people, and massive specialized cameras and plotting equipment.
Photogrammetry has come a long way since then, and it has even come along way since I first encountered it in my professional life years ago. Now you can create a 3D model from photos with just a smartphone and a few minutes of processing--what used to take a room of specially trained people many weeks to accomplish. Photogrammetry scanning pioneers like Lee Perry-Smith from Infinite Realities, and TEN24 have turned it into an art form.
From these photos, there are a few different technologies for making 3D models that are becoming easier to use, and cheap enough for anyone to do. The most popular include laser scanning with software like David 3D Scanner, using a Microsoft Kinect with software like ReconstructMe, or consumer photogrammetry with software like Autodesk's 123D Catch, or Photoscan.
The very best 3D scanning I've seen has been done with a laser scanner, but photogrammetry is not too far behind. Laser scanning also takes special equipment, whether you have to make it or buy it. Using Microsoft's Kinect for 3D scanning is neat because it gives you real time feedback, so you know when you've missed a spot. It's pretty cheap, and millions of people already own one for their Xbox 360. However, because the camera in the Kinect is relatively low-res, it is not great for fine detail. I'm excited to see what people will be able to do with the Kinect 2 in the Xbox One, once Microsoft releases developer software for it.
Compared to the other 3D mapping techniques, photogrammetry with a still camera and most of the work done in computation is relatively easy. Though not as streamlined as using a closed system like Kinect, photogrammetry gives much higher-fidelity results, and makes use of equipment that is available to virtually everyone. Because it employs just a regular digital camera, the quality of photogrammetry modeling scales well as camera technology gets better. Modern digital camera sensors are extremely advanced, and because there is so much demand, they are also very inexpensive for what they do.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of how photogrammetry works, what consumer software and hardware is available for you to try it yourself, and how to stage a lighting environment to best conduct your photogrammetry work.
Photogrammetry Software
Two of the more popular pieces of photogrammetry software are Autodesk's 123d Catch and Agisoft's Photoscan.
123D Catch by Autodesk is free and relatively easy to use. Your photos are processed on Autodesk's servers so you don't need a powerful computer. By the same token Catch gives you very little in the way of configuration options, and the fine print says that Autodesk actually owns any scans you make with it.
123D catch by Autodesk
Photoscan is fast on lower detail settings, fairly easy to use, and can produce some amazing models. While $179 for the standard version isn't cheap, compared to buying or building a laser scanner, it is very affordable. The quality of its results is also determined by your home computer, specifically memory capacity (since you're processing many high-resolution images). If you want the finest detail you can get, you will need a machine with as much RAM as you can get your hands on. That can get pricey, but if Photoscan runs out of memory while computing, you may be in for very long waits or even crashes. 256GB is not unheard of for use with this program.
Both programs work in a similar way. You have to take a series of photographs of an object from different angles, import them to the software, which then compare features across the photographs to generate a textured 3D model. Yes, it's textured and full color!
PhotoScan by Agisoft
Since the programs have very similar requirements for input, we can actually do an apples-to-apples comparison of the output. This also means we can reprocess our photos as better software comes out, or even use old images that were never meant for photogrammetry. That's where some real creativity can come in, in creating 3D models from aerial photography or even video.
But all this depends on the source footage. If the photos aren't good, then it's going to put a ceiling on the quality of your 3D model, no matter how good the software is. That's why photogrammetry is really about taking good photos--which is going to be different than a "good" photo for normal photography work. If you are familiar with 3D tracking software, like Syntheyes or Mocha Pro, you will have a good idea of what will make for good footage.
I'm going to talk about photography techniques for photogrammetry in the next piece, but the basic tenets are as follows:
Keep It Clear
Peep that pixel! You want to see those small features with as much detail as possible. If that freckle or tiny screw is blurry, find out why, and eliminate everything standing in the way of maximum sharpness. This is where more megapixels actually matters. And of course, shooting in RAW helps.
Give the software only high-confidence information. If you don't need the background, mask it out.
No Information is Better than Bad Information
Give the software only high-confidence information. If you don't need the background, mask it out. If you can't track a subject's hair, cover it up. If one image isn't aligning correctly, get rid of it. You're smarter than the software at filtering this out before it gets to work, and you want to make its job as smooth as possible.
It's All in The Picture
If its not in the picture, then It's not in your mesh. Get underneath your subject to take photos, get above it as well. For heads, take a few extra pictures behind the ear. Make sure you have the coverage you need to get all the details you want, because it's difficult to go back and reshoot in the exact same conditions.
Photogrammetry Hardware
Digital Camera
Of course, you'll need a camera to take your source photos. A smartphone camera will do, but a nice DSLR will give you better results. I have used several DSLRs, Including the Nikon D800. With it's almost unparalleled resolution (36 megapixels), this camera is my favorite for larger and more complicated scenes that contain small details you want to capture. The Canon 5D Mk III is a great alternative with its excellent light sensitivity, allowing you to raise the ISO without introducing a lot of noise to your photos. This lets you keep your shutter speed high, and your aperture small (which is actually useful here).
I have also used a number of other cameras for photogrammetry work. Most modern cameras will work with enough light and a good technique. But the better the camera, the more leeway you'll get with your photos and the higher source quality for your software.
Tripod
A tripod is extremely useful and almost necessary when shooting photos for photogrammetry. The same can be said for your subject--something to stabilize both it and your camera while you take your photos. For a person, that can be a tall stool. for a small object, a lazy susan really helps. Even if you're shooting photogrammetry source photos with a smartphone, a tripod can give you more consistent shots. A tripod with a ball head that lets you rotate your DSLR to its side is very useful for portrait orientation shooting, to full the frame with your subject and capture as much detail as possible.
Lighting
As with "normal photography", lighting is important for a number of reasons. Bright, even lighting will allow you to have a small aperture to reduce the image's depth of field. Think about that for a second. Shallow depth-of-field is actually a bad thing for photogrammetry, because blurred details confuse the software. Our goal is to have high-detail, sharp, and flat imagery. That requires closing up the aperture, which means you need more light. Good lighting will also allow you to lower the ISO which will reduce grain, and it will allow you to have a high shutter speed which reduces motion blur.
The “evenness” of the lighting itself will help in several ways, too. Even lighting will reduce the effect of highlights on shiny objects. It'll be much easier to use the texture map from the scanning program because the shadows will not be “baked in" to the photo. In uneven lighting, areas with shadows will have less detail, and will not resolve as well in processing.
If you don't have access to lights, soft flat light can be achieved easily outdoors on an overcast day. Pose your subject, and if you see almost no shadow under them (in the chin and neck areas), your lighting will be very flat and even. You can even use something white or reflective to get rid of any remaining shadows, like under the chin if you are scanning a head.
Green Screen
Since the software is essentially tracking patterns across multiple images, we do everything we can to help it see those patterns. Sometimes, when the patterns on your object are too complex, or not complex enough, we just need to fudge it a bit.
If you happen to have a green screen or something similar, it can help you make a digital mask to cut out unwanted portions of your image. Light the screen evenly and place it far enough away so that the color of the screen does not bounce onto your subject. Test this by importing a shot of the screen onto your computer and selecting it with the magic wand tool in Photoscan or Photoshop, or a keying tool like Keylight in After Effects.
The same phenomena that helps our green screen work (i.e. being flat and featureless) will be bad for our subject. Subjects like blank white walls, or a one color plate. You can combat this by giving the software something to track. For a big white wall place pea-sized pieces of painters tape or post-it notes on the wall, which will give the software a hint of where the wall is, relative to the subject in each shot. For items like plates you can use a crayon or a grease pen. Put these marks in a place that will be easy to remove, both digitally and in real life.
As much fudging as you can do to help the software track the details of an object, some stuff is just too complicated for the software to make sense of. Unfortunately, people, (a popular scanning subject) have a big wad of this stuff on the tops of their heads--hair is really difficult to scan with photogrammetry. Until cameras have the resolution to resolve each individual hair, this is going to be a problem. Sometimes hair will scan, but usually you get a mess that is not worth fixing. It's usually better to avoid the problem by covering it up. A stocking, bald cap, or a thin beanie will give you the shape of the persons head and scan well.
So that's a brief introduction to the software, hardware, and basic principles of photogrammetry. Despite it looking like a dark art, it's actually really accessible. Next time, I'll dispense some tips for taking photogrammetry photos, and we'll walk through the process of photographing one object and processing it in PhotoScan. Post any questions you have in the comments below!
Bruce Springsteen will make his first appearance on "THE LATE SHOW with Stephen Colbert," Friday, Sept. 23 (11:35 PM-12:37 AM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network. In an extended interview with Colbert, Springsteen will discuss his forthcoming autobiography, Born to Run.
Springsteen began work on his autobiography in 2009, following his performance with the E Street Band at that year's SUPER BOWL halftime show. In the book he describes growing up in New Jersey, his drive to become a musician, the rise of the E Street Band and more. Born to Run, published by Simon & Schuster (a division of CBS Corporation), will be released internationally on Sept. 27. "Chapter and Verse," the companion album to Springsteen's autobiography, will be released Sept. 23 on Columbia Records. The compilation album features 18 tracks, including five that are previously unreleased.
THE LATE SHOW with Stephen Colbert , a production of The Late Show Inc., airs weeknights (11:35 PM-12:37 AM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network. Stephen Colbert , Chris Licht, Tom Purcell and Jon Stewart are the executive producers.
Related Articles View More TV Stories
RBI Governor Urjit Patel sprinted his way to safety from the pursuit of the media contingent at the Vibrant Gujarat summit to dodge.
On the second day of the summit, Patel addressed a session on “Macro and Micro Drivers of Business Potential of IFSCs in India” at the Mahatma Mandir, the summit's venue.
Realising that a large media contingent was waiting for him at the entrance of the first floor seminar hall, Patel sneaked away through the back entrance and began sprinting as he observed media persons running after him.
The RBI governor managed to out-sprint the perplexed media persons who wanted to pose some discomforting questions on the RBI's role in implementing demonetisation.
He descended the staircase two at a time and jumped into his car before the media could reach him.
About Ushahidi
Ushahidi started as an ad-hoc group of Kenyan bloggers hammering out code in a couple of days from various locations, trying to figure out a way to gather more and better information about the 2008 post-election violence in Kenya.
Ushahidi is a non-profit technology company that builds open source platforms to help citizens, journalists, organizations, governments, and others gather, manage, analyze, and visualize crowdsourced data. Our tools have been used by tens of thousands of individuals and organizations fighting for social causes in over 159 countries — whether for monitoring corruption in Zimbabwe, gathering real-time data on local poverty issues, or giving people a voice in the Syrian crisis.
Everyone at Ushahidi comes to work here because we know that every day people around the world use the tools we build to improve the lives of millions. In other words, in the fight for a better world, we aren't 007, we're Q.
Our team tends to think big and rewards creativity and an entrepreneurial attitude. Over the past six years, we have also built the iHub – the tech community hub in Nairobi, the BRCK – a redesign of connectivity for the developing world, and other projects like Savannah Fund, AfriLabs, and Crisis Mappers. Our ethos – we don't just build products, we solve problems.
Why Working At Ushahidi Is Awesome
On Saturday, CNN weekend anchor Don Lemon issued five warmed-over admonishments to the black community in his No Talking Points segment. The "advice" began with, "Pull up your pants!" and ended with, "Stop having out-of-wedlock babies!" On Sunday, after claiming to be baffled by the Twitter backlash, he turned to pundits LZ Granderson and Ana Navarro for on-air backup. At one point, Lemon commiserated with Granderson over how often both are called Uncle Toms, presumably for their "no-nonsense," "clean up your act" stances.
According to TVNewser, CNN bested MSNBC in primetime ratings in quarter two for the first time since 2009. With Soledad O'Brien's departure earlier this year and former weekend anchor TJ Holmes' departure in late 2012, the field is wide open for Lemon to make a name for himself as the seminal anchor of color on CNN (whether CNN's interest in diversity extends beyond having a single black anchor is another question).
Advertisement:
It's interesting, then, that allying himself with Bill O'Reilly is Lemon's big distinguishing act. Those of us who follow the "black coverage" on CNN saw this coming, when Lemon anchored an "N-Word special" for the network, in the wake of the Paula Deen scandal. Even with the ever-candid LeVar Burton on hand to explain the complicated series of actions he does by rote when the police pull his car over, Lemon seemed more focused on shaping the conversation around why we should all stop using the N-Word if we expect Paula Deen not to use it.
This is a point Ana Navarro was sure to reinforce when she appeared on Lemon's "defense panel" yesterday. "It was during the Trayvon Martin trial [sic] that the Paula Deen scandal happened. And let me tell you: there were a lot of people saying saying to themselves, 'Well, gee, how come Paula Deen can't say this word, but how come it's being said just a few days later in the Trayvon Martin trial [sic] by an African American?'"
Lemon lets this stand, as though the term "Trayvon Martin trial" doesn't frame the victim as the accused and as though it's perfectly logical and not at all racist to make an unarmed 17-year-old's death about who "gets to say" the N-word.
It's clear that his priorities around integrity -- both journalistic and personal -- are a bit misplaced. If that seems harsh, consider his quip about "taking back" the term 'Uncle Tom' in this panel he assembled for the sole purpose of defending himself against "race traitor" accusations. "I'm gonna get the Uncle Tom Award," he chuckles.
He needn't work too hard. Packing the most oversimplified, under-investigated, purely anecdotal evidence possible into a six-minute segment about "the black community" has him off to a great start.
The most egregious example of this is the lone mother Lemon references in both of his "Get it together, black folks" segments. Lemon paints her as emasculating and cruel, in describing the way she's scolded her young son for crying before calling him -- and eventually Lemon -- N-words. He claims that, when he intervened, she went to a deli and emerged wielding an umbrella, poised to strike him.
Advertisement:
Not only do none of us have any way of verifying that this happened the way he said it did, but it's the only example he proffers to support his idea that the black family is disintegrating due primarily to unwed motherhood.
It's just as irresponsible an anecdote as his claim that "born out-of-wedlock" means "absent fathers." In fact, there have been numerous studies disprovi ng this popular claim. To be fair, maybe Lemon didn't feel the need to interrogate this fallacy, since it's such an easily regurgitated go-to position. We saw it come up in the last presidential election debates, when Mitt Romney insinuated that single mothers were to blame for gun violence. President Obama often hints at it in his own "be a father to your child" speeches, which tend to assume that unmarried and low-income fathers are entirely uninvolved parents. And just this weekend, conservative columnist George Will pointed to single motherhood as a large part of what he called "Detroit's cultural collapse." Despite being the laziest explanation for the majority of society's ills, single motherhood is not the bogeyman without which we'd all live morally spotless, fiscally responsible, racism-free, crime-reduced lives. And marital status is not an automatic or accurate indicator of father involvement.
Above all, Lemon should be ashamed of himself for inexplicably using the George Zimmerman verdict as a news peg for his conservative on-air rants about black citizens and their self-respect. Two weekends ago, 100 U.S. cities hosted peaceful protests in response to the injustice of a black boy being killed because the assailant deemed him "suspicious" on appearance alone. Right now, Florida youth initiative The Dream Defenders are fighting for a Trayvon Martin Civil Rights Act meant to protect black youth from racial profiling and from being written off by their schools and disciplinary systems under "zero tolerance" policies. And journalists like Jesse Taylor are addressing the wrongness of Lemon's idea that black people's sartorial or behavioral changes will insulate them from racial animus.
We respect ourselves quite well. We fight on behalf of those too weary to keep marching. We call out racism -- including that which is perpetuated by members of our own race -- when we see it. And we love ourselves in ways that have, for several generations, been willfully ignored by mainstream media.
Advertisement:
But you won't win any "awards" for pointing any of that out, will you, Don?
— AN OFFICIAL PATRON-SUPPORTED RELEASE, AUGUST 31st, 2017 —
Photo courtesy of the U.S. Air Force, taken by Staff Sgt. Oscar M. Sanchez-Alvarez/Released. This has been modified from the original. Creative Commons.
this song was written as a two-day songwriting exercise on August 29th and 30th, 2017, using input/inspiration/comments from over 600 patrons (you can read those here). it wound up being a response to the insanity of internet politics melded with the recent total eclipse and the devastation of hurricane harvey….and, y'know…other stuff.
if you love this song, please consider joining my patreon to support me, my team & collaborators make MORE THINGS.
-THE LYRICS-
you worship the sun and you're aching for change
but you keep starving your heart
you used to have sisters
you don't anymore
you worship the sun….
but you keep feeding the dark
and i'm out in the yard
with my son and daughter
and the sky is all black and i think we should start running…..
running from the water
and everybody's yelling
yelling that they're coming
but i don't see a single soul
they're all so busy yelling
not one of them is hearing
the hissing from the bottom of the boat
i got some feelings up my sleeve
i got a compass in my arm
i got a needle in my heart
it's gonna tell us where we are
south by south west
two miles from town
i can't get out
i can't look down
if you can hear
if you're around
i'm over here
i'm over here
i'm watching everyone i love
drowning in the sound
you worship the sun
but the moons in the way
so get your armaments out
she's always looking for trouble
she's gonna get what's been coming to her
she's switching the tide and we can't have that shit around
the television they're blaring out the warning:
that our natural state is drowning
that our natural state is burning
and you're trying to help
and you're clicking for change
and you're calling it out
and you're adding your name
and you're marching for peace
but you're lynching the bitch
that got up in your face
how else they gonna to take you seriously?
south by south west
two miles from town
i can't get out
i can't look down
if you can hear
if you're around
i'm over here
i'm over here
i'm watching
everyone i love
drowning in the sound
and your body is a temple
but the temple is a prison
and the prison's overcrowded
and they know about the flooding
and the body politic is getting sicker by the minute
and the media's not fake
it's just very
inconvenient
do you ever feel that this should be officially the end?
and that you should be the one to do the ending but you can't?
and do you ever feel that everyone is slowly letting go
do you ever feel that…incredibly alone?
and they're saying not to panic
and it's like a broken record
not like anybody know what that is
and they're saying that they'll manage
its the the hottest one on record
and they're saying that it's just the way it is
and now i can taste it coming
i can taste it with my tongue
and my children are so heavy
but i pick them up and run
and i know i'll have to swim soon
when the water gets too high
i'll keep on holding them above me
i'll keep on holding them and crying
south by south west
two miles from town
i can't get out
i can't look down
if you can hear
if you're around
i'm over here
i'm watching
everyone i love
everyone i love
everyone on earth
drowning in the sound.
you worship the sun and you're aching for change
but you keep starving your heart
you used to have sisters
you don't anymore
you worship the sun….
but you keep feeding the dark
-THE CREDITS-
music, lyrics, piano, vocals: amanda palmer
engineer: eli winograd @ lone pine studio in kingston, NY
special thanks to ben folds for texting with me before his show in little rock, arkansas, and making me change one rhythm and cut two useless repetitions before the first chorus
all photos by amanda palmer unless credited otherwise
photo by Hayley Rosenblum
During my childhood, recycling was an informal, ad-hoc process. We used to buy soda in flip-top bottles that went right back into the crate and got taken back to where we bought them. The bottles were refilled often enough that their painted labels started to wear down. Our newspapers (which were, in fact, paper) got put in the garage until the local Boy Scout troop had a paper drive, where the papers went into a dumpster and were carted off for reprocessing.
But two-liter plastic bottles eventually killed the soda supplier, and a crash in paper prices caused the Boy Scouts to move on to other sources of income. Recycling was a fragile thing, easily broken by forces that had nothing to do with its inherent value.
Fast forward many years, and we're recycling on a massive scale, building centers that perform amazing feats, mechanically separating out a huge array of raw materials. And these materials aren't only valuable in their own right; they save the parties involved significant amounts of money by staying out of landfills. Recycling is a big and growing business, and today it's certain to be a permanent fixture on the global landscape.
So how did we get from Boy Scout pickups to multimillion dollar facilities that handle 15,000 tons of materials per month? Like recycling itself, it's a complicated story, one driven by false starts and historic accidents. And that's in part because recycling is hard, a process driven by lots of critical forces that push in opposite directions.
The crisis that wasn't
If recycling seemed to be dying along with the local soda company back in the 1970s, some of the forces that led to its revival were just beginning to germinate. The EPA was formed to enforce the nation's environmental laws, and the organization was empowered in part by the Clean Water Act. Unexpectedly, this set the EPA on a collision course with what's commonly termed municipal solid waste.
Prior to this point, municipal solid waste was generally governed by local or state laws, and it remained a local issue. Many towns maintained their own dumps or helped support small regional ones. The thought that went into siting, building, and maintaining these dumps, as you might imagine, varied considerably. And that's what brought the EPA into the picture.
Despite the term "solid" in the name, municipal solid waste often contains various liquids or decays into them after time in a landfill. Improperly constructed landfills can also allow ground water into the areas where the trash ends up. These two factors allowed the contents of the waste to mix with groundwater at a number of sites—groundwater that could later be used as drinking water or for agricultural purposes. With mixed standards as to what was allowed into the dumps and little control over whether it stayed there, groundwater contamination became a serious issue.
In the late 1970s, this caught the attention of the EPA. The Agency eventually formulated rules that would handle cases of groundwater contamination by landfills, and it ordered landfills around the country to comply with the new regulations. (Those rules have continued to be updated since.) Doing so, naturally, was expensive. Many of the small, local landfills could not be brought up to the new standards, and they'd need to be closed. (For whatever reason, I've found little indication that "big trash" organized to oppose the regulatory effort, unlike other instances of EPA actions.)
This left communities around the country scrambling to find new homes for their trash. Things looked grim—within a decade, over 60 percent of the nation's dumps closed, and the number of landfills was poised to shrink even further as the EPA's rules were enforced.
The barge to nowhere and the false crisis
As the new EPA rules started to kick in during the mid 1980s, a completely random event came along and captured the public's attention in a way that enhanced the sense that there was a looming landfill crisis. The events started out harmlessly enough. Being blessed with extensive waterfront areas, New York City has (and continues to) handle a lot of its trash by loading it onto barges that carry it to its next destination. That was the plan with one of the many barges loaded up in 1987, one with the catchy name Mobro 4000.
Except, because of documentation issues, the first intended destination refused to take the trash. As did the next. The barge continued to head south along the coast, and media attention grew until entire countries started refusing it entry into their territorial waters. It ended up wandering the Caribbean and got as far south as Belize before trundling back to New York.
If people didn't previously think there was a landfill crisis, they had evidence staring them in the face on the nightly news. Something had to be done about our newly homeless trash.
One option was to simply produce less of it. Places that were otherwise devoid of any sense of environmental consciousness suddenly started looking seriously at recycling.
As it turned out, the sense of crisis was completely overblown. While the number of landfills shrank dramatically, the ones that could afford to meet the new EPA regulations could do so because of economies of scale—they were huge. And new ones opened to meet the demand. Prices did go up a bit, and garbage had to be trucked farther for disposal, but the available landfill space didn't plunge nearly as much as the drop in the total number of landfills suggested it would.
However, by the time all of this became clear, it was too late. The idea of recycling some of our trash had taken hold. But the very early attempts had an ugly run-in with a combination of materials-science and business forces.
Overly raw materials
The basic idea behind recycling is to use our trash as raw materials for new products instead of extracting those raw materials from otherwise finite resources. There is, however, a basic difference in quality between recycled and newly purified materials: we've generally spent anywhere from decades to millennia figuring out how to get newly extracted materials reasonably pure, and we know how to work within the limits of the remaining impurities. It's a completely different problem to clean up something that's already been used in order to get it to that same level of purity, and the end result may have a completely different set of impurities. Even if this cleanup can be done, we haven't always figured out how to run the processes at the same level of efficiency of scale as the ones we use on raw materials.
To provide an easy-to-understand example: it's a well-understood challenge to obtain relatively pure copper from various ores with well-defined chemistries. It's another one entirely to recycle the tiny amounts that are used in computer chips, where they're mixed with a huge array of various other elements.
This becomes a problem when it collides with the intended use of recycled products: manufacturing. Manufacturing is generally a very formalized process, as companies maintain standards for purity in the raw materials used, along with a set of suppliers that are known to meet those standards.
When they first entered the market, recycled materials often failed at one or both of these steps. Even if the level of purity was good enough for the final product, the impurities present were relative unknowns—manufacturers would have to test the recycled material to determine whether it was of sufficient quality (doing the testing at their own expense). To then integrate them into their supply chain, they'd identify providers that could guarantee that quality consistently and provide the material in sufficient quantities.
In the early days of recycling, this was essentially impossible. Both the purity and availability of lots of materials fluctuated as communities adopted and dropped different recycling schemes. As a result, many of the first recycled materials went out to a market that simply wasn't interested in them. Recycling became a struggle for greater purity, one that runs into a bunch of conflicting tensions. There's simply no "right" when it comes to recycling, just a series of compromises that attempt to optimize competing interests.
Listing image by John Timmer
It's one thing to send a rover to Mars. It's another to send a biologically fragile human body. We don't know much about how space will affect us–and recent findings involving mice suggest it could change our brains in unexpected ways.
Would the trip to Mars damage astronauts indelibly? And will certain factors predispose some candidates to better survive the journey, and the hazardous high-energy particles including silicon and iron? These are questions that scientists like Amelia Eisch, an Associate Professor at UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, and her team are in the process of answering. At the Society for Neuroscience's annual meeting in Chicago on Wednesday, Eisch presented a poster about her NASA-funded research (subtitle: One Small Step for Mousekind) studying how space radiation affects the brains of mature and adolescent mice.
Advertisement
Why was she so interested in the age of the mice? Well, most previous study about how space radiation used rodents that were young–the equivalent to a teenage human. But, as Eisch explained yesterday, NASA doesn't have any plans to send teens to Mars (god help us), so why are we studying “teenaged” mice? Instead, her lab set up a test with mice the equivalent age of actual NASA astronauts, along with adolescents and control groups. They exposed them to radiation created by NASA's accelerator at Brookhaven National Labs, and tested how well they did on memory and learning tasks before and afterwards.
Their findings, which are now being peer-reviewed for publication, were surprising. While the teenage radiation-exposed mice performed worse than non-exposed mice on an easy and a challenging task, the adult mice actually improved on the challenging task, which required them to distinguish between two different environments, a.k.a. “pattern separation.” The radiation-exposed adult mice were able to discriminate faster than their non-exposed counterparts.
But that's not necessarily a good thing. It means they got better at one specific task that asked them to discriminate between two environments, using the hippocampal region of their brains. There are plenty of studies proving that this radiation has many harmful effects, and there are many reasons that they might have done better at this particular task. As Eisch pointed out over email, the improvement may have come from their brains' new reliance on another system that supports these kinds of tasks. Or perhaps it could be an altered pattern of neurons or mossy cells. As Eisch commented, if these mice are great at discriminating, will they be terrible at making generalizations?
Advertisement
In other words, until they can study these effects more deeply, we just won't know. More than anything, her findings prove that the very ways we study the potential side effects of space travel still need to be closely examined.
NASA might be sending humans to Mars in 2030–but in the meantime, there's some serious science to do.
Image: NASA
Advertisement
MPs sang "O Canada" using the newly changed gender-neutral lyrics after voting to adjust the national anthem, bring it closer to the version used in 1913.
The House voted 225-74 in support of a bill by terminally ill MP Mauril Bélanger that will change the line "in all thy sons command" to "in all of us command." Bélanger was present for the vote, which will send the bill to the Senate for debate and committee study. The Senate may not deal with it until Parliament returns from its summer recess.
Changing those two words has ignited an emotional debate between those who dislike any change to the lyrics of “O Canada” and those who want to see them modernized to implicitly acknowledge women.
Many Conservative MPs oppose the change, in part because they say Canadians haven't been properly consulted. The Liberals have rushed the bill due to Bélanger's illness, holding only one hour of committee study. Bélanger was diagnosed last fall with ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. An ALS diagnosis is usually terminal within two to five years.
Prince William has visited a traditional medicine shop in Vietnam to find out more about the myths surrounding the use of rhino horn.
It comes at the start of a two-day visit raising awareness of the illegal trade in wildlife.
Crowds packed the streets of the old quarter in Hanoi as the Duke of Cambridge met some of the shop owners to find out more about traditional medicine.
He is in the city for the third Illegal Wildlife Trade Conference, highlighting the crisis facing species of elephants and rhinos, as poachers seek to make money from their horns and ivory.
Image: The Duke pf Cambridge at a school in Hanoi during a two-day visit to Vietnam
Vietnam has become known as a hub for trafficking, partly because many Vietnamese still believe rhino horn has important medicinal properties and can cure conditions like cancer.
Gangs inside Vietnam have also been importing elephant ivory from Africa to sell to countries like China.
William also visited a primary school where many of the shop owners' children go.
He joined a class of eight-year-olds reading a storybook called I'm A Little Rhino - part of a nationwide education and awareness-raising scheme to reduce the demand for rhino horn.
Image: William found time to play football with some of the pupils
So far 1.5 million children have been given a copy of the book to take home.
The book's author, Teresa Telecky, said: "We are thrilled that Prince William is helping to bring attention to the plight of rhinos and the dire poaching crisis they face, which is decimating their wild populations in Africa and Asia."
"Driving the crisis is the demand for rhino horn for its use in traditional medicines and health tonics despite the horn having no medicinal value," added Ms Telecky, who is from animal protection agency Humane Society International.
Image: A tour of the old quarter of Hanoi
On Thursday, Prince William will attend the international conference on wildlife trafficking and give an address to delegates at the event in Hanoi.
There is a risk that Canada's new Cyclone helicopter, to be unveiled by the Conservative government Friday, might not have powerful enough engines to do the job, according to Department of National Defence documents obtained by the Citizen.
The problem with the engines is one of a number of risks identified by the DND in May as it prepared for the arrival of the first aircraft.
Defence Minister Jason Kenney and Public Works Minister Diane Finley will be at 12 Wing Shearwater, N.S., on Friday to unveil the helicopter.
Canada has ordered 28 Cyclones from U.S. aerospace giant Sikorsky but the troubled multi-billion-dollar project is years behind schedule.
Friday's event will mark the official arrival of the aircraft for the Royal Canadian Air Force. A number of Cyclones were in Canada for tests but they were still the property of Sikorsky and had not been officially accepted by the government.
But as Canada prepared to take delivery of the helicopter, DND officials in May outlined some of the top risks affecting the project.
“There is a risk that the engines will not deliver the power required to meet all critical performance requirements,” noted the document produced by the Maritime Helicopter Project office.
It pointed out that tests would be conducted to come up with a plan to deal with that issue. The technical risk on the engines was classified as “medium.”
Another risk, rated as “high,” concerned the possibility that RCAF pilots would not begin training on the new helicopters as scheduled in January. The RCAF has increased the number of technicians to be trained on the Cyclones but is still trying to determine how to get enough trained aircrew for the choppers.
The Cyclone is supposed to replace the military's aging Sea King helicopters.
The original contract called for the first Cyclone to be delivered in November 2008, with deliveries of all 28 helicopters completed by early 2011.
The Conservatives have laid blame on the Liberals for the problem-plagued program because Paul Martin's government awarded the contract to Sikorsky in 2004. Liberals have countered that the mismanagement has occurred under the Conservatives.
Government documents obtained by the Ottawa Citizen show that the Conservative government could have hit Sikorsky with up to $89 million in fines earlier on in the program for missing its deadlines, but it decided, at least initially, to waive those penalties.
Instead, the Conservatives renegotiated with Sikorsky and, under a new deal, Canada will pay the company $117 million extra for improvements to be made to the Cyclone, as well as changes to the long-term in-service support and maintenance package for the aircraft. Delivery times were also renegotiated but Sikorsky failed to meet those.
The Conservatives did a whole set of changes to the requirements which then derailed the program
Defence Minister Jason Kenney recently highlighted the Cyclone project as an example of the Conservative government's ability to properly manage a troubled purchase.
But Liberal Party defence critic Joyce Murray said the decision by the Conservatives to reopen the deal is what led to the problems in the first place.
“The Conservatives did a whole set of changes to the requirements which then derailed the program,” she said. “It's another military procurement they bungled.”
Murray said she is concerned the helicopters can't perform to the specifications outlined by the military in the original contract.
The Department of National Defence previously acknowledged that the first Cyclones will need to be upgraded before they reach their full capability.
“The Cyclones we will be receiving are suitable for testing and service, which could include search and rescue, utility transport, and surface surveillance flights,” added DND spokesman Daniel Le Bouthillier in an email sent Thursday to the Citizen.
“In its final configuration the Cyclone helicopters will be at the forefront of modern technology and one of the most capable maritime helicopters in the world.”
Sikorsky is the prime contractor for the maritime helicopter project, while General Dynamics Canada Ltd. of Ottawa and L-3 MAS of Mirabel, Que., are principal sub-contractors.
The UK's Telegraph has a great interview today with a Game of Thrones star we don't hear from as frequently as some of the other cast members- Iwan Rheon, who plays the wicked Ramsay Bolton, formerly known as Snow.
The Welsh actor covers a variety of topics including his casting, the show's hardworking extras, Ramsay's future, acting, and the question of nurture-vs-nature.
Some of the highlights from the interview:
On his casting: “I wasn't allowed to talk to anyone about it from the beginning of filming to the broadcast of the end of season three, I was supposed to say to everyone, ‘oh my character is Boy,' which was really embarrassing.”
On working in the cold of Northern Ireland: “You can see Scotland. The winds coming in November, you're so cold your mouth starts to seize up, you're getting blown around by the wind, it's like, are we actually doing this now? You're mad. But then you look down and the poor extras in little blankets, no protection. They're not looked after properly, it's not really the vibe. It's bloody cold sometimes.”
Nature vs. nurture: “What's weird about Ramsay is there is obviously something wrong with him and there always has been. I don't think you can learn that kind of behaviour. If you are not nurtured correctly it can come out of you but I think he was a little s— anyway. The nature-nurture argument, its obviously a bit of both, but nurture could have helped a lot. But it didn't happen so he's just a complete monster.”
He has an especially disturbing moment to play this year: “Some of the things he does really disturb me. I worry about the preparation, it's not like learning it at home, it's ‘Oh god, this is horrible.' Then gearing myself up to do it, and then when I get on the set to do it, in my trailer, that day, I really don't want to do it. And then you've got to slap yourself and say “come on, it's not real, it's not real, just do it.” I had a real moment like that this year, I had to really pull myself together.”
Is Ramsay's time almost up?: “He's gonna get one hell of a horrendous death. Imminent death. I just hope it's not this year, because I've just bought a flat. I need him to keep doing terrible things until I've paid for it! Next year, fine. I'm really looking forward to it. It's weird, because everyone's anticipating season five, but I feel like that's done, next! I won't be doing that for a while. I don't even know if I'm in it.”
Check out the Telegraph for the full interview for more on Rheon's thoughts on acting, Game of Thrones and his singing and song-writing.
And while there are many contributing factors to climate change, the United Nations' International Civil Aviation Organization acknowledges that planes are particular polluters because their emissions are made at high altitude. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, aviation is responsible for 3.5 percent of climate change — a figure likely to rise to 5 percent by 2050.
The symbolism of the costume is obvious, with the polar bear's Arctic habitat disappearing at a staggering rate as a result of climate change. According to the US National Snow and Ice Data Center, Arctic sea ice cover has declined by 30 percent over the past 30 years as a likely result of human activity.
The thirteen are all members of Plane Stupid, activists who opposes the expansion of the airport — already one of the world's busiest — due to concerns over climate change. After getting onto the runway by cutting through the airport's perimeter fence in the early hours of July 13, the group chained themselves together and sat in a circle around the man who had dressed up as the North Pole's most famous beast.
But this wasn't some sort of zoo escape that went very weirdly wrong — it was a direct action protest last summer that will see 13 people sentenced by a London court on Wednesday. The group has been told to expect jail time, a severity of punishment that has shocked many in the legal profession.
Did you hear about the time 22 flights were cancelled at London's Heathrow Airport because there was a polar bear on the runway? No? Well he was arrested and now faces up to three months in jail.
Read more
Did you hear about the time 22 flights were cancelled at London's Heathrow Airport because there was a polar bear on the runway? No? Well he was arrested and now faces up to three months in jail.
But this wasn't some sort of zoo escape that went very weirdly wrong — it was a direct action protest last summer that will see 13 people sentenced by a London court on Wednesday. The group has been told to expect jail time, a severity of punishment that has shocked many in the legal profession.
The thirteen are all members of Plane Stupid, activists who opposes the expansion of the airport — already one of the world's busiest — due to concerns over climate change. After getting onto the runway by cutting through the airport's perimeter fence in the early hours of July 13, the group chained themselves together and sat in a circle around the man who had dressed up as the North Pole's most famous beast.
Photo via Plane Stupid
The symbolism of the costume is obvious, with the polar bear's Arctic habitat disappearing at a staggering rate as a result of climate change. According to the US National Snow and Ice Data Center, Arctic sea ice cover has declined by 30 percent over the past 30 years as a likely result of human activity.
And while there are many contributing factors to climate change, the United Nations' International Civil Aviation Organization acknowledges that planes are particular polluters because their emissions are made at high altitude. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, aviation is responsible for 3.5 percent of climate change — a figure likely to rise to 5 percent by 2050.
It's in this context that Plane Stupid has mounted its campaigns, staging demonstrations at a number of airports across the UK since forming in 2005, as well as picketing the headquarters of major airlines.
Related: With Protests Banned in Paris, Climate Activists Embrace Other Forms of Expression
While the group remained dormant for a number of years, it reformed last summer after the UK government's Airports Commission recommended that a new runway be built at Heathrow Airport — bolstering an expansion campaign backed by business interests despite business-friendly Prime Minister David Cameron promising in the run-up to the 2010 General Election "no ifs, no buts, there will be no third runway."
After staging their protest at Heathrow — causing five hours of delays in the process — the 13 were arrested and subsequently charged and found guilty of aggravated trespass, following a trial at Willesden Magistrates' Court.
The activists chained themselves to railings on Heathrow's northern runway. Photo via Plane Stupid
At the conclusion of their trial in late January, Judge Deborah Wright said that while she believed the 13 were "principled" and "passionate," she could not "think of a more serious case of aggravated trespass."
They have been told to expect custodial sentences — involving up to three months in prison — meaning it could be the first time in over 20 years that anyone has been imprisoned in the UK for staging an environmental protest.
Their potential imprisonment has been met with dismay by progressive politicians, commentators, and environmentalists, who have come out to support the group.
In an impassioned statement provided to Plane Stupid, the UK shadow chancellor John McDonnell, whose parliamentary constituency Hayes and Harlington includes Heathrow Airport, said the concerns of the group were shared by many of his constituents.
Related: 'We're Going Up Against the State Here': The UK's Victims of Deep Undercover Policing Tell of Their Trauma
McDonnell defended the right to non-violent direct action in the face of a government that appears set to break concrete promises it made to the electorate.
"It's almost inevitable that activists will lose patience with a process that they no longer trust and do what they can to solve the problems themselves," he wrote.
According to Blinne Ní Ghrálaigh, a barrister and criminal law specialist at London's Matrix Chambers, the fact there are activists facing jail who have never previously been convicted of any criminal offense is "extremely surprising."
"The typical sentence for first time offenders convicted of aggravated trespass in these types of cases is a discharge or at worst a fine," she told VICE News.
While some of the activists admit to being scared about going to prison, they insist they have no regrets.
"Yes I'm afraid," said 28-year-old Danni Paffard, who says the significance of aviation lies not only in the level of pollution it is responsible for, but the fact the industry remains so unaccountable for its polluting.
"It's the fastest growing source of emissions and a key issue right now because it isn't covered by any global climate legislation," she told VICE News.
Related: The Battle Between Oxford University Students and the British Empire
For 68-year-old Rob Basto, another of the 13 and holder of a PhD in Astrophysics who only became an activist in recent years, the protest was justified by the pressing threat climate change represents.
When he was 65, he was arrested for the first time in his life for climbing Blackpool Tower as part of a one-man protest. "When I found out we were in imminent danger, it just seemed natural to do something about it," he told VICE News. "Five or ten years ago, you needed to understand the science. Now, all you have to do is watch the news to know how bad things are."
Rob Basto became an activist in his 60s. Photo via Plane Stupid
According to another of the group, Ella Gilbert, who has an MSc in climate change and is working towards a PhD, one of the obstacles faced by Plane Stupid and other activists is the fact that people have become so accustomed to air travel.
"It's a lifestyle choice", she told VICE News. "People feel as though their lifestyle is being scrutinized".
Yet despite the ongoing growth of air travel, flying is an activity dominated by a very small group of people. In the UK, 70 percent of flights are taken by 15 percent of the population, while the Worldwatch Institute says just 5 percent of the world's population has ever flown.
Ella Gilbert, 23, has an advanced degree in climate change and is working towards a PhD. Photo by Al Simmons.
The activists stress they do not want to judge — they just want awareness raised of the damaging impacts of air travel. "Aviation is absolutely critical for the climate debate," said Paffard. "It's a difficult thing to talk about, though, because we all like to fly."
None of the activists were expecting to go to prison, but most of them were prepared for it. Margot Leicester, the mother of Edward Thacker, one of the 13, told VICE News while she was worried, she was extremely proud. She wants the democratic right to protest to be upheld and feels a sense of generational guilt for "causing" climate change while not having to face its worst affects.
As for the UK's Conservative government, the Heathrow 13 say its position is inconsistent — a majority supports the new runway and yet it has stated a commitment to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2050.
But while the Conservatives have postponed major debate on the issue — in an apparent attempt to avoid disunity on a key concern for the capital ahead of the London mayoral election in ten weeks time — the activists remain united in the belief that, come what may, they did the right thing.
"I'm terrified about going to prison, from a personal point of view," said Paffard. "But I totally stand by what I did."
Follow Oscar Rickett on Twitter: @oscarrickettnow
Related: Activists Claim Footage Shows Slaughterhouse Workers 'Tormenting Frightened Animals for Fun'
For most of the courses in the program, a proctor is required to administer course quizzes and exams. The proctor will act as a Georgia Tech official who will monitor you during the allotted exam time. Courses will be predetermined to use no proctor, an online proctor, or a physical proctor. You are not able to choose your own preferred method. Proctor methods are published on the course listings. Please check back often as these pages are updated daily.
No Proctor Required
Your course does not require a proctor to administer quizzes and exams.
Online Proctor Required
If your course requires an online proctor, you must utilize Proctortrack, Georgia Tech's third-party proctoring service, for quizzes and exams. This process allows you to complete the online exam using a webcam while the online proctoring service monitors your computer. Most fees for the online proctoring services will be paid for by Georgia Tech. You are responsible for making sure that you meet Proctortrack's technical requirements before you take an online proctored exam.
Physical Proctor Required
If your course is not using an online proctoring service, you must nominate a proctor (preferably three people) who will administer your quizzes and exams. Proctor nominations must take place by the end of the first week of class and any associated fees are your responsibility.
The Football Association will not take action against the Swansea City defender Ashley Williams for kicking a ball at the head of Manchester United's Robin van Persie.
United's manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, called on the FA to ban Williams for a long time, claiming Van Persie "could have been killed" by the incident.
But the governing body will not instigate disciplinary procedures against the Wales international, who denied malicious intent. Van Persie was struck on the back of the head from close range while lying on the ground after being fouled but was able to continue without treatment. Williams was booked at the time by the referee, Michael Oliver.
Ferguson said after the 1-1 draw at Swansea: "In the Van Persie situation you can clearly see that he could have been killed. The FA has got to look into it regardless that he has been given a yellow card. He should be banned for a long time because that was the most dangerous thing I've seen on a football field for many years."
Meanwhile Ferguson looks set to escape punishment for comments he made about Oliver. Ferguson was angry that the referee allowed Swansea's equaliser to stand after Chico Flores fouled Van Persie during the buildup and described Oliver's performance as "shocking".
On Monday Premier League managers have come out in support of Williams. Wigan Athletic's manager, Roberto Martínez, who worked with him when in charge of Swansea, said the defender was "not a nasty footballer".
"You see the incident and it is a very, very dangerous situation," Martínez said. "If you see one of your players with a bang on the back of the head it is really dangerous and it can have bad consequences. You can understand that.
"I signed Ashley Williams for Swansea and I know his character inside out. I can guarantee you without even looking at the incident that he is not a nasty footballer.
"He is a winner and fully committed, a leader and a captain, and I don't for one second doubt that he did not do that on purpose.
"It is an action of the game. He can show frustration – it is an emotional game and it is very unfortunate that it hits Van Persie in a part of the body where he could have been hurt heavily, and you don't want to see that.
"But from my point of view, I know Ashley Williams really well – when you sign a player you find out about a player and I can guarantee you he is not the type of footballer who would do that on purpose."
Liverpool's manager, Brendan Rodgers, who worked with Williams at the Liberty Stadium until leaving in the summer, likewise felt the issue had been blown out of proportion.
"I think more has been made of it than what it actually was," Rodgers said. "When you slow it down and look at it 20 times it does not look good for Ashley.
"But I know the player well and it is just that split-second when you can see he is trying to clear the ball and unfortunately hits Van Persie right on the back of his head. Of course, it looks dangerous but knowing Ashley he won't have meant it."
The Queens Park Rangers manager, Harry Redknapp, also defended Williams, dismissing Ferguson's claim that Van Persie is lucky to be alive. "I don't see how he was going to be killed," Redknapp said. "He kicked the ball at him. I have seen worse things on a football pitch."
Alan Pardew also felt that Ferguson had overreacted but believes the Scot may have cooled down with the benefit of hindsight. "He genuinely felt that, I should think, at the time," the Newcastle United manager said. "If one of your players gets hurt or you think he was in danger, you are going to protect him.
"I think the one with Van Persie was perhaps not as bad as Alex at first imagined. Sometimes from the sideline, it looks a lot worse at the time."
Shigeru Miyamoto and Nintendo's famed design team is well-known for taking inspiration from a wide variety of sources — the idea for the ghost-like enemy known as Boo came from the wife of co-designer Takashi Tezuka, Miyamoto said years ago. That remains the case for Super Mario Run, Nintendo's first proper video game on mobile devices.
Mario games are very popular with the speedrunning community, where people compete to race through games as fast as they can. In an interview with BuzzFeed News, Miyamoto said Nintendo noticed that these “super players” always had to keep moving; the skill in speedruns comes primarily from jumping at the right times. Thus was born the idea of Mario in an endless runner — in Super Mario Run, the only interaction with the game is tapping on your smartphone or tablet's screen to make Mario jump.
We've collected a few more interesting tidbits about Super Mario Run from a bunch of recently published interviews with Miyamoto and Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime. You can read up on the game before it launches Dec. 13 on iOS, with an Android version set to arrive sometime in 2017.
The device is held vertically on purpose
All of the Super Mario platform games have been side-scrolling affairs, so it may seem odd that Super Mario Run is played with an iPhone or iPad held in portrait mode. But in an interview with The Verge, Miyamoto explained that the orientation “gave us a lot of new ideas for how to stretch the game vertically,” and that it allowed for one-handed play.
Some Super Mario Run involves climbing a tower, for instance, not just a beanstalk that grows out of a green pipe. Miyamoto also noted that a vertical orientation made more sense for a mobile game, because those experiences are best played without extra inputs beyond the device itself.
“If you're playing horizontally one of the challenges is that people have a tendency to want to play it with a traditional controller,” he told the Financial Post.
Nintendo has high standards for hardware
A major part of the reason that Nintendo waited this long to develop mobile games is that the company had to figure out where the platform fit into its overall business strategy.
“We've said for years that we could make this type of content, but for us it really was thinking about how it fits in the broader ecosystem of driving our [intellectual property],” said Fils-Aime in an interview with TechCrunch.
The business side certainly wasn't the only consideration, though. Nintendo games have always been developed to run only on consoles and handhelds manufactured by Nintendo, allowing for the same kind of marriage between software and hardware that Apple proudly promotes. According to Miyamoto, mobile devices didn't meet Nintendo's exacting standards for hardware — until now.
“The hardware has to provide a stable experience and until recently we felt that we couldn't get that,” Miyamoto told Pocket-Lint. “But the response that these systems can provide is good enough now.”
That may be why Nintendo is focusing on iOS before Android. Apple updates its iPhones and iPads annually, and maintains multiple concurrent versions of the hardware, like the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. But the Apple hardware ecosystem is still a far cry from the wide world of Android, where it's harder for developers like Nintendo to guarantee compatibility because of all the various devices running Google's operating system.
Super Mario Run includes unlockable characters
Mario's not the only one running and jumping through the mobile game. As seen in Super Mario Run's latest trailer, Toad, Yoshi and Luigi are all playable. They'll have to be unlocked first, however, which requires completing certain, secret conditions.
Although Super Mario Run's gameplay is so simple — it's an endless runner where players just tap along to dodge enemies and collect coins — there will still be some differences between each character and how they traverse the Mushroom Kingdom.
“It's less on having those characters to achieve or accomplish specific tasks, and more of giving players a tool to unlock more of their gameplay creativity,” Miyamoto told Time. “Even if you're trying to collect the same group of colored coins, doing so with a different character will require you to do it in a different way.”
Super Mario Run drew inspiration from ... Neko Atsume?
On the surface, it's hard to see anything but Mario's DNA in Nintendo's next big mobile game. Miyamoto always pulls from the most unexpected places when designing his games, however, and he told Time about a certain beloved mobile game that left a big impression on him while working on Super Mario Run.
“There is actually a game in Japan that I've been playing on a smartphone with my wife, it's called Neko Atsume,” he said. “It's sort of a cat-collecting game. From that, I really got the sense of having this thing on your phone that you interact with on a regular basis, and then you grow and build it up from there, is a very compelling feature.”
That comes through in the Kingdom Builder feature, in which players can customize their own Mushroom Kingdom. They'll use the coins collected in the main mode to buy new buildings and other decorations, much like how sardines are used in the adorable Neko Atsume.
There's one big difference between the two games, however. Neko Atsume, although it has microtransactions, can be played without ever spending a dime. Super Mario Run will cost $9.99 beyond some trial areas.
Nintendo's not interested in porting classic games to smartphones
Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime was also on hand for part of Miyamoto's press junket, where he talked about Nintendo's next steps into the mobile market.
Your biggest Super Mario Run questions, answered Super Mario Run is here, and it's going to take over the world for a little while. In this guide, we'll teach you all about Nintendo's biggest foray into mobile gaming.
When former Nintendo president Satoru Iwata revealed the company's plans to tackle mobile devices in March 2015, many hoped that this would mean familiar games optimized for the smaller screen. Fils-Aime insisted that likely won't be the case, at least for the immediate future.
“Candidly, no, without a fair amount of modification,” he told CNET, when asked whether we'd see iconic NES games on smartphones. “And this hearkens back to the questions that we received maybe five years ago saying, ‘Nintendo, when are you going to get into mobile?' And at the time, it was positioned as, just take all your legacy content and just put it on mobile.
“The fact of the matter is, to make a great mobile game, you can't do that. You need to think about the input device. You need to think about, how is this going to be sticky?”
Instead, Nintendo will prioritize using familiar franchises in new, mobile-exclusive games. That means Super Mario Run may make the jump to the Nintendo Switch, and Super Mario Bros. is likely staying put on home consoles and the rare NES Classic Edition.
Have your dating experiences convinced you that super hot guys are selfish jerks? According to a new study, you're not wrong.
Researchers at London's Brunel University scanned the bodies of 63 male and 62 female participants to measure various predictors for attractiveness, including hip-to-waist ratio for women and waist-to-chest ratio for men. They also surveyed participants and measured their responses to questions regarding wealth and (social and political) egalitarianism.
Their findings show what your personal “research” may have indicated for some time: Attractive men are more inclined towards selfishness and inequality. (The study did not show the same to be true of attractive women.) There is an ancestral explanation for this phenomenon: According to the study, “In human ancestral environments, physically attractive and/or formidable individuals would have had an enhanced ability to benefit and/or harm others, and thus would have had increased bargaining power in social interactions.”
But why are modern-day hunks more likely to be egocentric and elitist?
Unfortunately, more research will be needed to answer that question, but the study's lead psychologist, Dr. Michael Price, told the Daily Beast, “People who are more attractive have to do less … to make themselves valuable to other people [because] they're already highly valued by virtue of their high attractiveness.”
Let this be a lesson to you next time you're on Tinder: When the guy with the perfect teeth and chiseled cheekbones shows up, consider swiping left.
