Pilliga Scrub
1978
Visit any Australian trucker's forum and search for “Pilliga”, or “Piliga”. You'll soon be rewarded with stories of “min-min” lights (an old aboriginal legend), vicious unseen creatures, ruined vehicles and sightings of the Pilliga Princess.
A common sight reported by truck drivers is that of small lights travelling at high speed through the trees, keeping pace with the trucks. Sometimes at ground level, others rising high above the trees. Others talk of localised wind storms, like mini hurricanes that shake and rock trucks and other vehicles, while coloured lights dance and sparkle in the air.
Image of a ruined vehicle in the Pilliga. Note the signage on the
door: Coonabarabran Contracting. Image ©local-legends.net
One story I heard many years ago was that of a truck driver who stopped for a couple of hours sleep on the roadside, right in the middle of the Pilliga. During the night, he was woken by a terrific banging and screeching of twisted metal. His truck was rocking violently and terrified, he cowered in the cabin without a wink of sleep until dawn. When he finally emerged in daylight, he was struck with the sight of the trailer tarpaulin shredded and strewn for a hundred metres up the road. The metal ribs of the trailer cage were twisted and bent beyond repair.
From hankstruckpictures.com (trucker's forum)
“On a 120 km stretch of the Newell Hwy between Coonabarabran and Narrabri is the Pilliga State Forest… It's a beautiful drive during the day but at night, some of the toughest men fear to travel along this stretch of highway unless they know they wouldn't have to stop, even down to hearing about drivers blowing out a tyre and driving it flat until they reach the other side.”
On a late night-early morning Australian radio programme called ‘Overnights‘ (2am – 6am), they held a few special nights dedicated to stories from the Pilliga region. Listeners could call the station and tell their Pilliga stories on the air. On that night, the radio station had two of their people in the Pilliga Scrub reporting live by satellite phone. At one point, the connection dropped and the signal wasn't restored for some time. When it finally returned, the reporters were OK and the cut signal was unexplained.
During the programme, one caller who identified himself as “Bongo” told a harrowing story of the night he endured in the Pilliga way back in 1978. The ordeal he endured that night affected him in such a terrible way that, to this day, he remains in psychiatric care.The recording of Bongo's call is freely available from the radio station's website, so I've put it on the Flash timeline with a play button. You absolutely must NOT listen to this unless it's late and night and you have turned off your lights. Good luck!
NOTE: If you don't see the ‘PLAY' button here, you will need to allow Flash on your browser to hear the call. Simply click the padlock at the top of this page in the address bar and allow Flash. Then refresh the page and press play.
Instead of your typical molten lava, it at one time spewed ice and other awesome things into the atmosphere.
Scientists, who say they were shocked at the images, believe they have discovered the first evidence of an ice volcano on the surface of Saturn's moon, Titan. Not only has it led to further speculation of life on the distant moon, but the cryovolcano is considered to be the largest in a string of several volcanoes that may have once spewed ice and hydrocarbons into the atmosphere.
(More on TIME.com: The Labor of Space Exploration)
Just below the surface of Titan is an icy layer, so if any sort of internal heat begins erupting through the planet's crust, it forces slushy liquid and gas to the surface, which is similar to what scientists have discovered on other icy moons. And on the question of whether life exists elsewhere, cryovolcanoes could bring any subsurface life forms to the top, where they could more easily be detected.
To see the cobbled together images of the ice volcano from NASA's Cassini spacecraft, go here.
Hardening the RPKI Against Faulty or Misbehaving Authorities
BUSEC: Boston University Security Group
Abstract: The RPKI is a new security infrastructure that relies on trusted authorities to prevent some of the most devastating attacks on interdomain routing. The threat model for the RPKI supposes that authorities are trusted and routing is under attack. This project considers the risks that arise when this threat model is flipped: when RPKI authorities are faulty, misconfigured, compromised, or compelled (e.g. by governments) to misbehave. We show how design decisions that elegantly address the vulnerabilities in the original threat model have unexpected side effects in this flipped threat model. We also propose new mechanisms to improve the transparency and robustness of the RPKI.
Our work (at HotNets'13) was awarded a 2014 IETF/IRTF Applied Networking Research Prize.
Papers:
Selected Presentations:
Sharon Goldberg. On the Risk of Misbehaving RPKI Authorities
IEFT'91, Applied Networking Research Prize Presentation. Honolulu, HI. November 10, 2014. slides
Sharon Goldberg. IEFT'91, Applied Networking Research Prize Presentation. Honolulu, HI. November 10, 2014. slides Sharon Goldberg. Proposal for signaling consent from whacked RPKI objects
IEFT'91, SIDR Working Group Meeting. Honolulu, HI. November 10, 2014. slides
IEFT'91, SIDR Working Group Meeting. Honolulu, HI. November 10, 2014. slides Ethan Heilman. From the Consent of the Routed: Improving the Transparency of the RPKI
SIGCOMM'14. Chicago, IL. August 2014. slides
SIGCOMM'14. Chicago, IL. August 2014. slides Sharon Goldberg. The Transition to BGP Security: Is the Juice Worth the Squeeze?
Related talk at Israel I-CORE Day. April 2014. YouTube video (31 mins)
Related talk at Stanford Net Seminar. November 2013. YouTube video (59 mins)
Related talk at Israel I-CORE Day. April 2014. YouTube video (31 mins) Related talk at Stanford Net Seminar. November 2013. YouTube video (59 mins) Danny Cooper. Impacting IP Prefix Reachability via RPKI Manipulations
Lightening Talk at Boston Freedom in Online Communications Day (BFOC'13). March 2013. slides
Code:
BUSEC RPKI Routing Downgrades Detector.
Ethan Heilman, Danny Cooper, Leonid Reyzin and Sharon Goldberg.
See Section 4 of our SIGCOMM'14 paper github link
Team:
Next week thousands of people who make beer, distribute beer, sell beer, make brewhouses, grow hops, grow barley, culture yeast and write about beer will be in my hometown, Portland, Oregon, for the Craft Brewers Conference. Welcome! As honored guests in our fair city, I hope you have a wonderful time and manage to find a good pint of beer or two. (Or 47.)
Portland is simultaneously one of the most famous beer cities in the world and also one of the most hidden. Oregon has three nationally distributed beer brands (Rogue, Full Sail, Widmer Brothers), but only one from the Rose City (Widmer). We have something on the order of 60 breweries (though what constitutes a “brewery” is a question for philosophers, not bloggers), and yet most people have heard of maybe 10. What follows is a thousand-word primer on Stumptown. If you spend a few minutes with it, you'll learn all you need to understand our beery ways.
1. Portland has been a beer town since 1852.
If you look at the enclaves where new breweries started sprouting back in the ‘70s and ‘80s, you'll notice a strong correlation with those places that had pre-existing local breweries. So it was here. The city of Portland was just a wide spot in the Willamette River in 1843 when two pioneers filed a land claim on what was then a trapper's rest stop. Just nine years later, Henry Saxer opened the first brewery in the tiny settlement, and there has been a brewery in downtown Portland ever since.
For most of that time, it was the giant Weinhard (later Blitz-Weinhard) brewery, an orange-brick building on West Burnside Street that still stands—even though the brewery closed in 1999. Oregonians had always had the notion that beer was something that came from home, and for over 14 decades, the scent of downtown Portland was boiling wort. Oregonians, who love to fuse their identities with local fixtures, had always thought of their beer as the best. When the first “microbrewers” started humping kegs of beer to local pubs in the early ‘80s, they could at least point to Henry's as an example of what they were trying to do (sort of). It's one of the central reason Oregon took to beer so fast.
2. Portland's a draft beer town.
Chuck Coury opened the city's first new brewery in 1980 and tried to sell his bottles of Cartwright beer to Portlanders. Subsequent brewers didn't repeat the mistake—they sold draft beer instead. McMenamins, BridgePort and Portland Brewing, the next wave, all started with brewpubs. (The Widmer Brothers, the fourth member of that club, didn't have a pub, but wouldn't bottle its beer until 1996.) When you visit Portland in 2015, you find it much the same. The vast majority of breweries—about 85 percent by my reckoning—principally sell draft beer. There's a reason, too: In one of the more astonishing facts, 53 percent of the draft beer sold in Portland is brewed in Oregon.
3. Many of Oregon's most-celebrated breweries are located outside Portland.
Portland is the economic, cultural and population hub of Oregon. If you want to visit many of the state's best breweries, though, you have to leave the city. In any roundup of the state's best breweries, you'd have to include Fort George, Pelican, Double Mountain, pFriem, Solera, Logsdon, Boneyard, Crux, the Ale Apothecary, Barley Brown's, Agrarian, Falling Sky, Flat Tail, Block 15, Oakshire, Heater Allen or Caldera. And that is without mentioning the non-Portland giants (Deschutes, Full Sail, Ninkasi, Rogue) nor the impressive newcomers like Arch Rock, Buoy and Worthy. Portland does have a group of very special breweries, but they constitute just half or less of the state's best. (Stay tuned for some recommendations later this week.)
4. Portland is an IPA town.
OK, you probably knew this. The Oregon Brewers Guild rattles off the stats: Portland was the No. 2 market for IPAs in the United States and also had the second-largest number of IPA brands on the market—though if you include sub-styles (black, white, lagered, imperial, etc.), we sneak to the front of the line. That said …
5. A lot of breweries don't specialize in IPAs.
A couple of months back, I gave the English beer writer Mark Dredge a tour of Portland breweries. As I started thinking about which ones he should see, it occurred to me that there aren't a ton of IPA houses in the city. We've got a gluten-free brewery (groundbreaker), farmhouse breweries (the Commons, Upright), German-inflected breweries (Pints, Occidental), a sour brewery (Cascade), experimental breweries (Breakside, Burnside, Buckman Botanical, Gigantic) and polymathic breweries (Deschutes, Widmer Brothers). But pure hops-first breweries? Not so many. In fact, when you think of the state's most prominent hop houses, they're all outside Portland: Boneyard, Barley Brown's, Double Mountain, Ninkasi and Fort George. A lot of the IPAs Portlanders drink were brewed outside the city.
(For the hopheads among you, visit Ecliptic Brewing when you're in town. It's the new brewery by legendary brewer John Harris, and he's all about the lupulin.)
6. You're unfamiliar with Oregon beer because we drink it all.
If you've read this far, you've encountered the names of a lot of breweries that probably aren't familiar to you. Oregon has over 200 breweries, and the vast majority of them don't sell beer outside the state. There's no reason to: Even though it's a sparsely populated state, Oregonians drink a ton of local beer. There are some well-known stats documenting this, but let me illustrate it with an example from the eastern part of the state.
It's a vast tract of high desert where cows outnumber humans and where you would expect to find 1) no breweries, and 2) no good beer. Instead, that's where you find Barley Brown's, easily one of the most decorated breweries in the U.S. Last summer, I was speaking with owner Tyler Brown and he mentioned some amazing facts. Barley Brown's has 55 percent of all draft sales in its hometown of Baker City, a place you still expect to hear the jingle of spurs when you walk around. It also commands a 27 percent share of the draft sales in Wallowa, Union and Baker counties. Most of these sales are of Pallet Jack IPA, an aggressive, super-hopped beer that regularly takes home GABF medals in the American IPA category. And this is just one brewery. What once was Coors country has become craft (apologies to the editor) instead. When you can convert Oregon ranchers to IPA, there's really no reason to bother shipping it to San Francisco.
Over the course of the week of the Craft Brewers Conference, attendees will have the chance to try special beers from around the country that have arrived for the event. If you have never been to Oregon, I encourage you to resist the temptation to indulge in too many pints of illustrious non-Oregon beer. Look for beers from the Beaver State breweries mentioned in this post instead—you won't be getting another chance anytime soon.
Click here to read recommended beers and places to drink in Portland.
Read more posts from The Beer Bible Blog.
Jeff Alworth is the author of the forthcoming book, The Beer Bible (Workman, 2015). Follow him on Twitter or find him at his blog, Beervana.
ST. PAUL -- Minnesota Wild General Manager Chuck Fletcher today announced the National Hockey League (NHL) club has signed forward Justin Kloos to a two-year, entry-level contract starting with the 2017-18 season. He will report to the Iowa Wild of the American Hockey League (AHL) on an Amateur Tryout Agreement (ATO) for the remainder of this season.
Kloos, 23 (11/30/93), recorded 43 points (18-25=43), including six game-winning goals and six power-play tallies in 38 games during his senior season with the University of Minnesota. The two-year team captain led the Gophers in GWG, ranked second in PPG and third in assists and goals during his senior season. The 5-foot-9, 182-pound native of Lakeville, Minn., tallied 150 points (63-87=150) in 155 games in four seasons at the University of Minnesota and did not miss a game during his collegiate career. He was named Second Team All-Big Ten and earned the John Mariucci Most Valuable Player Award and the Elwin "Doc" Romnes Leadership & Sportsmanship Award following the 2015-16 season. Kloos was also named to the Academic All-Big Ten Team in 2015 and 2016.
Tweet from @jkloos15: Very excited to be apart of the @mnwild organization and looking forward to the next chapter of my life!
He led the Gophers and ranked fourth in the Big Ten in scoring in 2015-16 with 43 points (16-27=43) in 37 contests. Kloos led the Gophers with 16 goals during his freshman season in 2013-14 and was named the NCAA West Regional Most Outstanding Player and an All-Tournament Team member as Minnesota advanced to the NCAA championship game. He led the state in scoring with 103 points in 31 games during his senior season at Lakeville South High School and was honored as the 2012 Minnesota Mr. Hockey Award winner, helping Lakeville South to an appearance in the Minnesota State High School Hockey Tournament.
Related Items:
Long before the iTunes Store was a glimmer in Steve Jobs' eye, Download.com launched in 1996 as the most comprehensive, the safest place to get all your software, from the latest drivers and codecs to professional-grade programs. It was, and still is, notable for scanning and testing its software catalog to ensure that none would infect your computer. We take a look at the history of the software world before Download.com, the rise of modern software, and where software stands now.
The software world before Download.com: The software world grew rapidly throughout the 1980s and early 1990s. In 1983, for example, Microsoft actually distributed the first version of Word as a free insert in PC Magazine. Microsoft's Windows 1.0 wouldn't even debut for another two years. By 1986, the first computer virus, called Brain, began making its way around the world, and within in a year, the VIRUS-L mailing list began discussing how to stop computer viruses. Early participants included Eugene Kaspersky and John McAfee, who would later lend their names to their antivirus programs, which are still in use today.
Nine years before the launch of Download.com, and some of the software world's most defining characteristics had already begun to lock into place. Viruses and other malware, Microsoft Windows, and software stalwarts like Microsoft Word would soon be boosted by a series of low-profile but massively important changes to the Windows operating system itself. VGA support arrived in 1990, giving Windows the graphics power to compete with Mac, and scalable fonts came in 1992. File archiving was popularized in 1991 by WinZip, which would five years later become one of the must-have programs available on Download.com. Its lifetime download count from Download.com at the time of writing is 77,000 downloads short of 204 million.
On the software front, two high-profile expansions from Mac to Windows lent Redmond's operating system credibility. Aldus PageMaker was the first major program to be ported from Mac to Windows in 1987, followed by Adobe Photoshop 2.5 in 1992. By that point, there were more than two dozen security programs, including Avast Antivirus back in 1988, VirusScan from McAfee, Vaccine from Sophos, Dr. Solomon's from S&S, and VirScan from IBM. Norton AntiVirus and Grisoft's Anti-Virus Guard, later renamed AVG, took their bows in 1992.
Meanwhile, modem use had exploded, and the capability to render both words and pictures on the World Wide Web accelerated its dissemination into pop culture. Although he doesn't mention the Web explicitly, the neurosurgeon Dr. Leonard Shlain wrote about these phenomena in his 1998 book, "The Alphabet versus the Goddess." The Web, heretofore limited to left-brain coding languages and the written word, suddenly became a forum for right-brain imagery as well, as the new Web browser Mosaic debuted in 1993. Mosaic was the first browser that didn't have to download images from Web sites separately, its biggest but not its only contribution to how we interact with the Web. It also had bookmarks, icons, and a home button, all tools which are still in use 18 years later.
The year 1993 also saw the arrival of WinRAR, the first major competitor to WinZip. The Opera Browser took the stage in 1994, and then Microsoft changed everything again on August 24, 1995. Windows 95 brought partial 32-bit support, the capability to run 2GB of virtual RAM, full FAT32 file system support and long file names, and a little program called Internet Explorer. As you can see in the infographic, a year after its debut, IE had claimed 20 percent market share.
Download.com and the rise of modern software: When Download.com launched on October 23, 1996, with a catalog of Windows and Mac software programs numbering in the thousands, it had thrust itself into a software world that was already well under way and gaining speed. By comparison, Download.com now lists more than a quarter of a million products in a software directory that now includes mobile and Web-based apps.
That year would see the company Mirabilis delivers the first Internet-wide messaging service, a homophone of "I seek you" called ICQ. A year later, AOL would buy Mirabilis for $407 million--the most ever paid at the time for an Israeli technology company--and use its tech to power AOL Instant Messenger, better known as AIM. Instant messaging was massive in the mid-1990s, with Yahoo Instant Messenger and Excite Pal vying for your smileys along with ICQ and AIM.
Download.com played a major role in the early distribution of software. There were nearly 200,000 total downloads per week in 1996, and within five years this would skyrocket to more than 5.25 million per week. In 2011, that number stands at 9.595 million. Music would also drive interest in Download.com, with the arrival of the music jukebox WinAmp and its unique llama iconography in 1997.
It didn't take long for the MP3 audio file format to disengage from the desktop. The world's first MP3 player, Eiger's MPMan F10, hit the streets in 1998, followed by the easiest way to get music: the decidedly not-legal file distribution network known as Napster, in 1999. Named for a co-founder's hairstyle, Napster's impact on helping to popularize the format is undeniable.
Many of today's most popular programs got their start in this late '90s to early '00s era. Ad-Aware's 1999 debut became a massively successful response to growing malware threats. Tim O'Reilly's Open Source Initiative officially kicked off the open-source movement in 1998, creating the original crowdsourcing business model for software development. Sun Microsystems relaunched StarOffice as the OpenOffice project, an open-source alternative to Microsoft Word in 2000. AVG Free Anti-Virus upended the paid security software business in 2000, too, and Avast followed suit in 2001. iTunes for Mac kicked off the beginning of the year, followed by the iPod in October.
Following Napster, peer-to-peer file-sharing subsequently changed the face of digital downloading forever. The casualties of the past decade--see Napster, Grokster, LimeWire, Kazaa, and Morpheus below--demonstrate the risks associated with the file-sharing industry, but the continued adaptation and popularity of peer-to-peer BitTorrent clients and social networking indicate that sharing is here to stay. Interestingly, Bram Cohen's torrent protocol also debuted in 2001.
Not so surprisingly, at the same time that people started sending and receiving files willy-nilly all over the world, incidents of viruses, spyware, and other malware began to invade home users' computers. The Melissa virus (1999), the ILOVEYOU e-mail (2000), and the Blaster worm (2003) were only the beginning, as millions of users found themselves face to face with ridiculous pop-up windows or worst, blood-boiling blue screens.
Security software has ruled the roost on Download.com ever since, despite significant security advances by operating systems and browsers in recent years. Video software continue to stalk the pace, driven by users' apparent need to convert pornographic movies to 21 different formats and then transfer them to 13 different devices.
Steve Jobs and Apple blew up the Windows jukebox market in 2003 with the highest-profile program port from Mac to Windows since the early 1990s, as iTunes for Windows opened up the larger Windows user market to the joys of the iPod. But that was the same year that several Kazaa developers introduced Skype for the first peer-to-peer voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
Where software stands now: From the ashes of Mosaic rose arguably the most successful nonprofit, open-source software company to date: Mozilla. The company's Firefox browser kicked off a new round of browser wars in 2004, quickly grabbing market share from the stagnating Internet Explorer, followed in 2008 by two disruptive program debuts: Malwarebytes Anti-Malware delivered a shock to security software with its fast and accurate protection; and then Google got its hands on an open-source project called Chromium.
The Chrome browser was remarkable for two reasons. It forced browser makers to re-evaluate, for the better, their priorities in the age of high-speed broadband. Suddenly, browser interfaces began to emulate Chrome's minimalist, get-the-heck-outta-the-way style. Performance also became a key issue, as the need for speed couldn't be understated. But the second way that Chrome changed software was its rapid-release cycle, which brought smartphone app update sensibilities to desktop software. No longer was the browser version massively important, since it updated every six weeks or so. Security patches could be pushed to users with much less effort. By de-emphasizing versioning, Google put an onus of effort on itself to make sure that the program would "just work right," straight out of the box. When Mozilla adopted the same practice, albeit with a Firefox flair, it proved that rapid-release cycles and the influence of mobile apps were here to stay.
And of course, this influence hasn't escaped Download.com. The site now hosts more than 500,000 mobile apps, more than all other software platforms combined. Windows itself is moving toward a mobile-style, with the integration of the Metro mobile phone interface into Windows 8, and Apple is looking for greater cross-pollination between OS X and iOS. But at the end of the day, whether you call it a program, an application, software, or the monosyllabic "app," chances are it's going to be on Download.com.
CNET's Peter Butler, Senior Content Manager at Download.com, contributed to this story.
As of this writing, the latest iOS firmware that can be jailbroken is iOS 9.1. There has been no significant progress recently on a new jailbreak tool for newer versions of iOS such as iOS 9.2 – iOS 9.3.1 as Apple quickly patched most of the exploits that were known or used in previous jailbreak tools such as Pangu. There is also no way that you can downgrade back to iOS 9.1 as Apple has already closed the signing window making it impossible to downgrade.
With all that said, we recently stumbled upon an interesting app known as Mojo Installer that is an alternative to Cydia except that it works on non-jailbroken iOS devices. Yes you heard it right, this app doesn't require a jailbreak and lets you install cool apps such as game emulators, screen recorders and much more.
To find out how you can install Mojo on your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch, follow the step-by-step guide below.
How to install Mojo on non-jailbroken iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch
Step 1: Launch Safari on your iOS device and go to mojoapp.xyz or mojoinstaller.co
Step 2: Mojo's website will be opened containing detailed information of the app and its features. Get started by tapping on the installation button as shown below
Step 3: You will be taken to the next page requesting you to build a custom profile and why it's needed. Tap on the Build Custom Profile button
Step 4: The Settings app will launch with Mojo's profile displayed. Press the Installation button in top right corner to install the profile on your device. If you have passcode enabled then you will be required to enter it before proceeding
Step 5: You will now be taken back to the browser with a message indicating that the profile was installed successfully. On the same page, scroll down to the bottom and tap on the Installation Mojo button to install the app on your device
Step 6: A confirmation message appears asking whether you'd like to install Mojo. Tap on the Installation button to continue
Step 7: Once again, you will be taken back to the Settings app to install another profile. Proceed by tapping on the Installation button. If a Warning screen appears, continue by pressing the Installation button again
Step 8: You will then receive a message that the profile was installed successfully. Tap on the Done button and head to the Home screen
Step 9: You should now see Mojo's app icon on your Home screen. Tap on it to launch the app
Step 10: On first launch, you will see a welcome screen along with a walkthrough of the app. You will also be required to wait for a few seconds until Mojo performs the initial configurations
Step 11: Once everything is done, the home page of Mojo app will be displayed. You can get started by installing apps from the Packages tab or adding a new source from the Sources tab. Keep in mind that some apps will add their own certificate on your device so you need to go to Settings -> General -> Profile and trust each of these individually to be able to launch them.
If you don't have the default source added in Sources tab then tap on the plus ‘+' button and type in the following URL: https://mojoinstaller.co/repo/
How to remove Mojo from your device
If you didn't like Mojo or it doesn't work as advertised, you can remove it by going to Settings -> General -> Profile, choose the Mojo Installer profile and tap on the delete button to remove it.
Note: As of this writing, the website is down maybe due to large amounts of traffic so you might be unable to install the app. You have to try a couple of times until you're able to go through all the steps mentioned above.
What do you think of Mojo Installer? Let us know in the comments section below.
Stay on top of the latest Apple and Jailbreak news and guides by following our page on Facebook and Twitter.
IT'S a car, but not as we know it.
A trio of Toyota hydrogen vehicles — which emit only water vapour from their tailpipes — has landed in Australia ahead of a three-year trial of the future technology.
There is just one catch: for now there is only one hydrogen refuelling point in Australia — at the headquarters of arch rival car company, Hyundai.
But Toyota is importing a special mobile hydrogen refueller which will enable the hi-tech cars to be driven across the country.
The Toyota Mirai — dubbed the “puffer fish” because of its bulbous face and large “gills” in the front bumper — is already on sale in Europe, the US and Japan priced about $70,000, roughly twice the cost of a Toyota Prius hybrid.
However, in a classic chicken versus egg dilemma, there are currently no plans to introduce hydrogen cars in Australia because, for now, there is nowhere for customers to refuel them.
Hydrogen cars are seen as the solution to future mobility — beyond electric cars — because they can be refuelled in the same time as petrol-powered cars and can travel the same distance between refills, more than 500km.
Toyota's Hydrogen Car: A Test Drive 2:04 Toyota Mirai, the first hydrogen-powered fuel-cell vehicle being sold to the public, offers a brisk and nimble ride, despite its considerable bulk. And instead of carbon dioxide, it emits water. Photo: Eric Pfanner/The Wall Street Journal
“We are extremely interested in fuel cell technology, but we need the relevant infrastructure in place before we can sell these vehicles in Australia,” said Dave Buttner, Toyota Australia president.
“Fuel cell technology is expected to play a key role in the future and we do not want Australians to miss out.”
How it works
Hydrogen is used to power an on-board “fuel cell”, a miniature factory that creates electricity which, in turn, either charges the on-board battery pack or powers the car's electric motor, or both.
What it's like to drive a hydrogen car?
Inside it sounds as eerily quiet as an electric vehicle. Outside the vehicle there is a hi-tech hum and the occasional subtle whistle sound from the exhaust as it emits water vapour. Acceleration is about the same as a small hatchback, like a Toyota Corolla.
The long road for hydrogen powered cars
Mercedes-Benz imported an experimental hydrogen car as long ago as September 2004, but it was here only briefly for a demonstration to highlight a three-year hydrogen bus trial in Perth. When the program ended in 2007 it was not renewed and the hydrogen refueller was decommissioned.
In March 2015 Hyundai imported the world's first mass produced hydrogen car (built on the same production line as petrol and diesel versions of the same vehicle) and unveiled the only hydrogen refuelling point in Australia. It has since travelled 4500km.
In October 2015, after more than a decade of experimental vehicles, Toyota imported its first mass produced hydrogen car, the Mirai, for a month of local demonstrations. However, it could not be driven far because Toyota only had the hydrogen that came in the car's tank. There was no way to refuel it at the time.
In July 2016, Toyota imported three of its Mirai hydrogen sedans for a three-year trial; the mobile refueller is due in October 2016.
This will give the cars an unlimited driving range, from Sydney to Perth, Darwin to Adelaide, and from Cairns to Melbourne along the east coast.
This reporter is on Twitter: @JoshuaDowling
Lee Drutman is a senior fellow in the Political Reform Program at New America. He is the author of " The Business of America is Lobbying ." The opinions expressed here are his own.
This is good news, because it demonstrates two things.
First, it demonstrates the news media is attuned to the importance of ethics, and to the ways in which seemingly small, obscure changes can have a big effect. The press reacted quickly to this intended gutting, treating it as a major story.
Second, it demonstrates that voters on both sides are attuned to ethics. Social media lit up with outrage over the move against the OCE, and if people's posts are to be believed, many of those outraged folks deluged their representatives' offices with calls as well.
Presumably, the decision to weaken the Office of Congressional Ethics arose from a staggering miscalculation by the House GOP on these two points. Republicans who supported the seemingly obscure changes must have figured hardly anybody would notice, and even fewer people would care. Perhaps, some members concluded, given what President-elect Donald Trump has been getting away with, norms really had changed. Why should members of Congress have to suffer?
This is not the first time the OCE has withstood challenges under threat . Many members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, have long disliked the independence of the office, especially those who have been investigated.
Is this new "ethics matters" lesson a sign of things to come in 2017? Hopefully. But it's not a given.
The Office of Congressional Ethics may have drawn such public outcry in this case because the narrative of weakening existing rules makes for a clear story, with obvious demands in response (keep the OCE!). By contrast, a failure to investigate corruption or identify conflicts of interest doesn't always offer the same narrative clarity. It's harder to raise those stories out of the shadows.
It's also possible that House members who initially wanted to scrap the agency may have been willing to fold quickly because keeping the OCE wasn't a major concession for them. They had lived with it, and the majority of members had never been bothered by it.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
To be sure, there may be some who give Trump's Twitter account credit for the course correction. But though it surely had an impact on some of the members, Trump's tweets merely rode the crest of public opinion against the changes, rather than leading it. It is a mistake to give Trump too much credit, just as it is a mistake to take his Drain the Swamp plan seriously.
The successful fight to preserve the Office of Congressional Ethics is an encouraging development. The media was on the story quickly, organizations mobilized, the public responded and Congress heard the outrage loud and clear. This is how democratic accountability is supposed to work. Hopefully this is a sign of more good fights to come. It's a promising sign that a sustained and well-organized call for Trump to divest from his business conflicts might have an impact, too.
The UK's Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) has released a simplified ‘Dronecode' ahead of this years Christmas rush when many people buy new Drones. The revised code is a simplified version of the rules and regulations governing the use of UAVs in the country. The drone safety initiative is being launched in conjunction with the UK air traffic control body NATS and includes a new drone safety website.
There have been a number of high profile near misses and incidents involving Drones in recent months. the new rules are part of an initiative to educate both new and existing users on how to use unmanned aerial systems safely.
Drones are set to be one of the most popular gift items again this year so the CAA is looking to keep pilots flying drones safely as more drones take to the sky this holiday season.
D. R. O. N. E.
The new Dronecode is also the result of one of the first industry reports into drones. The report looked at pilot behaviour, the public's attitude towards drones, and their responsible use. The research found that 91% of respondents considered adherence to the dronecode extremely important. Similarly, members of the public mostly accepted that UAVs can and are used for purposes that are deemed as ‘worthy'.
With Christmas nearly here, more drones will be taking to the skies in future and so the CAA is advising would-be pilots to familiarise themselves with the updated regulations.
The Dronecode has been simplified by turning the word ‘drone' into an easy to remember mnemonic. The simple set of rules promotes safe and responsible use of unmanned aerial aircraft and can be seen below:
D on't fly near airports or airfields
on't fly near airports or airfields R emember to stay below 400ft (120m)
emember to stay below 400ft (120m) O bserve your drone at all times
bserve your drone at all times N ever fly near aircraft
ever fly near aircraft Enjoy responsibly
In addition to remembering to stay below 400ft (120m), drone users also have to fly their UAV150ft (50m) away from buildings and people.
Consumers Conscious of Drone Safety
Most drone users who took part in the drone industry report said that their use was mainly for fun. Respondents however acknowledged the potential importance of UAVs in sectors like agriculture, emergency health services such as emergency donor organ transportation, traffic management, and power line inspection.
As mentioned above, the new dronecode is also being launched in conjunction with a new website; www.dronesafe.uk. The website is a result of the partnership between the CAA and the UK air traffic control body NATS and is supported by the Department of Transport, UAV retailers, and other key Drone industry players.
Speaking on the launch of the new Dronecode, Andrew Sage of the air traffic control provider NATS, said:
“Drones are an incredible, inspiring technology but it's vital that people are using them safely. With the number of reported drone incidents on the rise, it's important that people understand their legal obligations and fly safe, having fun whilst ensuring other users of the UK's airspace aren't put at risk. We hope that dronesafe.uk will help to achieve this.”
The newly released Dronecode targets and covers consumer drone use only. Commercial UAV operators require licensing and undergoing a test before operating. Pilots who flout the rules are being warned that they could be liable to imprisonment. The new dronecode website features the CAA's simple rules and resources to help drone pilots adhere to safety standards and rules.
Recent incidents have shown that as aerial vehicles that can be used by ordinary members of the public, an educative drive was clearly required. So if you're looking to get yourself a drone this christmas or are gifted one, head on over the the Drone Safe website to get up to speed with everything you need to know before you fly your new drone.
A college professor was injured by a 'seriously scary' and violent student mob as she escorted a conservative guest speaker off campus.
Professor Allison Stanger at Middlebury College in Vermont suffered a neck injury after her hair was yanked by unruly demonstrators while she was escorting author Charles Murray off campus on Thursday.
The screaming crowd, made up of students and 'outside agitators', were protesting Murray's visit and attempted to stop his car by climbing on the vehicle, hitting its windows and throwing a stop sign at it, a college official said.
Murray, who has been called a white nationalist, had to have his lecture moved to a private room because of the commotion, and later said in a tweet the students, some of which who were wearing masks, were 'seriously scary'.
Scroll down for video
Professor Allison Stanger (left) suffered a neck injury after a protester yanked her hair as she was escorting speaker Charles Murray (right) off the Middlebury College campus on Thursday
The violent mob of students and 'outside agitators' were protesting Murray's visit to the Vermont college's campus. After the protesters disrupted Murray's lecture, Stanger and Murray were moved to a private room to record the talk
After the incident Murray tweeted that the students 'were seriously scary'
The conservative is the author of the controversial book The Bell Curve, which makes an argument that blacks are intellectually inferior to whites because of genetics, reported the New York Times.
Hundreds of demonstrators turned up to Murray's lecture and protested for 25 minutes. They were so disruptive, he was moved to another room to have his talk recorded.
Middlebury College students turned their backs on Murray just as he started to speak and chanted 'Who is the enemy? White supremacy!', 'Racist, sexist, anti-gay, Charles Murray, go away!' and 'Your message is hatred. We cannot tolerate it.'
A Middlebury communications official called the protesters a 'mob', reported Seven Days.
He said: 'The demonstrators were trying to block Mr. Murray and Professor Stanger's way out of the building and to the car.
The protesters inside the student center turned their backs on Murray and chanted. Later a spokesperson for the college said a screaming crowd threw a stop sign at Murray's vehicle as it was leaving. It's unknown if the students pictured inside were part of the protesters outside
Video courtesy of Will DiGravio
'It became a pushing and shoving match, with the officers trying to protect those two people from demonstrators — and it became violent. This was an incredibly violent confrontation.'
College president Laurie L. Patton said she was 'deeply disappointed' by the events she witnessed and said members of the college community had 'failed to live up to our core values.'
The college added: 'We do respect the right of people to protest, to make their views heard, but ultimately not to disrupt an event to the point where it can no longer continue as designed.'
This is not the first time Murray has been protested and criticized by a college campus.
Murray (right) has been called a white nationalist and protesters chanted 'Who is the enemy? White supremacy' among other things for 25 minutes
College president Laurie L. Patton said she was 'deeply disappointed' by the events and said members of the college community had 'failed to live up to our core values'
Murray began his lecture at the college's student center (pictured). More than a hundred people turned up to protest his talk
Before a visit to Virginia Tech, the president of university issued a statement in March of 2016 that said: 'Dr. Murray is well known for his controversial and largely discredited work linking measures of intelligence to heredity, and specifically to race and ethnicity— a flawed socioeconomic theory that has been used by some to justify fascism, racism and eugenics.'
Middlebury student and protest organizer Elizabeth Dunn said: 'Both students and other community members came out to show that we are not accepting this kind of racist, misogynistic, eugenist opinions being expressed at our college.
'We don't think that they deserve a platform because they are literally hate speech.'
The student group American Enterprise Institute Club invited Murray, believing it's important to bring speakers from all intellectual and ideological backgrounds to campus, said Alexander Khan, its vice president.
'Our goal really was to get a conversation started, whether you believe in what Dr. Murray has to say or whether you vehemently disagree with him,' he said.
Alabama Secretary of State: Doug Jones will be certified today at 2p despite new claims from Roy Moore campaign https://t.co/RdlzRIUiO3 — New Day (@NewDay) December 28, 2017
Thursday morning, Alabama Secretary of State John Merrill addressed Republican Roy Moore‘s lawsuit challenging the result of the special election for the U.S. Senate between him and Democrat Doug Jones. Moore claimed that the reason Jones received 20,000 more votes than him was voter fraud, and that Merrill should not certify the election results. Merrill told CNN's “New Day” that despite Moore's challenge, he will certify Jones' victory later today.
Addressing whether Moore's legal challenge will effect the certification process, Merrill said, “The short answer to that is no. Doug Jones will be certified today at 2 pm Eastern Time, 1 pm Central Time.”
Host Alisyn Camerota asked Merrill how he reached the conclusion that Moore's claim of election fraud was not valid. Merrill didn't address Moore's case specifically, but he lumped it into more than 100 voter fraud claims that his office has received. He said that he's adjudicated more than 60 of those claims, and gave an example of how ridiculous these claims can be. In one situation, Merrill said someone claimed that 5,000 people were recorded to have voted in the town of Bordolama, despite only 2,000 people living there. How did Merrill know this claim was bogus? No such town even exists.
While Merrill didn't flat out say that Moore's claim was equally spurious, that seemed to be the implication.
With the certification, Doug Jones will officially be declared the winner, and the next U.S. Senator from Alabama, filling the position once held by Republican Jeff Sessions before he became Attorney General.
Update 12/28/17 4:57pm: After a judge denied Moore's claim, Merrill certified Jones' victory. Moore said in a statement:
Election law experts across the country have agreed that this was a fraudulent election…. I have stood for the truth about God and the Constitution for the people of Alabama. I have no regrets. To God be the glory.
Yesterday, streiff covered the giant delegate FAIL that the Trump campaign had in Arizona this weekend.
In true Trump fashion, Trump's Arizona chairman Jeff DeWit promised a lawsuit over the delegate debacle because everything in the whole world is unfair when it doesn't go Trump's way.
But behind the scenes? Apparently DeWit was well aware it was the Trump team's own shortcomings that led to the delegate results, and let's just say he was less than thrilled about it.
DeWit was caught on camera yelling at the staffers for their mistakes:
“CALL ME, I WAS UP ALL NIGHT, I DIDN'T SLEEP. (inaudible) You put names on there and you didn't even know who they are?!”
One would think it would take some real effort to find such incompetent people in so many states, but the way all the imbeciles of the country flock to Trump, it isn't surprising. Good luck with that lawsuit, bro.
In the past week, Dr. Jennifer Conti has seen two patients who would be perfectly screwed if House Republicans had their way.
One, Conti told Vogue, was lied to at a crisis pregnancy center posing as an abortion clinic: told that her pregnancy was 12 weeks along when in fact she was 21 weeks in, and conveniently enough, just three weeks shy of California's 24-week deadline on legal abortion. Probably, CPC staffers sought to run out the clock and obligate the patient to carry the pregnancy to term, Conti—a clinical assistant professor at Stanford University in obstetrics and gynecology and a fellow with Physicians for Reproductive Health—explained.
The second woman, meanwhile, was in the 23rd week of a pregnancy she wanted very much when doctors diagnosed her with a serious heart condition that will require a transplant. Birthing a child would mean risking her life; she landed in Conti's office just in the nick of time.
Later abortions are rare but not unheard of. “Whether it's the life of the mother that's in danger or the life of the fetus, whether [the patients] just didn't realize they were pregnant until [they were] further along, or whether it's other laws that are in place that affect their ability to access care sooner, there are so many reasons why women might be in a scenario wherein they need to access medically necessary and safe abortion care after 20 weeks,” Conti said, adding: “It's really not for the politician to decide when that is.”
And yet politicians keep on trying. The latest effort comes Tuesday, when the House of Representatives votes on a bill that would not only ban abortion nationwide, 20 weeks after fertilization, but also criminalize procedures performed thereafter, with exceptions for instances where the life of the mother is at risk and in cases involving rape or incest. A direct challenge to the terms established by Roe v. Wade—abortion is legal until the fetus is viable outside the womb, a phenomenon medical professionals generally agree occurs around the 24th week of pregnancy—the so-called Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, or H.R. 36, isn't likely to pass a Senate vote even if it does advance. (Similar bills failed in both 2013 and 2015.)
But these are different times—a whirlwind nine months that have seen the Global Gag Rule reinstated, Congress attempt to codify the abortion-restrictive Hyde Amendment, and President Trump take aim at Planned Parenthood, among many other calamities—and regardless of its outcome, H.R. 36 should set a field full of red flags waving for any woman concerned about her uterine autonomy. The constant attacks lobbed at reproductive rights speak volumes about the way Republican legislators view women.
Emboldened as antichoice lobbyists are by the rabidly antichoice “A-Team” occupying the White House, it probably shouldn't surprise anyone to see this particular brand of abortion legislation creep from statehouses to Capitol Hill. In the first quarter of 2017 alone, state legislatures introduced 431 abortion restrictions nationwide. Currently, 17 states bar abortion 20 weeks after fertilization, a legislative maneuver without scientific basis. While medical advancements occasionally mean that a fetus as young as 22 weeks can potentially survive outside the womb—provided doctors intervene immediately and maintain intensive, extended care, and then only with odds so slim that many doctors wouldn't try—a fetus any younger than that cannot. There's no gray area.
When Vogue asked what purpose a medically arbitrary 20-week limit on women's gestation serves, Susan B. Anthony List—an antiabortion group backing H.R. 36—replied that “the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act protects babies starting at 20 weeks post-fertilization, or 22 weeks gestation,” and insisting that “this legislation is meant specifically to address the humanity of the unborn child in the womb on the scientific truth point that they can feel pain, not whether they are viable.”
Speaking to Rewire, however, SBA president Marjorie Dannenfelser said that while securing the president's signature was one end, a more immediate aim “is to make sure there is a very high-level public conversation” and to capitalize on the Democratic Party's demonstrated unwillingness to treat support for abortion rights as a litmus test.
Dannenfelser, it seems, hopes to exploit her opponent's weakness before the midterm elections, while also lending some legitimacy to misinformation beloved of the antiabortion right: that fetuses can feel pain as early as 20 weeks, when in reality, the neural pathways that allow them to do so don't develop until around the 28th week of gestation. That's one aspect of H.R. 36 that worries Conti.
“The really divisive and sneaky thing about this is that, on the surface, it looks like something that's designed to protect women, and that's not an accident,” she said. “You'll see a lot of these bills framed in a way where, if you haven't done research into this topic, or you haven't sat down with a family going through this scenario, you might think, Well, that's actually a good thing—is there a gestational age at which we need to stop [performing abortions]?”
Seeing 20 weeks touted, again and again, as that gestational age could change people's opinions, with brutal consequences for women.
According to the Guttmacher Institute, the vast majority of abortions occur in the first trimester (weeks one to 13): Just 9 percent are performed after 14 weeks, and 1 percent at or after 21 weeks. The women who make up that 10 percent typically face some kind of hardship. Some, like Conti's patient with a heart condition, are people for whom pregnancy poses a grave health threat; others are the same groups continually disenfranchised by our nation's health-care system.
“It's going to be young people, it's going to be women of color, low-income women, and immigrant women,” Dr. Jamila Perritt—vice chair for Advocates for Youth's Board of Directors, a fellowship-trained obstetrician and gynecologist, and a fellow with Physicians for Reproductive Health—told Vogue, ticking off H.R. 36's prospective casualties. As Perritt noted, these women don't necessarily get to have abortions precisely when they want them, thanks to an accumulation of hurdles (mostly) white, male legislators place in their way.
Consider the timeline: A woman might not realize she's pregnant until she's missed a period or two. Best-case scenario, she'll make the discovery while she's still in her first trimester and manage to book an appointment before the cost of the procedure—typically around $500— slides up to second-trimester rates, which can run into the thousands. And best-case scenario, she'll have saved up enough money to be able to afford that emergency expense—although in a country where 69 percent of adults have less than $1,000 in savings, that's an unlikely proposition.
The scramble to raise funds for an abortion often forces low-income women into second-trimester procedures, their difficulty compounded by a slew of hidden costs: dwindling clinic numbers mean traveling longer distances to get abortions, and enduring longer wait times for appointments. They mean securing and paying for child care (in 2014, 59 percent of abortion patients were already parents); locking in transportation or finding someone to drive, quite possibly across state lines; forgoing pay to take time off work not just for the procedure, but also for the counseling many states deem mandatory a day, or two days, or three days in advance. This logistical nightmare takes time to resolve, potentially more than 20 weeks. Legislators know this—they designed the bureaucratic puzzle that way. And according to Perritt, that willful ignorance betrays a more sinister motivation.
“Politicians who claim to truly care about women's health and their well-being really should focus on policies that advance healthy pregnancies,” Perritt said. They should focus on policies that expand access to things like contraception, especially for low-income communities. But that's the opposite of what congressional Republicans have done under Trump.
The most obvious piece of evidence here is the GOP's Affordable Care Act repeal, every iteration of which—from Paul Ryan's failed American Health Care Act to Mitch McConnell's thwarted carbon copy to the Graham-Cassidy iteration that Planned Parenthood blasted as going “even further to devastate women and families” than its predecessors did—has portended particular doom for uterus-havers and children alike. Consistent themes were gutting Medicaid; making abortion harder to finance; shuttering Planned Parenthood and blocking access to preventative health services for its low-income patients; and imposing roundabout financial penalties on women who'd given birth or had C-sections, all while eliminating the guarantee of insurance coverage for maternal and newborn care.
H.R. 36, Republicans' most recent effort to torpedo women's health, follows closely on the heels of the Graham-Cassidy bill's collapse last week. The timing strikes both Conti and Perritt as suspicious, suggesting that when legislators couldn't accomplish a task one way, they found another. “Was the impact of all of these previous attempts to undo the ACA really aimed at women's health?” Conti wondered. The sequence of events heavily suggests a hierarchy of priority.
“I think you'd have to be blind not to see that it's part of a larger agenda,” Perritt agreed. “This is not about health care, it's not about science; it really is about removing access overall.” We already know what happens when women can't get the abortions they want; it's not usually advancement, and indeed that seems to be the point.
Note: This article is also available in Spanish.
Something happened that I haven't been able to quite settle out. I have always compared myself to men and sought to understand where the differences lay. It has never been black and white, estrogen and testosterone. I've had a long-standing interest in hobbies and work environments that are predominately male, or traditionally male-dominated. I can go into this in more detail later, but this tendency led me to a gym-rat lifestyle and gave appeal to physical labor jobs.
When I took a landscaping job I was much more hesitant in driving truck and trailer than my male counter-parts, almost universally. And looking back, if I had received an insult or a slight from an impatient co-worker as I choked up some courage to try, I'd probably break. This is despite understanding the need for criticism and that these jab were intended to toughen weak spots, not kill the entire ego.
Two things became more obvious to me on this path.
The first was risk adversity. No matter how many fight clubs, push-up contests or video games lined with an important side task of out-trolling my opponents would have revealed this. This was serious. Work boots on, get to the worksite, and get paid. What do you mean you're scared?
The second was disposability. Years of seeing myself as physically strong, and the specialness I thought the macho brought, helped me make the decision to undertake hard, physical work. Easy, I'm boss, I can powerlift 200. But in signing my body up, by upholding a macho demeanor, there was no margin for weakness.
ZERO margin. One weekend out in a park a longboard hurled into my foot from behind after its rider had bailed trying to miss me. The front sliced into my skin, but unable to tear into my achilles instead tore the skin around my ankle into a U. (Not for the weak of stomach.)
I was laid off from my job, unable to wear work boots for months.
The wistful thoughts of my exclusion while watching a crew of men working construction or cramming into a truck to go to another work site were temporarily extinguished. However, it was the summer contemplating human inequality with the lens of evolutionary psychology and writing in this blog that led me to the most influential step. Facing my own intellectual dishonesty and learning to stay when being criticized. I found freedom in finding space were ideas could simply be ideas.
“Exchange is to cultural evolution as sex is to biological evolution.” – Matt Ridley, in the Rational Optimist
It may have been my attempts to imitate male hyperagency that forged an empathy that would betray everything I thought I knew, causing millions of titans to fall in my worldview. Paradoxically, in having to stand without them I have never felt more connected. Ideas plus other ideas equal the potential for innovation, and taking ownership of my own willingness to explore and share was key.
Cognitive diversity brings new insights, not the monoculture of group-think.
I have to honor my own nature, which sometimes lies counter to what the majority of people with matching genitalia choose to do. This isn't good or bad, just descriptive. I do not believe we all have to agree to establish respect and understanding.
Life with no margin for weakness is hard – unnecessarily hard, in my opinion. We all need help once and a while.
When you consider that many more men are expected to live this way to be respected and even acknowledged as human beings, though are just as likely to be the victims of domestic violence as women and even more likely to be homeless, we, as a society are fogged in by bias. Consider gynocentrism. Consider the in-group favoritism feminism has created, as well as how it resembles dogma more and more.
Consider men, in their vulnerability.
Men and women have unique struggles, as well as very similar ones. Where I have had the autonomy to explore the gray in-between, many men will find themselves trapped in similar circumstances. My scars are just like any scars, but the stories are always different, as are others reactions to them. Sometimes the reactions are simply based in natural instincts and biology, but if you could fly above the fog, what would you see?
After Black Tuesday, Oct. 29, 1929, Variety declared “Wall Street lays an egg,” to describe a drop of 23 percent in the stock market over two days. In the stock market “crash” of 1987, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 22.6 percent of its value in one day. On Monday, the Dow dropped 634.76 points to 10809.85. Does the sharp decline qualify as a “crash?”
To some market observers, the latest decline is merely a “correction,” compared with what happened in 1929 and 1987. Despite the large drop – some 513 points last Thursday, as well – the Dow is down 9.13 percent over three days of trading.
“A stock market crash is in the range of 25 percent or more in one day,” says Fred Dickson, chief investment strategist at D.A. Davidson & Co. in Lake Oswego, Ore. “We're down about 10 percent in 10 days.”
Here are some of the worst market sell-offs:
Oct. 19, 1987, also called “Black Monday.” Over the weekend before, Iran had fired missiles over the Persian Gulf, causing some nervous moments. But then, an article in The New York Times claimed that the US wanted a lower-valued dollar. This prompted foreign investors to start to dump stocks because they would be worth less money in dollar terms. The markets at the time did not have any circuit-breakers, which now stop trading after about a 10 percent decline in one day.
Instead, the falling markets resulted in yet more selling, which basically snowballed as computer-generated trades kept pressure on the market the entire day. “The only thing that kept the market from melting down even more was the closing bell,” recalls Mr. Dickson.
The next day the Federal Reserve Bank stepped in, reducing interest rates. The stock market reversed itself, moving higher.
Oct. 28 and 29, 1929. On Monday the 28th, the stock market fell 12.82 percent and then dropped another 11.73 percent the next day. The stock market of the 1920 had a lot of “wild West” in it, with little supervision over trading. The public had become enthusiastic buyers of stock, using “margin,” or borrowed money, to finance their purchases. Thus, when the market dropped sharply – in an era when stock prices were not instantaneously known – the public lost most of their savings. This lead to the Great Depression and, eventually, to reforms such as the formation of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Sept. 17, 2001. After the 9/11 attacks, the markets were closed for three days. When they reopened, investors were unsure of what the attack might mean to consumers. Would they stop buying cars and houses? Would the US economy go into a recession?
The market decline that day of 684 points, or about 7.1 percent, was part of a larger decline of about 20 percent over a month. By March 2002, it had made back all the losses. But then the Enron scandal hit and the so-called “Internet bubble” exploded, resulting in a two-year stock-market decline. The economy slipped into recession.
The financial market debacle of late 2008. The stock market had some bad days as the housing bubble burst and the entire financial system seemed to be on the verge of collapse. On Sept. 29, 2008, the Dow fell 777.68 points, or 6.98 percent. On Oct. 9, it dropped another 678 points, or 7.33 percent. Then, on Dec. 1 it lost another 679.95 points, or 7.7 percent. The economy went into a recession in December 2007, which lasted until June 2009.
The current drop in the market totals 1,147 points between last Thursday and the market close on Monday. What makes this decline unusual, says Dickson, is that it is related to politics, not necessarily economics. For example, on Friday Standard & Poor's, in lowering the debt rating of the US government from AAA to AA+, cited Washington's dysfunctional and inadequate handling of the debt ceiling extension.
“This time the economy is not in recession, or at least the classic signs of a recession are not there,” he says. “This is one of the first declines due to political problems,” he says, recalling that the last time the stock market had a hiccup due to politics was 1973-74 in the wake of the Watergate scandal.
“That was the last major crisis of confidence due to political problems,” Dickson says.
However, Frank Fantozzi, chief investment strategist at Planned Financial Services in Cleveland, says he would “have no qualms” asserting that the stock market had crashed over the past three trading days. He blames “some unique” events that took place in the short term, causing investors to sell off stocks. For example, there are still concerns over the sovereign debt of some European nations. Because many banks own that debt, concerns have again surfaced about the viability of the banking system. The “debt ceiling debacle” did little to calm investors' nerves, he adds.
Nonetheless, Mr. Fantozzi sees the market as “close to bottoming out” once investors have a chance to do a deeper analysis. “I think tomorrow will be a big buy-back day,” he says.
Kraków, Poland – There is a lot of common ground between Kurds and Jews, says one Jewish academic who believes an independent Kurdistan will be established in the near future.
Jonathan Ornstein, Executive Director of the Jewish Community Centers (JCC) in the Polish city of Kraków, speaks enthusiastically about relations between Jewish and Kurdish parties, two groups who have suffered repression due to being stateless. “This is an important and common point in the relations between the Kurds and the Jews,” he said.The JCC works serves the needs of the Jewish community in Poland, where Jews faced mass extermination by the Nazis during the Second World War.Ornstein thinks that relations between Kurds and Jews are based on strong common ground, with the two having common enemies he said, adding, “I believe we will see an independent Kurdistan in the near future.”Israeli pro-Kurdish rhetoric often irritates the four countries which control Kurdish lands – Iraq, Iran, Syria and Turkey.Two years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared his country's support for an independent Kurdistan. He argued that the Kurdish state would contribute to an alliance of moderate powers in the Middle East.In January this year, Israel's Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked echoed the support for an independent Kurdistan. “We must openly call for the establishment of a Kurdish state that separates Iran from Turkey, one which will be friendly towards Israel,” she said.“The Kurdish people are a partner for the Israeli people,” she added. “It is time to help them.”Jews declared the State of Israel in 1948 under uncertain circumstances and quickly came into conflict with neighbouring Arab countries.“I think founding a Kurdish state is easier compared to the establishment of the Jewish State,” Ornstein predicted. “You need support, just like the support which the United States provided to Israel. I hope that the US would do the same for you.”“If you look back on 200 years ago, those who have endeavored to achieve independence have done so. That is why it is not impossible for Kurds to achieve independence.”Ornstein said that American Jews care about the Kurdish question. “Large numbers of Jews in the US are trying to forge relations with the Kurds. They know about the Kurdistan Region and are watching the war that has engulfed Iraq.”Ornstein is acquainted with Kurds from all four parts of Kurdistan. He is unhappy about the deadlocked political process which has anchored the Kurdistan Region for over a year. “The continuation of these disagreements will be distancing the Kurds from reaching their objectives,” he said.
While most of us can only dream of owning the fastest car in the world, some will do whatever it takes to possess one.
Here are 10 of the fastest street legal cars available in the market (production models, as opposed to concept or modified cars) these are tested, measured and verified top speeds (theoretical speeds do not count).
World's Fastest Cars:
1. Hennessey Venom GT: 270 mph (435 km/h), 0-60 mph in 2.5 seconds, has a 7.0 liter LS7 Turbocharged V8 Twin Turbo V8 Engine producing 1244 hp, with a price tag of $1,000,000 and up. The Venom GT is the fastest car in the world when tested again on February 14th, 2014 at NASA runway in Florida. The track was only 3.22 miles long, thus limiting it top speed to 270 mph. Congratulations!
2. Bugatti Veyron Super Sport: 268 mph (431 km/h), 0-60 in 2.4 secs. Aluminum, Narrow Angle 8 Liter W16 Engine with 1200 hp, base price is $2,400,000. After being the fastest car in the world for over 3 years from July 10, 2010, it is now in 2nd place as of February 14, 2014. In the past, the Bugatti Veyron lost the title to SSC Ultimate Aero on March 2007. However, Bugatti challenged the record in Germany on July 10, 2010 with the new Super Sport and reclaimed the title of the fastest car in the world at 268 mph. The original Bugatti Veyron had a top speed of 253 mph, priced at $1,700,000 with 1001 hp.
3. Koenigsegg Agera R: 260 mph (418 km/h), 0-60 mph in 2.9 secs. 5.0-liter V8 Engine with twin turboâ€™s, housing 1099 hp. Base price is $1,600,000. If you're into snow sports, the Agera R can be fitted with a Ski Box as well as winter tires. While the Agera R has a massive theoretical top speed, the current tested top speed is 260 mph. Expect this snow car to be the Bugatti's arch enemy for the next 5 years.
There is a tie for #4.
4. SSC Ultimate Aero: 257 mph (413 km/h), 0-60 in 2.7 secs. Twin-Turbo V8 Engine with 1183 hp, base price is $654,400. Tested in March 2007 by Guinness World Records, The SSC Ultimate Aero was the fastest car in the world from March 2007 to July 2010. Shelby SuperCars will continue their quest to reclaim the fastest car title, and their new SSC Tuatura might do the job (we'll just have to wait).
4. 9ff GT9-R: 257 mph (413 km/h), 0-60 in 2.9 secs. The 4.0 Liter flat-6 Twin-Turbo Engine with 1120 hp, comes with a base price of $695,000. Based on the Porsche 911, the 9ff GT9-R 1120 hp versions is limited to 20 units and the exterior may be modified to suit the owner.
5. Saleen S7 Twin-Turbo: 248 mph (399 km/h), 0-60 in 2.8 secs. Twin Turbo All Aluminum V8 Engine with 750 hp, base price is $555,000. Smooth and bad-ass. It will make you want to show it off non-stop.
6. Koenigsegg CCX: 245 mph (394 km/h), 0-60 in 3.2 secs. 90 Degree V8 Engine 806 hp, base price is $545,568. Made in Sweden, it is the older brother of the Agera R, only losing to 6 other supercars in the world.
7. McLaren F1: 240 mph (386 km/h), 0-60 in 3.2 secs. BMW S70/2 60 Degree V12 Engine with 627 hp, base price is $970,000. The fastest car in the 20th century with doors that looks like bat wings. Maybe Batman needs to order one and paint it black
8. Zenvo ST1: 233 mph (374 km/h), 0-60 in 2.9 secs. Twin-Charged 7.0 liter V8 Engine forging 1,104 hp. Base price: $1,225,000. The first Supercar from Zenvo Automotive, a Danish sports car company in pursuit of speed and perfection. This 100% Danish made supercar is limited to 15 units and the company even promised "flying doctors" to keep your baby functioning.
9. Pagani Huayra: 230 mph (370 km/h), 0-60 in 3.0 secs. Twin TurboCharged 6.0 liter V12 Engine from Mercedes-AMG. It pumps out 720 horsepower to go with its 738 lb ft of torque. It comes with a seven speed auto-manual transmission. Pagani gives the name after the legendary Incan god of wind, Huayra-tata. The starting price is at Â£849,000, or $1,273,500.
Two at 10th place at 225 mph.
10. Gumpert Apollo: 225 mph (362 km/h), 0-60 in 3.0 secs, 4.2 liter V8 Engine that houses 650 hp. Base price: $450,000. Gumpert claims that the Apollo was designed such that it could drive upside-down in a tunnel with speeds at 190 mph or above. Of course, no one has tested this yet.
10. Noble M600: 225 mph (362 km/h), 0-60 in 3.7 secs. Twin-turbocharged 4.4-liter V8 Engine with 650 hp. Base price is $330,000. The Noble M600 also happens to be a very cool car. Its inconspicuous design sports a slender and contoured body which does not scream out for attention at every second of the day.
The Arizona Republic-12 News Breaking News Team Thu Oct 18, 2012 4:45 PM
An overnight prank on the ASU campus might have left some Sun Devil fans green with envy.
As the sun rose Thursday morning, the giant A on "A" Mountain near Sun Devil Stadium didn't look quite the same. University of Oregon fans painted the campus symbol green. ASU students had painted it black for Thursday's "blackout" game with the Ducks.
ASU students said the A was still black at about 3 a.m. but that Oregon fans made their way through ASU students guarding the mountain a couple hours before sunrise. ASU students have guarded the mountain in the past before games with rivals. ASU students made sure the A was back in black by 9 a.m.
Meanwhile, ASU students camped out overnight at the stadium to get tickets for the highly anticipated football game against Oregon.
Tyler Bell, an ASU student from Oregon, said he did not care for the prank. "I can't wait for ASU to crush the ducks," he said.
"This means war," another ASU student screamed from the crowd.
The game has spurred a mascot rivarly between the two schools with videos circulating the Internet.
The game kicks off at 6 p.m. Thursday at the Sun Devil Stadium. The game will be featured on ESPN.
In late November 2009, University of Arizona fans painted the A red several days before a Saturday game at ASU.
There was no clear winner in the election debate but NDP Leader Andrea Horwath surprised viewers with her performance and has the most momentum, according to a new Angus Reid poll conducted for the Star. The next few days are crucial if the New Democrats are to translate her positive impressions — particularly with women — into votes before the Oct. 6 election, Angus Reid vice-president Jaideep Mukerji said Wednesday.
The next few days are crucial if the New Democrats are to translate Andrea Horwath positive impressions — particularly with women — into votes before the Oct. 6 election. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“It'll be contingent on what she's able to do after the debate. She has a small window of opportunity to make gains.” Reinforcing what has been a tight race that so far suggests a minority government looms, the poll found neither Horwath, Liberal Leader Dalton McGuinty nor Conservative Tim Hudak had strong enough performances to change voters' minds outright. “There wasn't a sense any (leader) screwed up,” said Mukerji. “But Andrea Horwath drew some attention to herself in a positive way. I think she surprised people.”
Article Continued Below
The NDP leader had performed poorly in last Friday's northern Ontario debate in Thunder Bay, but appeared to shake off the jitters and was more confident Tuesday. The poll, which surveyed 1,000 people online after the debate Tuesday and into Wednesday, found 29 per cent of respondents picked McGuinty as the best performer, 27 per cent chose Hudak, 24 per cent picked Horwath and the rest were not sure. Angus Reid said the results are considered accurate within 3.1 percentage points, 19 times out of 20. Almost one in five — 17 per cent — watched the full 90 minutes, 31 per cent caught parts and 52 per cent didn't tune in. An added feature of the poll using a tool called ReactionPlus showed respondents video clips of all three leaders in the debate and let them press buttons while listening to their closing statements to register their gut reactions under 11 categories: curious, engaged, interested, excited, confused, bored, informed, annoyed, happy, disturbed or tuned out. While Horwath was not seen as a “strong and decisive leader” to the extent of her two male rivals — particularly McGuinty — she came out ahead on being the most honest, trustworthy, understanding and believable.
“She doesn't annoy people,” Mukerji said. “It's trust. They don't see her as a decisive leader yet but they feel she's more in tune” — particularly on health care. Many respondents pressed the “annoyed” and “disturbed” buttons when McGuinty mentioned the economy has turned the corner after the 2008 recession that saw a heavy loss of manufacturing jobs and rising unemployment, which has since come down, said Mukerji.
Article Continued Below
“It does more than just annoy them, it disturbs them,” he added, noting this means some people strongly took exception to that portion of McGuinty's remarks as he asked voters for a third term in office. But Liberal supporters, not surprisingly, were fine. “He held his base. People really liked or hated what he was saying,” Mukerji said. For Hudak's closing statement, there was a spike in respondents pressing the “annoyed” button as the rookie leader asked viewers if they felt they could afford another four years of McGuinty in power — but that was not a sign of hostility toward the Tories. “It's almost like people were agreeing with him,” said Mukerji. “When he moves to more positive topics, the annoyance level drops.” Hudak's attacks on McGuinty's sudden promise last weekend to scrap and move a Mississauga natural gas power plant — in a riding the Liberals are at risk of losing — were “not a convincing win,” Mukerji added. “He (Hudak) didn't do too bad in any of this but he didn't come out the winner, which is what he needed to do.” Horwath's closing statement, which included her plea not to vote for “the same old suits,” shows her scoring high in curiosity, engagement and interest throughout. “Men weren't nearly as interested as women were,” Mukerji noted. The poll suggests Conservative-leaning voters are more likely to start thinking about a move to Horwath than Liberals by a margin of five to one. “But there's a long way between saying that and voting,” Mukerji cautioned. Asked about their own performances after the debate, all three leaders said they did well. “It was a great chance to show that we have a positive, forward-looking plan while they keep putting forward negativity,” McGuinty told reporters after a massive rally in Toronto. Horwath had a breakfast rally in Davenport, a Liberal riding up for grabs following the retirement of veteran MPP Tony Ruprecht. “I think that last night we hit a home run. I can feel our momentum from one end of the province to the other,” she told about 100 enthusiastic supporters at Lula Lounge on Dundas St. West. Hudak said he's “feeling good about the way things are going” in the campaign, where a poll and seat projection last weekend showed his party is poised to gain about 20 ridings, which would still leave the Conservatives short of the 54 seats needed for a majority. With files from Richard J. Brennan, Robert Benzie and Tanya Talaga. How ReactionPlus works: ReactionPlus is a web-based media screening platform used by Angus Reid Public Opinion and designed by Vision Critical to allow researchers to capture responses to audio and video content. Instead of relying on traditional dials, where respondents merely like or dislike what they hear and see, ReactionPlus allows participants to choose their emotional reactions as they happen, on a second-by-second basis, allowing for a profound examination of audience responses to drivers such as boredom, confusion, annoyance and intrigue.
Read more about:
The city of San Antonio will file a lawsuit Thursday challenging Senate Bill 4, the recently signed law that will punish local governments like San Antonio that have policies preventing law enforcement officers from asking about immigration status.
The lawsuit will be filed on behalf of the city by the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, District 4 Councilman Rey Saldaña's office said Wednesday.
The state law, which takes effect in September, creates fines for local governments that prevent police from asking about immigration status and a process to remove officials who enforce similar policies. San Antonio police are directed to not ask about immigration status.
Police Chief William McManus has said his department cooperates with immigration authorities in other ways, including allowing deportation officers into the city's detention center.
Last week, the city of El Paso sued the state over the law, asking a judge to declare it unconstitutional. Austin's City Council approved a similar lawsuit last week, and the small border city of El Cenizo sued the state May 8, the day after Gov. Greg Abbott signed the bill into law.
Earlier that day, Attorney General Ken Paxton filed a pre-emptive lawsuit against the city of Austin, Travis County and MALDEF asking for a declaratory judgment that the law is constitutional. All those cases are still pending.
“It is my hope that other small and large Texas cities stand shoulder to shoulder with San Antonio and join the lawsuit,” Saldaña said in a statement. “Texas cities need to band together in fighting back a Legislature that has lost sight of problem-solving and is wholly consumed by the politics of manufacturing fear and anger towards the most vulnerable in our community.”
jbuch@express-news.net
Twitter: @jlbuch
Alcohol, cigarettes, chocolates and sweets - The secrets of a long life?
A few years ago I held the hand that had served Vincent van Gogh with the paints he used to create his greatest masterpieces.
AI was at the 121st birthday party of Madame Jeanne Calment, officially the oldest person who has ever lived.
When she was a teenager, she had worked in her father's shop in Arles in the south of France.
Cheers: Rosa Rein, Switzerlandís the oldest person, celebrates her 111th birthday with a glass of champagne
Vincent came in to buy his paints, but she wasn't that keen to serve him, she said, because 'he was ugly as sin, had a vile temper and smelled of booze'.
Yet, as a dutiful daughter, she had taken his money and handed him the paints with which he would create Sunflowers and many of his other most famous works.
I was attending her birthday because I wanted to understand how any human being could survive for such a long time.
Her answer was that it was due to her calmness.
'That's why they call me Calment,' she chuckled, with a twinkle in her now almost sightless eyes.
But there was much more to it than that. I discovered from her doctor that, amazingly, she had never had a day's illness in her entire life.
What an immune system she must have had! It had protected her against every virus going. If only medical science could have extracted its essence and injected it into the rest of us.
In addition to being genetically blessed with this extraordinary defence mechanism, she had also, by her nature, retained a cheerful outlook on life and an irrepressible sense of humour.
She was particularly amused that, aged 120, she had made her first music record, a funk-rap number called Mistress Of Time.
In these health-conscious days of carefully balanced diets, fitness regimes and workouts, it is worth asking what kind of lifestyle the astonishing Madame Calment had enjoyed for so long.
The answer comes as a shock. It turns out that she was a gourmet who liked alcohol, cigarettes, chocolates and sweets. As well as her sweet tooth, she was fond of cheap red wine, fois gras and a rich local stew.
When she reached the age of 117, doctors advised her to give up drinking port and they tried to stop her smoking. Somehow she managed to fool them and was caught by a photographer puffing away on a cigarette the following year.
I argued with her doctor that it was mean to start interfering with her small pleasures, which had obviously stood her in good stead.
He replied that he wasn't forcing her to stop drinking, merely trying to persuade her - now that she was a national treasure - to drink a more expensive, better red wine.
Jeanne Calment died the year after that party (perhaps missing that rough red wine she had enjoyed for so long).
And though I never saw her after that initial meeting, I think of her often - especially now that I am into that part of the human lifespan which my friend and fellow octogenarian Sir David Attenborough laughingly calls 'injury time'.
It's not that I confront my own mortality with dread. It's simply that as the indignities of the ageing process become harder to deny, I find myself wondering about the best means of adjusting to that reality.
A quarter of a century ago, I wrote a book about the ageing process. Now that I am 80 years old, I regret having written that book because I know too much about the physical decline of the human body as the years pass.
Like other animals, we have a built-in obsolescence. As we grow old, the efficiency of cell-replacement declines and our bodies become weaker until eventually something comes along to which we no longer have sufficient resistance, and we die.
There is nothing mysterious about death, it is simply a way of keeping each species genetically flexible. Each of us is a temporary container for our immortal genes.
We come to an end, but they go marching on - through our children - and, in the process, each generation sees a mixing of the genes that keeps offering new possibilities and enables our species to adapt to changing conditions.
Sadly, this system works only if we as individuals are discarded after we have bred and reared our offspring.
Or, as the saying goes: 'Nature with its frugal eye asks only that we mate and die.'
We all have to face this, but it would be preferable if there were a system in which we remained strong all our lives and then dropped dead, rather than slowly wearing out.
What is worse, the wearing out process is uneven.
With some of us, the brain goes first. The last time I saw Iris Murdoch her body looked in good shape, but she had no idea where she was or what year it was. With others, the body goes into decline, but the brain stays sharp and bitterly resents the fact it can no longer command the limbs to sprint or climb.
I belong to this second category. My body is beginning to creak, but I am still working until 3am or 4am every night. Brain cells hate being idle. It is a case of: 'If you don't use it, you lose it.'
If you stop challenging yourself, your mental processes decay rapidly. The very concept of 'retirement' is lethal.
Society should find other forms of occupation for its older members - not trivial hobbies, but serious challenges that require experience and ingenuity. Facing them would keep the brain from rusting.
But if society should change its attitudes to ageing, then so too should individuals. And there are important lessons here that can be learned from people like Madame Calment.
The first and most important one is that she had outlived everyone else on the planet by not worrying about her health.
Until the doctors got at her, in her final years, I doubt if she ever gave her health a moment's thought.
She ate the rich food she liked, she drank the cheap wine she liked, she smoked the strong cigarettes she liked and - as she said - she kept calm.
Had she worried about her health and taken steps to improve it, the anxiety caused by stirring up fears about ill-health would themselves have reduced the efficiency of her immune system. She would have then probably succumbed to the afflictions that plague so many people.
Another important point is that she didn't do any extreme exercise, but she did take a lot of the milder type. She was still riding her bicycle at the age of 100.
When I made a study of the lifestyles of people who lived to be 100 and over, I found this applied to most of them.
They nearly all had a regular, mild form of body activity that kept them moving. Cycling, walking and gardening were three of the most popular - done not to keep fit but for pleasure.
And, like Madame Calment, they almost all retained a wry sense of humour and cheerfulness.
Surprisingly, among the very old, Jeanne Calment was not alone in her love of cigarettes.
The actress Estelle Winwood was still smoking 60 a day aged 100; a woman named Edith Beck gave up smoking on her 103rd birthday because she felt it was time to start looking after her health and promptly died.
It seems horribly unfair, but there appears to be a gene that protects certain individuals from the ravages of smoke-filled lungs.
They also enjoy their food and drink. When she was 100, Estelle was drinking sherry and regularly dining out.
Katherine Plunket, who lived to be 111, enjoyed feasting on game and always tucked in to turkey, plum pudding and champagne on her many birthdays.
The oldest man who ever lived, Mr Izumi of Japan (who made it to 120), enjoyed his daily saki (rice wine) and said his secret was 'not worrying'.
Eubie Blake, a U.S. jazz pianist, said at his 100th birthday party: 'If I'd known I was gonna live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.'
The irony is that it was probably his not worrying about his health that enabled him to live that long.
It seems that if you wish to live an unusually long life, you need to eat and drink what you fancy, keep as mobile as possible, have a lively interest in the world around you, avoid introspection and, above all, do not waste time worrying about your health.
Food faddists, couch potatoes, solemn bores and health fanatics all seem
The Final Call | National News
In Ferguson the struggle continues
By JA Salaam | Last updated: Feb 3, 2015 - 9:26:47 PM
What's your opinion on this article?
Demonstrators converge on Ferguson Police Dept. headquarters.
FERGUSON, Mo. (FinalCall.com) - Nearly seven months since the death of 18-year-old Michael Brown Jr., the small St. Louis suburb of Ferguson still wrestles with many unanswered questions. Is the movement over? Was the protesting across the country all in vain? What's on the horizon for the little town of approximately 22,000 residents, 67 percent of whom are Black? And do Black lives really matter?
What is apparent is emotions and tensions still run high. Recently, over 250 protesters filled a meeting at the aldermanic chamber at St. Louis City Hall to voice concerns on a proposed independent police review board called the Civilian Oversight Board for the city.
The Jan. 28 meeting came to an abrupt close when Jeff Roorda, business manager and spokesperson for the St. Louis City Police union yelled at moderator, Alderman Terry Kennedy for failing to “restore order” when protesters interrupted.
“Can we get some order in here?,” Mr. Roorda yelled at the alderman to which Mr. Kennedy responded, “First off you don't tell me about my function.”
Mr. Roorda then rushed towards Mr. Kennedy when he encountered Cachet Currie, a Black woman, in the aisle leaving the meeting. Mr. Roorda grabbed and pushed the woman down to get her out the way resulting in a scratch on her forehead. Ms. Currie is reportedly filing charges. Mr. Roorda was observed wearing an “I am Darren Wilson” wrist band to the meeting.
The proposed board would have the authority to investigate allegations of police misconduct, research and assess police policies, operations and procedures.
Lesley McSpadden, mother of slain teen Michael Brown, Jr. and her family participate in King holiday march. Photos: D.L. Phillips
It would inspect complaints against members of the police department involving excessive use of force, abuse of authority, sexual harassment and assault, discourtesy, racial profiling, or use of offensive language, including, but not limited to, slurs relating to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, immigrant status and disability.
St. Louis tourism is taking a blow as protesters, college students, clergy and legal activists are disrupting events in the St. Louis region. On Jan. 31 about 30 anti-racism activists walked through the St. Louis RV Vacation & Travel Show with “Face Racism” and “Are you comfortable” drawn on their faces. Some of the protesters held signs that read “White Only” and “No Coloreds.”
Pushing and pressing forward
Reports are surfacing that the federal investigation of former Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson will not result in charges he violated Michael Brown Jr.'s civil rights when he shot and killed the teen.
Marchers continue anti-police misconduct marches in Ferguson, Mo.
The Justice Department report has not been completed, and Attorney General Eric Holder will make the final decision whether to press federal civil rights charges against Mr. Wilson. But activists won't quit pressing for change, despite the outcome in Ferguson and other cities. Community groups and individuals are still organizing and demanding accountability from political and law enforcement leadership. Many meetings and forums took place during the weekend of the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday.
“The movement is not over, we are not going to settle with the way things have always been. We still have more to do and we didn't do a good job. Because nothing has changed, we haven't gotten any of these police officers arrested for misusing their authority; we haven't gotten any policies changed, the system of preying on poor people are still in effect, police officers are still allowed to do what the hell they want in the community and nothing is done anything yet,” said Dauud Amun Royal, co-chair of the St. Louis-based Center of Hope and Peace.
“So for people to be slapping each other on the back and giving awards as if something meaningful has been done is an insult to the brother who got killed. That's why we can go on T.V. and jump up and down like we've done since the 60s. And it means nothing because we don't follow through,” continued Mr. Royal who was attending an event honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. There is much more work to do and “we are not finished,” he said.
Residents and activists vow to fight on for justice and change.
The Charles Hamilton Houston Institute for Racial Justice hosted an event at Harvard Law School Jan. 17 to discuss racial profiling of Blacks and injustices in the legal system and formulate solutions.
Participants from across the country gathered for open dialogue with law enforcement representatives, politicians and protestors from various cities. Ferguson 1000 Jobs co-founders St. Louis businessman Dave Spence and economist and investment advisor Dr. Lance McCarthy, Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson, Ferguson Mayor James Knowles III and Paul Muhammad founder of the St. Louis peacekeepers participated.
The event was filled with moments of anger and tension toward Ferguson officials.
“I cannot quit or resign as chief in the middle of this, because I must have a chance to fix what's wrong, that's my responsibility and no one else can do it but me,” said Chief Jackson to The Final Call when asked about comments during the forum calling for him to resign.
The movement is far from over and diversity training is one of the keys to moving forward but it will be a challenge, Mr. Muhammad told The Final Call. “But if the police departments are willing to allow those of us who are out in the community with the people, we can become the bridge between the police and the community. This would at least start the healing process and build a level of trust between the two,” he added. Police must first engage and get involved in the community and build relationships with the people to serve and protect, said Mr. Muhammad. He also recommended police become more actively engaged in schools, community centers and get to know people on a more human level to develop trust.
On Jan. 18 Missouri Representative William Lacy Clay Jr. and members of the Congressional Black Caucus were at the Wellspring United Methodist Church in Ferguson to speak with the community.
“We need to be outraged when local law enforcement and the justice system repeatedly allow young, unarmed Black men to encounter police and then wind up dead with no consequences,” said Rep. Clay.
Dr. Leah Gunning Francis, an associate dean at the Eden Theological Seminary in St. Louis, insisted that society needed to regard the lives of Black men to be as important as those of White men.
We have to restore the humanity of young Black men, she said.
“We are going nowhere. We have several actions in place to take us from the selfishness thought process and bring it back to the village mindset. We are focusing on awareness, the community, education and the government. We have plans to raise the level of thinking first of the people then we can help sustain the community,” said Jeremy Rhone of the community group Mighty 13 of Ferguson.
Before the non-indictment of Mr. Wilson many groups had hopes of justice to counteract issues that run deep in the city but the unrest increased locally and nationally, said Mr. Spence. His group, Ferguson 1000 Jobs unveiled a comprehensive plan to address the issues.
“We have been convening meetings with leaders for the last four months and understand there is apathy. People are tired of hearing lip service, hence we developed our views that were delivered as such from a wide variety of leaders in the community,” said Mr. Spence.
Faith-based, corporate, community and youth leaders gave their opinions on what it would take to help get Ferguson back on track. The discussions have resulted in what's been dubbed “Wish List for Ferguson.” It includes housing development, youth education and scholarships.
Mr. Spence believes the “Wish List” will prompt more dialogue among all St. Louis region stakeholders, leading to action.
Ferguson 1000 Jobs also aims to bring together some of the area's largest employers to give St. Louis county residents job training, business development, and employment opportunities.
“We are moving towards the poor people's campaign. You are not going to see us just running out in the street to get tear gassed for freedom. We have to make everyday life a protest. We've had demands for six months and not one of our demands were met. None of them!” said youth activist Tory Russell of Hands Up United. He criticized President Barack Obama for not coming to Ferguson like former President Bush went to New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina.
“Here's the same man that wanted us to vote but he couldn't come see the people when they were hurting the most. Then the worst was that we thought there was enough to get a civil rights charge. Not just local but nationally, there were cases that were clearly violations but that didn't matter. That hurts when you have Black officials in high positions of politics but they can't do anything for their people,” said Mr. Russell.
“We are begging an uncivil system for civil rights and an inhuman system for human rights and that's not going to happen. They cannot grant you what you want. They are trying to act like this movement never existed like 199 cities didn't rise up.'
“In the 2016 election we will make the question does Black Lives Matter as part of the ballot and they will have to answer that question,” vowed Mr. Russell.
It has been over 3 years since the last eruption in Iceland. However, there are signs that an eruption might be in the works near remote Barðarbunga. The Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO) is reporting two major earthquake swarms that started up on the morning on August 16 and continue to roll into August 17. Right it seems that there are two separate earthquake swarms producing small earthquakes and has now eclipsed the May 2014 swarm in terms of number of earthquakes. There are no indications that an eruption has started at Barðarbunga, but some roads have been closed as a precaution because any eruption would likely produce a jökulhlaup (glacial outburst flood) as both swarms are occurring underneath Vatnajökull. This ice cap is also the home of the last Icelandic volcano to erupt, Grímvötn. There was some foreshadowing of that eruption before the explosive event, but many earthquake swarms in Iceland don't directly lead to an eruption. An overflight of the area performed today doesn't suggest much in the way of eruption either but the IMO has put Barðarbunga and the area around it on elevated alert.
UPDATE 9 AM EDT 8/16/14: The IMO has raised the alert status at Barðarbunga to orange after the continued and now shallowing earthquakes under the volcano. This suggests that magma is rising under the volcano, which means that the chances of eruption are increasing. The IMO doesn't say an eruption will happen – this could easily end as a shallow intrusion under Barðarbunga – but the heightened alert (2nd highest of the Icelandic scale) does allow for more preparation.
The last confirmed eruption from Barðarbunga was back in 1910 (Author's note: As Jon Frimann in the comments below correctly points out, this 1910 eruption was from Loki-Fögrufjöll, which is near Barðarbunga but not the same edifice. However, these two eruptions are likely linked to the same subvolcanic system. The last confirmed eruption from the Barðarbunga edifice was in 1794), although since then there have been numerous unconfirmed eruptions that may not have breached the surface of the ice cap under which the volcano resides. Complicating matters, the earthquake swarms are not occurring directly underneath Barðarbunga, but rather to the east. Now, this is also not unexpected in Iceland where fissure eruptions of basalt have occurred in places away from known volcanoes (such as Laki in 1783) and we don't have a great idea of exactly what lies underneath some of these massive ice caps. If the eruption is related to the Barðarbunga system, it could be interesting as the 1910 eruption was a mix of both basalt and rhyolite. Not only that, but Barðarbunga was the source of the Thjorsa lavas that erupted 25 cubic kilometers of basalt ~8,500 years ago - the largest basaltic eruption in the Holocene. There are no signs that would suggest that anything remotely close to this is in the works at Barðarbunga right now, but the volcano has quite a storied history of eruptions.
Curious how to pronounce Barðarbunga? Dave McGarvie (an Open University lecturer - if you want to know about Icelandic volcanism, follow him @subglacial) suggests "b-OW-r-tha-boon-ga" as the way to go. Special thanks to Dave for some of the information in this post and the excellent shot of the volcano.
L'AQUILA, Italy (Reuters) - Africa takes center stage at the Group of Eight summits on Friday, with wealthy nations eager to reassure critics they will honor past aid pledges and approve a new $15 billion agriculture program.
President Barack Obama (L) speaks with Australia's Prime Minister Kevin Rudd before a round table session at the G8 summit in L'Aquila, Italy July 9, 2009. REUTERS/Jason Reed
After two days of talks focused on the economic crisis, trade and global warming, the final day of the G8 gathering in Italy will concentrate on the problems facing the world's poorest nations.
Development of Africa has become an important item on G8 agendas following promises by world leaders at Gleneagles in 2005 to increase annual aid levels by $50 billion by 2010, half of which was meant to go to African countries.
However, aid organizations say some capitals have gone back on their word, especially this year's G8 host Italy, and African heads of state said they would voice their concerns.
“The key message for us is to ask the G8 to live up to their commitments,” Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi told Reuters this week before flying to Italy for the half-day meeting.
The l'Aquila summit has produced chequered results, making only limited progress in crucial climate talks following the refusal by major developing nations to sign up to the goal of halving world greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
“There is a bit of frustration because one would like to convince everyone about everything and obtain all the results straight way, but things are progressing,” French President Nicolas Sarkozy told reporters on Thursday night.
FARM AID, CODE OF ETHICS
Besides Meles, the leaders of Algeria, Angola, Egypt, Libya, Nigeria, Senegal and South Africa will discuss food security and farming with their G8 counterparts on Friday, and push their demand for compensation for the ravages of climate change.
Rich nations are expected to use the meeting to announce spending of $15 billion over three years to boost agricultural investment in poorer countries, according to a draft statement seen by Reuters on Thursday.
The text did not make clear whether it was all new funds, nor did it give details of individual countries' contributions, although the United States, Japan and the European Union are expected to step in with around $3 billion each.
The focus on agricultural investments reflects a U.S.-led shift away from emergency aid assistance toward longer-term strategies to try to make communities more self-sufficient.
But the $15 billion fund over three years compares unfavorably with $13.4 billion which the G8 says it disbursed between January 2008 and July 2009 for global food security.
British charity ActionAid warned in a report last week that one billion people went hungry in the world, saying decisions at the G8 gathering could “literally make the difference between life and death for millions in the developing world.”
Slideshow (25 Images)
Japan and the European Union will also champion a code of conduct to promote responsible international investments in agriculture in the face of growing farmland acquisition or “land grabs” in emerging nations.
The summit wraps up at lunch time and will be followed by a flurry of bilateral meetings that stretch long into the day.
U.S. President Barack Obama will return to Rome for a meeting with Pope Benedict, who earlier this week called for a re-think of the way the world economy was run.
Web designers compete to impress visitors with distinctive and appealing visual elements. Background images are one of those visual elements that when designed properly, can create an amazing atmosphere and convey the style the designer has chosen.
In this post you will see how web designers carefully created background images to achieve their goals in engaging and facilitating the design elements and content.
We have hand-picked different background image trends and tutorials you can use to create an amazing background images for your upcoming website design.
You might enjoy reading these posts:
How to Get the Following 14 Backgrounds?
How To » How To: Make the Viget Inspire Background
How To » Create a Nature Inspired Painted Background in Photoshop
How To » Photoshop Paper Texture from Scratch then Create a Grungy Web Design with it!
How To » Realistic Stone Texture
How To » Awesome digital bokeh effect in Photoshop
How To » Abduzeedo Job Board banner in Fireworks
How To » Crazy Cool Vectors in Illustrator and Photoshop
How To » Create a Realistic Torn Paper Effect in Photoshop
How To » Creating Old Paper With Custom Brushes
How To » Polar Lights Effect
How To » Mix Cool Retro Curves Into Your Photographs
How To » Mix Cool Retro Curves Into Your Photographs
How To » Create Intense Light Streaks
How To » Create a Wicked-Worn Vintage Pop Art Design
How To » Make it Worn
How To » Painted Photo Manipulation
How To » Pencil It In
Creating your own Background
“One of the things I've seen around quite a bit lately is a transparent rainbow gradient effect on a dark background. It seems to me that flashy transparent gradients are in these days. They make me think about magic. Today I'll show you how you can create a magical rainbow color flame.”
Stunning Website Backgrounds
Instead of doing your own testing, below are some useful and time saving tools to help you play with web typography and make your own choices by giving you a real-time preview of many available CSS font properties.
SHE'S BACK: Crooked Hillary Just Laid Groundwork for Losing the 2020 Presidential Election (VIDEO)
The Worst Candidate In History Is Back For More
It may seem harsh to call Hillary Clinton the worst candidate in history but even far-left publications like the Washington Post declared Hillary Clinton the winner for the worst candidate award in the 2016 Presidential Election.
That's saying a lot considering there were 17 Republicans who ran and at the first Democratic debate in 2015 there were 5 candidates on stage. We would congratulate Crooked Hillary on being named the worst out of at least 22 candidates but it just comes so natural for her with her extensive history of lying, corruption and just being nasty.
On Friday, the Democrats released a video of Hillary Clinton where she appears to lay the groundwork for a run in 2020. She continued to talk about the election and the need for the party to move forward. She encouraged all the people who voted for her to be activists and to fight against President Trump.
She looks like she may have gotten a Botox shot in addition to having extensive makeup work done for this short video. Throw in some special lights and color editing work in Adobe Premier Pro to make her look her best and you have all the indicators that she is preparing for a run in 2020.
Video
Follow Ryan Saavedra On Twitter @NewsRevoltRyan
Believe it or not, income inequality in the United States is worse today than it was back in 1774.
That's what a recent report from the National Bureau of Economic Research has found. In “American Incomes 1774 to 1860,” authors Peter H. Lindert and Jeffrey G. Williamson argue that the American colonies were exceptionally egalitarian, compared to both other nations at the time and the U.S. today. And their data even factors in slavery.
As the Atlantic's Jordan Weissman points out, such studies should be taken with a grain of salt, given that making historical economic analyses is like “making a messy collage, collecting the disparate bits and pieces of information we have available and fashioning them into a coherent picture,” Weissman writes.
But NBER's is not the first study to contend that income inequality today is worse than before. A 2009 study looking at data stretching back to 1917 found that American income inequality was at an all-time high. Likewise, two historians concluded last year that income inequality today is worse even than it was during the Roman Empire. The study found that the top 1 percent of Ancient Roman earners controlled 16 percent of the Empire's riches, compared to the top 1 percent of American earners today who control 40 percent of the country's wealth.
Waves platform recently announced that it is going to implement a new technology in its blockchain which will enable the network to process “thousands of transactions” per minute. This will make Waves the fastest DLT platform available today.
Waves-NG, the next generation technology, is based on the Bitcoin-NG proposal made by Emin Gün Sirer and Ittay Eyal, two Cornell Computer Science academics.
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
This technology will increase the effective blockchain and speed of block creation, and Waves is claiming that the new speed will be “especially significant for businesses”. It will also allow microtransactions without the delays which are typical of traditional blockchain systems.
Moreover, it will allow the network to sustain high loads like token distribution after a crowdsale and even airdrops of bonus tokens. The transaction processing speed of trading at Waves Decentralized Exchange (DEX) will also increase significantly.
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
Emin Gün Sirer said: “In recent years, we have seen blockchain technology show the world its unique capabilities and amazing promise. As well, we've seen it hit a wall when it comes to scalability. If blockchains are to conquer the world, they need to scale. The Waves team is at the forefront of this race to scale. With NG, Waves has adopted the cutting edge of blockchain protocols for on-chain scaling. Specifically, NG enables blockchains to minimize latency and maximize throughput. The Waves team has shown that they have an innovative platform that incorporates the best-known technology and is ready for challenges of the next generation of demanding applications.”
With current blockchain technology, there is a significant delay in synchronisation between nodes as they are scattered all over the world. This often leads to the occurrence of forks.
NG tackles this issue and allows an increase in the number of transactions per block without increasing the number of forks. Unlike a traditional blockchain, the miner can send transactions that will fill the block only after the information necessary to start generating the next block is delivered to all nodes, and this process is done very quickly after the previous one is generated.
Alexander Ivanov, founder and CEO of Waves, said: “We are very excited to be able to deploy Waves NG on our network. As a platform for mass adoption, it's critical that we should be able to support a high throughput of transactions, whilst maintaining robust security. NG lays the foundations for our next phase of growth and a step-change in the size of the ecosystem we can support.”
Founded in 2016, Waves is a global public blockchain platform, and it had a very successful ICO in June 2016, raising over $16 million.
A top national Democratic Party official is coming under fire for making a $1,000 campaign contribution to a New York City Council candidate who opposes gay rights.
Gay rights activists slammed Michael Blake, a Bronx assemblyman who is a vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee, for making the donation to state Sen. Ruben Diaz Sr., who is running for an open Bronx council seat.
Diaz voted against same-sex marriage legislation that passed both houses of the state Legislature and was signed into law by Gov. Cuomo in 2011.
“This is a career-ender. Blake should be removed. You can't support a bigot like Ruben Diaz and be a vice chairman of the national Democratic Party,” said Allen Roskoff, head of the Jim Owles Liberal Democratic Club.
Openly gay Queens Councilman Daniel Dromm chimed in, “We can't have a DNC vice chairman who says he supports gay rights and gives money to the biggest homophobe in New York. It's wrong and shouldn't have happened.”
Diaz, a pentecostal minister and the father of Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr., is running for a vacant Council Seat in District 18 in the south Bronx. The incumbent, Annabel Palma, is term-limited.
Diaz's filing with the Campaign Finance Board shows he received a $1,000 campaign contribution from “Friends of Michael Blake,” the assemblyman's campaign committee.
Diaz also received a a $2,750 contribution from Assemblyman and Bronx Democratic Party chairman Marcos Crespo.
“Wow! That's great. Michael Blake is a great, respected leader in the community,” said Diaz, who has been an elected official for two decades and is favored to win the seat.
Diaz is known for his vocal advocacy of charter schools and services for the needy. But he's a social conservative who opposes abortion as well as same-sex marriage.
But Diaz emphasized that both gay marriage and abortion are legal.
“It's the law. Let's move on,” he said.
Blake declined comment requests for comment.
Among Diaz's primary opponents include Elvin Garcia, who served as Bronx director of Mayor de Blasio's community assistance unit.
As the finals neared, the bar filled to near bursting. We witnessed so many amazing games! But just as good as the tournament on the screen was the camaraderie. I chatted with a math / economics wonk, who mostly just watched StarCraft for the high-level "macro" strategy. My Diamond-level table mate was building a Diablo clone with StarCraft II's modding tools in her free time. Even before the final match aired, a couple of nearby patrons were discussing a road trip to Providence, RI, where MLG will be hosting the year-end championships, with a $50,000 grand prize. People shouted suggestions at the screen, like "Get Dark Templar!" or "Focus fire the Ghosts!" Gamers filtered in from Comic Con and from an Intel-sponsored StarCraft tournament. Professionals were sighted, wearing logo-covered jerseys to represent their sponsors.
I chatted with people I'd never met before about the delicate balance between the races, about things like "Warp Prism harass" and "Ghost snipes," about other video games, even. I'm not exactly a talk-to-strangers person, not even with a few Diet Cokes in me. Even when it comes to my job, where I regularly interact with colleagues and readers, I'd rather hide in a corner: I find myself at a loss for anything intelligent to say in casual conversation — yeah, the iPhone is pretty good, I guess. But here I was at a bar and I was overflowing with all this pent-up useless knowledge I'd been amassing in a secret YouTube tryst with Husky. And the best part was that I knew about a tenth as much as pretty much every other fan there, and they all wanted to share, too. I was in StarCraft heaven, which turned out to be across the street from a faux-European salad bar in Midtown.
Disappointment and frustration turned into patriotic bedlam
IdrA went up against another Korean Terran, Bomber, and the internet failed. It had been spotty all day, but now it was down for the count. Luckily, a guy with a MacBook near us managed to get a stream during the bar's downtime, so twenty or so nerds gathered around his table, craning necks to get a glimpse of the action, and relaying the action for those who couldn't see. The main stream was out for almost twenty minutes, but the first game turned out to be an epic match, and the bar TVs kicked back to life just as IdrA was launching a huge "Fungal Growth" attack on Bomber's units, which we cheered wildly. A little cheer-drunk at this point (or maybe just drunk), we cheered IdrA again when he expanded to a new base at the 35 minute mark, in what turned out to be a needless economic flourish. Soon after, he destroyed Bomber's army. Our disappointment and frustration from minutes before quickly turned into patriotic bedlam.
NEW YORK -- After relying so heavily on speed and athleticism in its last two major tournaments, USA Basketball officials have put an unexpected emphasis on size in its final player selections by choosing Andre Drummond to fill the last spot on a 12-man roster.
USA Basketball chairman Jerry Colangelo, in explaining the selections made official early Saturday morning, told ESPN.com before the team's afternoon flight to Spain that keeping Drummond -- along with DeMarcus Cousins and Mason Plumlee -- gives coach Mike Krzyzewski "an opportunity to throw a new look at people."
The inclusion of Drummond, Cousins and Plumlee, along with starters Anthony Davis and Kenneth Faried, all but assures that Krzyzewski will occasionally use lineups at the forthcoming FIBA World Cup that feature Davis or Plumlee at power forward next to a more traditional center.
"This gives us an opportunity to do some things we haven't had a chance to do in the past," Colangelo said. "It's true that the preferred style of play [in recent years] has been going small, but you have to ask: Was that by choice or by necessity?
"Early on [this summer], we said it would be hard to carry four bigs, but that was kind of put on the shelf. Certainly there won't be any discussion going forward about, 'What are you going to do about bigs, what are you going to do about playing teams with size?' If Coach wishes to show a big front line, he now has the capacity to do so."
Drummond and DeMar DeRozan claimed the last two roster spots alongside starters Kyrie Irving, Stephen Curry, James Harden, Faried and Davis. The other reserves are Derrick Rose, Cousins, Klay Thompson, Rudy Gay and Plumlee.
Team USA relied heavily on its small-ball prowess at both the 2010 FIBA World Championship in Turkey and the 2012 Olympics in London to win both titles.
It was initially presumed that this group would lean on its perimeter stalwarts even more than those teams did -- especially after the July withdrawals of Kevin Durant, Kevin Love, Blake Griffin and LaMarcus Aldridge.
U.S. basketball officials hope that the inclusion of Andre Drummond on the FIBA World Cup roster will allow the Americans to match up in the front court with international powerhouse Spain, which features the Gasol brothers and Serge Ibaka. Jesse D. Garrabrant/NBAE/Getty Images
But USAB officials decided in recent days that they simply couldn't resist carrying Drummond, especially with a potential rematch with Spain and its imposing frontcourt of Marc Gasol, Pau Gasol and Serge Ibaka looming in the Sept. 14 championship game.
"[Drummond] is a blossoming center in the NBA," Colangelo said. "He's just a kid, but he's come a long way in a very short period of time. We see him as a big part of our future. It's a little bit similar to Anthony Davis getting his opportunity in London.
"Maybe it kind of catches people by surprise. Yes he's young, but a 7-foot, 280-pound guy who can run the floor the way Drummond runs and who protects the rim ... when you describe all the physical attributes, that's a hard call to leave a guy at home."
Even the selections of Gay and DeRozan -- over the likes of Kyle Korver, Chandler Parsons and Gordon Hayward -- proved to be somewhat size-based.
Gay had a minor role on the 2010 squad and didn't join this team until mid-August as Durant's 11th-hour replacement, but he forced his way into the chosen dozen regardless with the ability to play the power positions internationally as well as small forward.
Editor's Picks Fraschilla: Scouting Team USA's final roster Fran Fraschilla looks closer at the final Team USA cuts and writes why this roster is built to win the 2014 FIBA World Cup.
"Rudy keeps getting better," Krzyzewski said after Friday night's exhibition victory over Puerto Rico.
Regarding DeRozan, Gay's former Toronto teammate, Colangelo added: "He's an athlete, he's versatile and he's shown really well. He just beat out a few people. He can not only play two positions but, against certain international teams, he can play even against bigger guys."
The other tough call, Colangelo said, was removing Portland's Damian Lillard from the roster. But as Krzyzewski explained at his postgame press conference Friday, USAB officials made the decision to take only 12 players to Spain instead of flying overseas with 13 and then sending one player all the way back Aug. 29, when 12-man rosters for the FIBA World Cup must be made official.
Once Rose made it clear in the Puerto Rico game that he's healthy enough to stay with Team USA, there was no room for Lillard, who didn't play a single second against Puerto Rico.
In 1966, working for Germany's Stern magazine, Thomas Hoepker was asked to photograph Muhammad Ali. Hoepker flew to meet Ali in London, and later in the year to the US. He followed the boxing star for days, capturing a range of poses – and moods.
Video Click on the play button above the story to watch the video.
“You could not anticipate anything – he was a surprise every day,” says Hoepker in this video, the second of BBC Culture's Through the Lens series marking the 70th anniversary of Magnum Photos. “He could be a different person from one moment to another.”
During that shoot, Hoepker captured what he feels to be one of his greatest shots – an iconic image of the world boxing champion showing off his right fist. “I had two pictures, and these were the best pictures I ever took of him.”
Hoepker became a full member of Magnum in 1989. Here, he talks about taking that iconic shot – and more intimate images of Ali.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
And if you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Photo: William Luther / San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 32 Caption Close
Image 2 of 32 The Spurs Coyote, Sean Elliott, Henry Cisneros and Lila Cockrell rallying for the Alamodome in 1990. The Spurs Coyote, Sean Elliott, Henry Cisneros and Lila Cockrell rallying for the Alamodome in 1990. Photo: Express-News file photo
Image 3 of 32 In December 1990 more than a dozen unforeseen underground storage tanks and sumps were found to have contaminated soil and water at the Alamodome site. It took 10 years, millions of dollars and several lawsuits to clean it all up. Pictured: A worker takes a dirt sample from the bucket of this backhoe during dirt removal work at the Alamodome, May 6, 1994. less In December 1990 more than a dozen unforeseen underground storage tanks and sumps were found to have contaminated soil and water at the Alamodome site. It took 10 years, millions of dollars and several ... more Photo: Express-News file photo / Express-News file photo
Image 4 of 32 February 1991 February 1991 Photo: Express-News file photo
Image 5 of 32
Image 6 of 32 March 1991 March 1991 Photo: Express-News file photo
Image 7 of 32 October 1991 October 1991 Photo: Express-News file photo
Image 8 of 32 July 1992 July 1992 Photo: Express-News file photo
Image 9 of 32 May 1993 May 1993 Photo: Express-News file photo
Image 10 of 32
Image 11 of 32 Paul McCartney was the first to perform at the Alamodome on May 29, 1993. Paul McCartney was the first to perform at the Alamodome on May 29, 1993. Photo: Express-News file photo / EXPRESS NEWS FILE PHOTO
Image 12 of 32 Crowds fill the Alamodome for Paul McCartney's "New World Tour" concert May 29, 1993. Crowds fill the Alamodome for Paul McCartney's "New World Tour" concert May 29, 1993. Photo: Express-News file photo / EXPRESS NEWS FILE PHOTO
Image 13 of 32 Olympic skater Michelle Kwan skates in the Alamodome during the Olympic Festival, July 24, 1993. Her performance captivated 25,691 patrons at the Alamodome, and they gave her a standing ovation as she left the ice. Several fans threw roses and other flowers onto the ice as she glided for a victory lap after claiming the gold medal. less Olympic skater Michelle Kwan skates in the Alamodome during the Olympic Festival, July 24, 1993. Her performance captivated 25,691 patrons at the Alamodome, and they gave her a standing ovation as she left the ... more Photo: Associated Press
Image 14 of 32 David Robinson takes the Alamodome court for the first time in this Oct. 16, 1993 photo. David Robinson takes the Alamodome court for the first time in this Oct. 16, 1993 photo. Photo: Express-News file photo / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS
Image 15 of 32
Image 16 of 32 Pernell Whitaker lands a right punch against Julio Cesar Chavez during the fight at the Alamodome, on Sept. 10, 1993. Pernell Whitaker lands a right punch against Julio Cesar Chavez during the fight at the Alamodome, on Sept. 10, 1993. Photo: The Ring Magazine / Getty Images
Image 17 of 32 A water cannon, set off by pregame fireworks, spewed thousands of gallons of water, drenched and scattered fans, soaked the court and delayed the start of the the Spurs' home opener for 50 minutes on Nov. 4, 1994. less A water cannon, set off by pregame fireworks, spewed thousands of gallons of water, drenched and scattered fans, soaked the court and delayed the start of the the Spurs' home opener for 50 minutes on Nov. 4, ... more Photo: Express-News file photo / EXPRESS-NEWS FILE PHOTO
Image 18 of 32 The Houston Oilers played the Dallas Cowboys in the Alamodome on Aug. 21, 1993. The Houston Oilers played the Dallas Cowboys in the Alamodome on Aug. 21, 1993. Photo: Express-News file photo / EXPRESS-NEWS FILE PHOTO
Image 19 of 32 The Texas Longhorns faced the Nebraska Cornhuskers in the Big 12 Championship game at the Alamodome on Dec. 4, 1999. The Texas Longhorns faced the Nebraska Cornhuskers in the Big 12 Championship game at the Alamodome on Dec. 4, 1999. Photo: JERRY LARA
Image 20 of 32
Image 21 of 32 Kentucky head coach Tubby Smith celebrates after winning the 1998 NCAA men's basketball championship game against Utah on March 30, 1998. It would be the first of three Final Fours the Alamodome would host. less Kentucky head coach Tubby Smith celebrates after winning the 1998 NCAA men's basketball championship game against Utah on March 30, 1998. It would be the first of three Final Fours the Alamodome would ... more Photo: Todd Warshaw / Getty Images
Image 22 of 32 The Bulls' Michael Jordan drives against the Spurs' David Robinson in the second quarter of the NBA All-Star Game on Feb. 11, 1996. The Bulls' Michael Jordan drives against the Spurs' David Robinson in the second quarter of the NBA All-Star Game on Feb. 11, 1996. Photo: Associated Press / ASSOCIATED PRESS
Image 23 of 32 Sean Elliott's "Memorial Day Miracle" three-point shot won Game 2 of the Western Conference Finals against the Portland Trailblazers on May 31, 1999, at the Alamodome. Sean Elliott's "Memorial Day Miracle" three-point shot won Game 2 of the Western Conference Finals against the Portland Trailblazers on May 31, 1999, at the Alamodome. Photo: Express-News file photo / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS
Image 24 of 32 Sue Bird and her Uconn teammates celebrate their national championship after defeating Oklahoma in 2002 at the Alamodome. The matchup drew more than 29,000, the largest crowd to witness an NCAA women's basketball championship game. less Sue Bird and her Uconn teammates celebrate their national championship after defeating Oklahoma in 2002 at the Alamodome. The matchup drew more than 29,000, the largest crowd to witness an NCAA women's ... more Photo: Gloria Ferniz / Express-News
Image 25 of 32
Image 26 of 32 Tim Duncan goes to the hoop against the Lakers' Robert Horry in Game 4 of the Western Conference semifinals, May 12, 2002. It was the last Spurs game played at the Alamodome. Tim Duncan goes to the hoop against the Lakers' Robert Horry in Game 4 of the Western Conference semifinals, May 12, 2002. It was the last Spurs game played at the Alamodome. Photo: Express-News file photo / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS
Image 27 of 32 Buffalo Bills Willis McGahee scores the first touchdown in a regular NFL season game at the Alamodome against the New Orleans Saints on Oct. 2, 2005. The Saints played four games at the Alamodome after being displaced from the Superdome because of Hurricane Katrina. less Buffalo Bills Willis McGahee scores the first touchdown in a regular NFL season game at the Alamodome against the New Orleans Saints on Oct. 2, 2005. The Saints played four games at the Alamodome after being ... more Photo: Express-News file photo / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS
Image 28 of 32 George Strait has performed at the Alamodome several times. His Cowboy Rides Away farewell tour scheduled for June 1 is sold out. George Strait has performed at the Alamodome several times. His Cowboy Rides Away farewell tour scheduled for June 1 is sold out. Photo: Express-News file photo / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS
Image 29 of 32 The Penn State vs. Texas A&M matchup for the 2007 Alamo Bowl remains the top sporting event in terms of attendance with 66,166, according to valeroalamobowl.com. The Penn State vs. Texas A&M matchup for the 2007 Alamo Bowl remains the top sporting event in terms of attendance with 66,166, according to valeroalamobowl.com. Photo: Edward A. Ornelas / Express-News
Image 30 of 32
Image 31 of 32 Fans cheer during UTSA's inaugural football game against Northeastern State at the Alamodome on Saturday, Sept. 3, 2011. Fans cheer during UTSA's inaugural football game against Northeastern State at the Alamodome on Saturday, Sept. 3, 2011. Photo: Express-News file photo / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS
The 2012 Philadelphia Eagles were a team on the decline. In Andy Reid's last year in Philadelphia, the Eagles went 4-12 and failed to make the playoffs for the second straight season. Reid was fired promptly after the season ended and a few weeks later the Eagles hired Chip Kelly. Kelly went on to show exactly why the Eagles hired him, turning around a losing roster into NFC East division winners in just one season. Expectations were largely exceeded, even by those who were most optimistic. A 10-6 record was not commonly foreseen. Last week, I took a look at how the 2013 Eagles compared to the NFL average. It's apparent the Eagles did improve from 2012 to 2013, but by how much? Let's look at the numbers.
GENERAL:
Category 2013 Rank 2012 Rank Difference Point Differential/Game 3.8 9 -10.3 30 14.1 Yard Differential/Game 23.3 10 10.9 12 12.4
At the most basic level, the Eagles scored a lot more points than they allowed as compared to last year. That's what I call a winning recipe.
OFFENSE:
Category 2013 Rank 2012 Rank Difference Yards/Game 417.3 2 354.1 15 63.2 Yards/Play 6.33 1 5.25 20 1.08 RushYards/Game 160.4 1 117.1 13 43.3 RushYards/Play 5.13 1 4.54 8 0.59 PassYards/Game 256.9 9 236.9 13 20 PassYards/Play 8.09 1 6.13 26 1.96 Interception Rate 1.77% 5 2.43% 10 -0.66% Sacks/Pass Attempt 9.06% 25 7.77% 22 1.29% First Downs/Game 22.2 5 20.8 11 1.4 3rd Down Pct 38.97% 12 37.39% 18 1.58% 4th Down Pct 50% 15t 58.33% 11 -8.33% RedZone Pct 52.63% 18 44.00% 28 8.63% Goal to Go Pct 70.59% 17t 46.43% 32 24.16% Points/Game 27.6 4 17.5 29 10.1
Lots and lots of improvement on the offensive end. Chip Kelly really made the most out of his talented core of offensive players. The Eagles offense had grown stale under Reid and Kelly breathed new life into it. The only areas the Eagles finished worse was sacks per pass attempt and 4th down percentage (small sample size in play here). Two critical areas the Eagles improved in was their efficiency in RedZone and Goal to Go situations. As where the Eagles left points on the field by settling for short field goals, Kelly's Eagles took advantage of scoring position more often. Nick Foles knack for not throwing interceptions (only 2 on the season) helped improve the team's interception rate.
DEFENSE:
Category 2013 Rank 2012 Rank Difference Yards/Game 394 29 343.2 15 50.8 Yards/Play 5.48 20 5.52 20 -0.04 RushYards/Game 104.3 10 126.3 23 -22 RushYards/Play 3.77 4 4.22 16 -0.45 PassYards/Game 289.8 32 216.9 9 72.9 PassYards/Play 6.92 20 7.15 24 -0.23 Interception Rate 2.84% 14 1.65% 29 1.19% Sacks/Pass Attempt 5.52% 31 6.19% 22 -0.67% First Downs/Game 23 30t 19.8 16t 3.2 3rd Down Pct 40.26% 24 40.89% 26 -0.63% 4th Down Pct 40.00% 12t 20.00% 1 20.00% RedZone Pct 53.06% 12 54.55% 18t -1.49% Goal to Go Pct 66.67% 11 75.00% 23t -8.33% Points/Game 23.9 17 27.8 29t -3.9
The Eagles defensive numbers are curious. Bill Davis's unit largely exceeded expectations, having gone 9 straight weeks of holding their opponents to 21 or less at one point. The eye test says the Eagles defense wasn't above average, but it was overall "good enough". The run defense looks to have improved while the pass defense was worse. Oddly enough the Eagles finished very close to the same amount of yards allowed per play. Where the Eagles improved were some critical areas such as RedZone and Goal to Go situations, just like the Eagles offense improved in those areas. Forcing turnovers was an essential part of the 2013 Eagles "bend-but-don't-break" defense. Having their interception rate increase significantly helped in that area.
SPECIAL TEAMS (FOR):
Category 2013 Rank 2012 Rank Difference Punt Return Avg 6.6 27 10.3 13 -3.7 Kickoff Return Avg 21.4 26 21 28 0.4 Field Goals Made 82% 22 87.10% 13 -4.96%
No real improvement here. The Eagles were better off returning punts and making field goals than they were in 2013.
SPECIAL TEAMS (AGAINST):
Category 2013 Rank 2012 Rank Difference Punt Return Avg 8 11 13.6 31 -5.6 Kickoff Return Avg 23.6 19 24.7 21 -1.1
The Eagles coverage units were certainly a part of special teams that improved. Kickoff coverage improved marginally but the Eagles punt coverage went from near last to just outside a top 10 rank.
--------
Verdict: The Eagles significantly improved on offense, generally stayed the same on defense but improved in critical areas, and still have work to do on special teams.
Mom made a load of Sambhar(Split Pigeon pea dal with veggies(recipe coming soon)) to serve with Rava Dosa (instant gluten-free crepes.. yum) and we had a good lot of the dal leftover in the evening.
As we know by now, that hubbs (and me) get antsy eating similar food for more than 3 continuous days.
I have 3 more stews pictures to edit. You wont believe the amount of beans and different beans we have been eating lately.:)
So I asked Mom, if Dad will eat pizza with some Sambhar on it. Mom said, oooh, good idea. Yeah, he liked the non dairy cheese the other day. It wasnt heavy or greasy, so he will eat the Pizza. I said alright, lets put some Sambhar on the Pizza then. Mom got all excited and whipped up some thinly sliced veggies before I could say go. Then she saw some Jalapenos and sliced some too. And yes, she also sprinkled more chili powder on her slices. Those jalapenos did not cut it for her spice level.
Whereas some filmmakers try to put humanity's best foot forward, Belgian director Fabrice Du Welz finds hearts of darkness wherever he looks: an off-the-path country inn (“Calvaire”), the shadowy fringes of post-tsunami Thailand (“Vinyan”), the dark recesses of a homicidal couple's dysfunctional romance (“Alleluia”). In “Message from the King,” Du Welz turns his lens on Los Angeles, and instead of palm trees and sunshine, he sees rainstorms and unsettled scores — inventions of “Unknown” screenwriters Oliver Butcher and Stephen Cornwell, whose ugly and oddly unengaging revenge tale takes the trouble to name its otherwise identity-less vigilante, Jacob King (Chadwick Boseman), if only to justify a title far more stylish than anything it describes.
“The King” in this case is an ambiguous South African visitor — “I have no intention of working or staying,” he tells the customs officers at the U.S. border — who hides his unnervingly violent potential behind a stoically handsome expression. If he really cared about his younger sister, instead of waiting till she'd been killed to travel to Los Angeles, he might have taken the time to call and ask for details about her life. In that case, he might have spared himself much of the draggy detective work that awaits him when he finally flies to Southern California to investigate her disappearance.
It's not until a local Korean grocer suggests he check the morgue that King discovers her corpse, its skull crushed in, one foot missing, or that he goes about the business of tracking down her killers — and trying to locate her “boy” Armand (Diego Josef). The missing kid is technically the son of her deadbeat drug-dealing boyfriend, and his salvation — from a posh Hollywood home teeming with grotesque, predatory gay stereotypes — is really the only think King can hope to achieve at this point. Not that King ever has much to say, rivaling Jason Bourne when it comes to terse, “punch first, ask questions later” department.
After a first meeting with a group of Eastern European thugs goes nowhere, King stops into a store, buy a bicycle chain, and wraps it around his fist, using the makeshift weapon to send his “message” to one of the goons. Du Welz shoots and edits King's violent explosions in such an incoherent jumble that they hardly qualify as action scenes, though he's careful to detail the consequences of such run-ins — as when the director catches up with that henchman again later on, his broken jaw now held together by a plastic brace.
While not as nihilistic as “Chinatown,” the film falls squarely into a clichéd, post-film-noir vision of Los Angeles, as seen in such So-Cal vigilante tales as “Hardcore” and “The Limey” (though this one pays less attention to the city's unique geography or surroundings). While King may have been conceived as one of those mysterious, duty-bound avenging angels who appear in order to deliver a reckoning, it's not so easy to root for such a character when you know nothing about him or the dead woman he's trying to honor.
Instead, we actually discover more about his adversaries, including the suave yet sociopathic dentist Paul Wentworth (Luke Evans) and Hollywood producer Mike Preston (Alfred Molina), whose tastes are so perverse he's willing to pay off or snuff out anyone who uncovers them. Like this year's more entertaining “War on Everyone,” Du Welz plunges us into dark territory indeed, though minus the wit or wordplay, it's a dark and all-around unpleasant journey to take.
And just what is the King's message anyway? Cops, when they appear, are corrupt would-be killers. The same goes for the sleazy politician (Chris Mulkey) who can make people disappear with a golden handshake. Here, in the city of dreams — rendered gritty and impossible to pin down by DP Monika Lenczewska's high-contrast cinematography — souls are sold and devil's bargains are a daily occurrence. It takes an outsider like King to cut through the corruption, even if his methods (which include shacking up with a pretty hooker, played by Teresa Palmer, and using everything from baseball bats to pipe bombs to make his point) are far too disorganized to provide the usual satisfaction of watching a plan come to fruition. He's out-manned, out of his element, and quite possibly out of his mind, and once the dust settles, the only message to speak of was: Don't mess with the King.
Congratulations! Old School RuneScape is here to stay!
After running for two straight weeks the Old School RuneScape poll has now closed, finishing with 449351 supporting votes in total. Although sadly the final tally has fallen short of the 500,000 and 750,000 targets, the incredible passion from the Old School community and their supportive friends has inspired us to offer something special to kick off this new service...
We've been overjoyed by the enthusiasm and goodwill amongst the community since the start of the poll. There is clearly a super passionate group of RuneScapers who have shown that they are nostalgic for some Old School gameplay. As a gesture of our own goodwill and an aspiration for this newly established community to flourish and hopefully grow we will NOT be charging the additional $5 membership fee for at least the next 6 months!
The enthusiasm for the service and positive early start has been great to witness, with many people voting just to help out their friends which is a truly awesome show of camaraderie and possibly unique to our great community. Now that Old School RuneScape has been launched we need to see how many players will actually use the service on a regular basis, should the community continue to grow and players remain engaged then the service will remain as a free benefit to our cherished members. Obviously, should player activity decline over the next 6 months rather than grow we would have to introduce an additional $5 membership fee to fund the on going service.
A small development team will remain dedicated to Old School RuneScape, both fixing any issues that crop up and being available to work on tweaks and changes to the game over time. We remain committed to making Old School RuneScape an exclusively community driven service. You can be sure we will not make any design changes to the game without the community voting on it first.
Starting in a few weeks, we'll have regular polls for the Old School community to decide which changes they do or don't want made, short listed from your discussions on the Old School Feedback forum. We'll also be adding in more of the modern anti-bot technology into Old School RuneScape so we can maintain our stance of zero tolerance to cheating, botters and gold farmers.
Old School Features 0 - 49,999
Votes 50,000+
Votes 250,000+
Votes 500,000+
Votes 2007 server launch? No Yes Yes Yes Level of on-going development X None Small team Additional dedicated development team Cost of service X Additional membership fee of around $15 Additional membership fee of around $5 No Extra membership fee** Level of maintenance X Critical only Basic Weekly Anti-bot & Anti-gold farming upgrade X None Possible Yes Regular membership polls to decide new content X None None Yes
** There will be no extra membership fee for at least 6 months. We will review this again in September and if the community is still active and growing then it will remain free.
If you're a RuneScape member hungry for some 2007 nostalgia, wait no longer! Click here to visit the homepage, where you can log in to the game, see the latest old school news, access the forums and the wiki.
If not, then RuneScape membership just became even better value than ever. Not only do you get access to the thousands of hours of exclusive members content and additional skills in the main game, but you will also get separate access to Old School RuneScape on the same account. Click here for full details.
Twitter on Monday suspended the account of a top official of a far-right British group whose anti-Muslim videos President Trump retweeted last month, amid the company's move to crack down on content that promotes hate or threatens violence against people or groups.
The implementation of Twitter's new rules was the latest attempt by technology companies to crack down on abuses of their platforms in the aftermath of Charlottesville's bloody demonstration in August. Though Twitter's announcement in a morning blog post did not make this connection explicit, companies have been scrambling for months to address allegations that their platforms had become breeding grounds for extremist groups.
Far-right political figures have been criticizing these moves as assaults on their rights to free speech, and some have called Twitter's new policy part of an effort to “purge” them. Among those whose accounts went offline Monday were three affiliated with the group Britain First, including its main account and those maintained by its leader, Paul Golding, and his deputy Jayda Fransen. It was her anti-Muslim posts last month that were retweeted by President Trump, a move that earned him sharp rebuke from British Prime Minister Theresa May.
The White House declined to comment on the suspension of the accounts of Fransen and others.
Britain First also did not reply to requests for comment but, according to a CNBC report, said in an email to members, "Twitter is now only available to those on the 'left' of politics. This latest attack on our movement demonstrates that 'free speech' is only available to those who do not criticize socialism or Islam."
Late last month, after Trump retweeted three of Fransen's videos, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters that his action was intended to “elevate the conversation” about the issues of “extreme violence and terrorism.”
The three videos Trump shared were provocatively titled “Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches!”, “Muslim destroys a statue of Virgin Mary!” and “Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death!” The videos provided no context, and the Netherlands Embassy said that the one about a “Muslim migrant” actually featured a perpetrator born and raised in the Netherlands.
Following Trump's retweets, Fransen touted the U.S. president's promotion of her videos. “Donald Trump himself has retweeted these videos and has around 44 million followers!” she tweeted. “God Bless You Trump! God Bless America!”
Also suspended by Twitter Monday were accounts for the group American Renaissance, which the Southern Poverty Law Center has called an extremist group, and its leader, Jared Taylor.
In a statement Monday, American Renaissance said: "Twitter said it has begun enforcing new rules against 'hateful and abusive content.' American Renaissance and Jared Taylor violate none of those rules. Anyone familiar with our work recognizes that we present our dissident political views with civility. We have never even hinted at anything that could be seen as condoning violence or illegality, nor do we associate with those who do. We've taken special care to abide by Twitter's terms of service–old and new."
[Trump's retweets elevate a tiny fringe group of anti-Muslim activists in Britain]
Twitter Monday declined to specify which accounts it suspended or how many.
According to its new rules, “violent extremist groups” will be prohibited from having accounts on the network. The new guidelines target accounts from groups that explicitly call for violence against individuals or ethnic and other social groups, for example, or make clear that their main objective is to promote violence. Twitter is also going to crack down on hateful imagery such as symbols and logos, which appear in users' profile pictures or cover photos. Users who break these rules will have one opportunity to fix it; if they violate the rules again, their accounts will be suspended.
The company will decide which groups meet its definition of a violent extremist group by consulting nonprofit organizations, governments and other experts. Any individual account or tweet that promotes violence against someone will prompt Twitter to suspend that account — temporarily or permanently, depending on how that user has acted in the past.
Twitter critics have repeatedly called on the company to crack down more on hateful language, imagery and calls for violence spread through its site. But the problem came to a head recently as Twitter has grappled with the growing presence of hate groups on its network — and criticism that it's allowing hateful rhetoric to spread unchecked. After the company verified the account of Jason Kessler, one of the main organizers of the Charlottesville rally, it then reversed its decision and said it would reevaluate its process for choosing the accounts it authenticates. Kessler's account remains online.
The Anti-Defamation League issued a statement praising Twitter's crackdown on Monday. "We have long urged Twitter to push back against hateful and violent rhetoric, and these latest actions are encouraging," the group said.
[Twitter attacked after it verifies account of Charlottesville rally organizer]
While Twitter has not yet announced new rules around verification, the new guidelines do more closely govern what individual users can post to their profiles.
The effect of these rules will depends on how Twitter enforces them. The company did not offer further details about how it will consider these rules in conjunction with its “newsworthiness” standard, which has been the company's explanation for why it has not removed certain tweets from Trump's account that would otherwise violate its rules for conduct.
[Twitter users want Trump's account suspended for ‘threatening violence' against North Korea]
In addition to changing its policies, the company is also changing the way it describes some of its rules to users. The company's “Help Center,” which is the main resource for Twitter users looking for information about its rules, will now also include a “rationale” section that explains more about how Twitter arrived at its policies and how it enforces them.
Twitter acknowledged that these rules alone won't come close to fixing everything wrong with the social network, and even cautioned that its efforts to be more strict could result in disciplining some people who haven't broken the rules in the process.
“In our efforts to be more aggressive here, we may make some mistakes and are working on a robust appeals process,” the company's blog post said, adding that it will continue evolving its rules based on user feedback.
John Wagner and David Weigel contributed to this report.
A restaurant owner has said that she became 200 pound-a-night prostitute after she worked with Gordon Ramsay on his TV show.
Rachel McNally was a contestant on Ramsays show Kitchen Nightmares programme in 2007.
Her eatery Piccolo Teatro that cooked vegetarian meals in Paris was losing around 70,000 pounds a year.
Super chef Gordon Ramsay promised to turn the restaurants horrendous food and bad attitude into a success.
But Rachels eating joint was shut down leaving her penniless.
Gordon did absolutely nothing for me, so instead I decided to swap my restaurant for life as a hooker. We were losing something like 6,000 a month and just couldn't balance the books. It became more chaotic after he turned up, the Sun quoted her as saying.
"He was a right flirt, showing as much interest in impressing me as sorting out the kitchen. Every time we went for a drink or took time off he'd be leering - or moaning about something, she added.
After Rachel sold her eatery in the court she took a flat at Montparnasse.
I enjoy sex and was turned on by the idea of selling my body for money, so it wasn't much of a hassle, said Rachel.
Its a great way to make money. I charge around 200 a time, and getting business is no problem at all. If they have any kinky suggestions, I might charge a bit more, she added.
Rachel has even used her nightmare TV appearance to get business by sending videos to potential clients.
Israeli regime forces have killed 41 Palestinian children in the occupied territories in the past five months, says the Defense for Children International's Palestine branch (DCIP).
DCIP's Friday statement did not include a 2-year-old toddler who was killed along with her pregnant mother when their home was targeted by an Israeli airstrike in the besieged Gaza Strip, Ma'an News Agency reported Saturday.
Funeral of 13-year-old Abed al-Rahman Obeidallah, killed by Israeli forces on October 5, 2015. (Ma'an)
The figure includes 31 Palestinians below the age of 18 who were accused by Israeli forces of carrying out knife or gun attacks, as well as other youths shot dead during clashes.
Bodies of two of the children are still being held by Tel Aviv authorities, according to DCIP's statement, which further insisted that Israeli officials have not opened “full and transparent investigations” into any of the killings, and reportedly rejected several autopsy requests by families of the victims.
Israeli troops arrest a Palestinian child.
DCIP also censured the Israeli regime's indiscriminate “shoot-to-kill” policy against Palestinian children saying, “International law requires that intentional lethal force be used only when absolutely unavoidable.”
DCIP has launched probes into death of those killed by Israeli forces, including 14-year-old Haitham Ismail al-Baw, who was shot dead on February 5 after army officers alleged that he was throwing Molotov cocktails at passing vehicles on route 60.
Infiltrated members of Israeli military forces detain a Palestinian stone thrower and aim their weapons at fellow protesters during clashes in the West Bank city of Ramallah on October 7, 2015. (AFP)
Haitham's cousin, Wajdi, who was with him at the time he was killed, told DCIP that they were not throwing stones or any other objects at the time he was shot.
Palestinian physicians who examined Haitham's body later that day stated that one of the bullets struck his back, pierced through his lungs and chest, and exited from his mouth, killing him instantly.
Wajdi further told DCIP that Israeli forces arrested him after killing Haitham and took him to an interrogation center where he faced physical abuse.
“The interrogator asked me through an interpreter what I was doing there in that area and I told him, ‘Nothing,'” he said. “So, he got up, grabbed my head, banged it against the wall, slapped me hard on my face, and pushed me out of the room.”
The youth was then forced to sign a statement in Hebrew, which interrogators refused to translate, before being taken to Ofer prison where he remains incarcerated.
According to DCIP, Wajdi is one of at least 406 Palestinian children held in Israeli prisons, marking the highest number of Palestinian jailed by the Tel Aviv regime in seven years.
Peter D. Gray, Founder & CTO of Coinkite, talked to CoinFox about using the Tor network for cryptocurrency transactions. The bitcoin wallet and software provider has recently announced the launch of its BitKit API, available over Tor.
Gray acknowledged the potential of the anonymous network as a possible solution for bitcoin users and developers in certain countries with restrictive regulatory environments, such as Russia or China.
“Yes, I do think Tor might help Russian citizens access Bitcoin safely and with complete privacy. We have offered Tor for login and all user functions at Coinkite since summer of 2014, and we do have many users who use Tor daily. However, it's very hard to know what countries they are coming from (impossible really) so we don't know if they are from China or Russia or could be anywhere. I like to think of Tor as a feature for citizens of the world, not a specific country.”
The Coinkite CTO also emphasized that the BitKit API makes it possible to build bitcoin businesses operating through Tor exclusively.
Peter Gray expressed his confidence that Tor is immune against deep packet inspection or other large countries' attempts to block the network.
“At this point, as far as I know, it is likely possible to tell that a computer is using Tor, but not what it is doing. I know that the great firewall of China is unable to block it and they work the hardest at doing that sort of thing.”
In January 2015, Roger Ver also mentioned the Tor network as a means to avoid unwanted attention from law enforcement during his talk at BitcoinExpo in London. He warned people in countries with unfavourable regulatory climates, such as Russia, to use Tor and to be careful of “the men with guns”, stressing that whether to speak out or not on bitcoin issues is a personal decision.
I've long been deeply suspicious of contrarian research that purports to show that the minimum wage doesn't decrease low-skilled employment. But Don Boudreaux explains my suspicion far better than I could:
Has any science ever devoted so much time, effort, and cleverness to
elaborate attempts to determine whether or not a central and
indisputably correct tenet of that science – a tenet used without
question to predict outcomes in general – fails to work as an accurate
predictor for one very specific, small slice of reality as has been
devoted by economics over the past two decades to determine whether or
not the law of demand works to accurately predict the effects of minimum
wages on the quantity demanded of low-skilled labor?
I'm pretty sure that the answer to my question is ‘no.'
I judge from the furious debate over the effects of minimum wages on
the quantity demanded of low-skilled labor that were there to exist
powerful political and ideological forces that stand to benefit if the
general public believes that small orange rocks dropped into swimming
pools cause no increases in the water levels of swimming pools, there
would be no shortage of physicists who conduct and publish studies
allegedly offering evidence that, indeed, the dropping of small orange
rocks into swimming pools does not tend to raise the water levels of
swimming pools (and, indeed, might even lower pools water levels!).
[…]
And so it is with minimum-wage legislation. The strong political and
ideological interests on the pro-minimum-wage side keep alive the
debate over whether or not raising employers' costs of employing
low-skilled workers causes employers to further economize on the amounts
of low-skilled labor that they hire. There is no furious empirical
debate among scholars over whether or not, say, raising an excise tax on
oranges would, ceteris paribus, cause fewer oranges to be
bought and sold. There is no furious empirical debate among scholars
over whether or not, say, an increase in the tuition charged to attend
college would, ceteris paribus, discourage some people from
enrolling in college. There is no furious empirical debate among
scholars over whether or not, say, imposing a poll tax would, ceteris paribus, discourage some people from voting.
Yet because powerful political and ideological interests have a stake
in the market for low-skilled workers being immune from the normal
operation of the law of demand, a furious debate rages over whether or
not employers forced to pay more for labor do or don't further economize
on labor.
Since it's 2013, twenty years have passed since Vernor Vinge wrote his remarkably interesting essay about "the Singularity."
This aging sci-fi notion has lost its conceptual teeth. Plus, its chief evangelist, visionary Ray Kurzweil, just got a straight engineering job with Google. Despite its weird fondness for AR goggles and self-driving cars, Google is not going to finance any eschatological cataclysm in which superhuman intelligence abruptly ends the human era. Google is a firmly commercial enterprise.
It's just not happening. All the symptoms are absent. Computer hardware is not accelerating on any exponential runway beyond all hope of control. We're no closer to "self-aware" machines than we were in the remote 1960s. Modern wireless devices in a modern Cloud are an entirely different cyber-paradigm than imaginary 1990s "minds on nonbiological substrates" that might allegedly have the "computational power of a human brain." A Singularity has no business model, no major power group in our society is interested in provoking one, nobody who matters sees any reason to create one, there's no there there.
So, as a Pope once remarked, "Be not afraid." We're getting what Vinge predicted would happen without a Singularity, which is "a glut of technical riches never properly absorbed." There are all kinds of mayhem in that junkyard, but the AI Rapture isn't lurking in there. It's no more to be fretted about than a landing of Martian tripods.
Expert Training in Kubernetes and Rancher Join our free online training sessions to learn more about Kubernetes, containers, and Rancher. Sign up here
Note: Rancher has come a long way since this was first published in June 2015. We've revised this post (as of August 2016) to reflect the updates in our enterprise container management service. Read on for the updated tutorial!
Rancher supports multiple orchestration engines for its managed environments, including Kubernetes, Mesos, Docker Swarm, and Cattle (the default Rancher managed environment). The Cattle environment is rich with features like stacks, services, and load balancing, and in this post, we'll highlight common uses for these features. Overall, we'll use Rancher and Docker to build a highly available and scalable WordPress environment, then we'll cover how Rancher Catalog can be used to deploy complex stacks.
A scalable system is one that can handle an increasing number of requests without any impact on the response time and performance. On the other hand, High Availability describes a system that is continuously operational for a given period of time; the components of a high availability service often have failover components to continuously operate under any circumstances. HA Deployment of WordPress Wordpress is one of the most popular CMSs out there, and can be configured with high availability and scalability by using specific components including:
Shared storage for the application files: GlusterFS [.]
[.] Database Cluster backend: Percona XtraDB Cluster [.]
[.] Decoupled application Docker image.
Load Balancer to distribute requests to the application containers.
Preparing a Rancher Environment
When creating the Rancher instance, you can choose any infrastructure, and any modern Linux distribution that supports Docker 1.10.3 (but RancherOS, Ubuntu, RHEL/CentOS 7 are more heavily tested). Note that the machine should have at least 1 GB of RAM. For this walkthrough, we are going to use a 2 GB RAM machine to deploy the latest Rancher server Docker container, using the following command:
# docker run -d -p 8080:8080 rancher/server:v1.1.1
Creating Docker Hosts
Rancher has the ability to create Docker machines at specific cloud service providers -- here, we're going to create three hosts on AWS by clicking on ‘Add Hosts', and selecting Amazon EC2. You'll then need to specify multiple options:
Access and Secret keys
and keys Region and Subnet
and Security Group : Rancher will automatically create rancher-machine security groups for each machine, but you will need to edit this to allow HTTP traffic and ports for other services
: Rancher will automatically create rancher-machine security groups for each machine, but you will need to edit this to allow HTTP traffic and ports for other services Name, Type and AMI for each instance (in our case, it will be t1.small)
and for each instance (in our case, it will be t1.small) Quantity of servers
After a while, you'll see your three hosts up and running:
Deploying the storage cluster
This section will describe how to setup a GlusterFS storage cluster. Luckily, there's already a Rancher Catalog template to help things along. Choose the GlusterFS template from the community catalog: Then set Volume Name to \“myvol\” and Gluster Networking Mode to \“container:glusterfs:server\“, which will make GlusterFS accessible through the Rancher-managed network: A couple of minutes after clicking ‘Launch', you should be able to click over to the infrastructure tab, and see the containers up and running:
Deploying the database cluster
Now it is time to create the database containers, which are running a Percona XtraDB Cluster (PXC). As PXC needs at least three nodes for quorum, you'll be deploying three DB containers, each running on a different Docker host for better availability and performance. PXC is available as a catalog template as well - this template will ask for the root and SST passwords; there are optional questions about your MySQL database name, user, and password. The Percona cluster should be ready after a few minutes. Now, the last step to bring up the application is to run the WordPress service.
Deploying the WordPress and LB services
WordPress will be considered a stateless container, enabling you to scale the service from 1 container to 1000 containers. All WordPress containers will read and write from the GlusterFS storage cluster we deployed earlier. The WordPress Docker image must be crafted to mount the GlusterFS storage and then edit the WordPress config file “wp-config.php” to point to the Percona XtraDB Cluster service. The detailed Dockerfile for this Docker image can be found here. To create the WordPress service, add a new stack and insert the following into docker-compose.yml and rancher-compose.yml:
docker-compose.yml wp: environment: DB_HOST: pxc DB_PASSWORD: password GLUSTER_HOST: glusterfs GLUSTER_VOL: ranchervol WP_DB_NAME: wordpress external_links: - glusterfs/glusterfs-server:glusterfs - pxc/pxc:pxc labels: io.rancher.container.pull_image: always tty: true privileged: true image: husseingalal/rancher-wp-ha:latest stdin_open: true rancher-compose.yml wp: scale: 3
The WordPress service has two external links to the PXC stack and GlusterFS stack, and starts the container as a privileged container so it is able to mount the GlusterFS volume. The environment variable, DB_HOST, is the name of the PXC service, and GLUSTER_HOST will be the name of the GlusterFS service that we created earlier. The rancher-compose.yml describes the properties of the containers defined in a Rancher environment. In this case, the WordPress service will be scaled to 3 containers. Now we can create the WordPress Load Balancers. Add a new stack and define a Load Balancer service as follows: Name: wordpress-lb Scale: Set to 3. These are deployed on all Docker hosts for the best availability and performance. Target Service: Link this service to the \“wp\” service Listeners: Enter 80/http for source port and map it to 80/http target port After setting up the LB service group, start it by clicking the Start button. Congrats! At this point, you should have your HA WordPress environment up and running.
Testing Scalability
If you need to scale up your environment to handle more traffic, you simply click the + button for the Scale option on your WordPress service group. Rancher will automatically handle container creation and add them to the Load Balancers for you. In this case we will scale up to 10 containers: You can scale up and down as needed.
Testing HA Capabilities
Our WordPress environment will be reliable as long as the following minimum conditions are met:
There is 1 WordPress container running. There are 2 PXC containers running. There is 1 Gluster container running, and There is 1 wordpress-lb agent running.
To test this, let's simulate the worst-case scenario:
Scale down WordPress to 1 container.
Scale down GlusterFS to 1 container.
Scale down the Load Balancer to 1 container.
Scale down the PXC to 2 containers.
Browse to your blog and you will see that it is still online, and you can login on WordPress to enter your admin area.
Conclusion
Rancher has added a new service feature to make it easier to distribute traffic across different Docker containers. Now you can scale up/down your environments from Rancher UI in just one step, and Rancher will automatically create new containers and add them to the appropriate Load Balancers. This greatly simplifies the creation of highly available, scalable, and distributable environments ready for production use. In summary, we have deployed a WordPress installation with redundant services for storage, database, web application, and Load Balancers. We have also simulated common production failover/degradation scenarios and proved that our setup is fault tolerant, as users won't experience any service disruption.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The diners were struck by the unmarked car after it was in collision with another car, police said
An unmarked police car on an emergency call has crashed into customers sitting outside a restaurant in London.
Two people were hurt in the collision outside Soho House's Pizza East in Highgate Road, Kentish Town.
One man suffered non-life threatening injuries, while a woman was treated for minor injuries, the Met Police said.
The crash happened after the police car was in collision with another car, at the junction between Sanderson Close and Highgate Road, at 19:44 BST.
Two police officers were treated for whiplash injuries, following the crash.
Image caption The diners were struck by the unmarked car after it was in collision with another car, police said
Both victims are believed to be aged in their 30s, police said.
Freelance newsreader Zora Suleman tweeted: "One minute everyone was chatting and drinking next sirens then a huge bang and ppl screaming."
The other vehicle involved stopped at the scene and the driver are assisting police with their inquiries, the Met said.
No arrests have been made, and local road closures are in place.
"As a matter of course, this incident has been referred to the Met's Directorate of Professional Standards," the Met confirmed.
Twenty years on and it's still hard to separate Pulp Fiction the film and “Pulp Fiction” the pop culture phenomenon. 1994 was the year when Pulp Fiction stormed its way to the Palme d'Or at Cannes and sent the American public into raptures. Everybody wanted to see the film that saw John Travolta and Uma Thurman boogie and made a man faint during its North American premiere at the New York Film Festival.
Nobody seemed to have ever seen anything like it. It received extravagant rave reviews unlike anything in immediate memory. No film arrived with more hype and no film lived up to it the way Pulp Fiction did. The critics fawned over Quentin Tarantino, their new favourite auteur, and the masses had been given a European arthouse film they could quote until the end of time. But 20 years later, just what is Pulp Fiction?
It's undeniably one of the most popular and influential films of all time. It's still being shamelessly imitated to this very day, yet Pulp Fiction the film is about nothing, it says nothing and it makes you feel nothing. It has an adolescent aesthetic and some of the dialogue could be from an early draft of Clerks, yet it is just so irresistibly “cool”. Travolta and Samuel L Jackson in matching black suits; Harvey Keitel as Mr Wolf (now ruined thanks to Direct Line); the dance in the diner; Ving Rhames being mean – all so hip, all so enchanting, but none of it adds up to anything. And that is Tarantino's biggest flaw as a filmmaker. With the exception of the glorious Jackie Brown, all of his movies amount to nothing more than a few good scenes, while the overall narrative gets lost in his indulgence. Pulp Fiction is not a good film, though I may have believed it was in my younger, more impressionable days, when you had to like the film. On each re-watch, it lost a little more of the magic I thought was there the first time I saw it.
Of course, the biggest issue with Pulp Fiction is its racism and homophobia. Tarantino's flippant and excessive use of the n-word and fetishisation of black people is well-documented. There are nasty jokes and unnecessary prejudices in this film, but Pulp Fiction has never really been taken to task for it, mainly because the racism and homophobia gets laughed off with a joke or obscure pop culture reference. Hiding nastiness behind perverse laughter is a disconcerting trait of Tarantino's cinema and has only worsened over the 20 years since this film was made.
The critical and commercial success of Pulp Fiction, virtually unprecedented for an independent film at the time, cannot be undersold, particularly in terms of how it changed the movie industry. Tarantino became a household name overnight. He would never have to fight to get a movie made again and he was afforded the most golden of privileges by long-time backer Harvey Weinstein – complete creative control and final cut. For better or worse, it's a pop culture landmark, ripped off and parodied by everyone from The Simpsons to Community. Its dialogue is known by even the few who haven't seen it. It has become inescapable. An entire generation of movies wouldn't have happened without Tarantino and the remarkable success of his second feature. Studios now wanted a piece of the cool indie pie and without Pulp Fiction turning into a phenomenon, maybe we wouldn't have seen the likes of Paul Thomas Anderson, Wes Anderson and Spike Jonze getting a chance. If Pulp Fiction had never happened, American independent cinema wouldn't be the great, big thing it is now.
At my kindest, I could describe Pulp Fiction as an adrenaline shot, an endlessly exciting sugar rush that combines Jean-Luc Godard with American postmodernism, but after 20 years, I'm just tired of it, and I'm tired of Tarantino and how he still acts, writes and directs like a 15 year-old boy yet to get a girlfriend. Pulp Fiction's impact on cinema has been good, really it has – so many young American directors found a home on the independent circuit as the big studios veered more and more towards superhero films. Yet it's exhausting to think you can still walk into HMV and buy a poster of the film or stumble across an episode of Family Guy and see the millionth homage or parody. Pulp Fiction isn't a victim of its reputation, it's a victim of being a bad film.
A treasured classic is revived at the hands at the person anyone least expected.
Jack Barry's big return to television after his career was ruined by the quiz show scandals of the 1950 was The Joker's Wild for CBS. The show's centerpiece was a massive slot machine, featuring the eponymous Jokers. At the time, the reception to the show was positive, and the show was on the air, on and off, into the 90s. Long since dormant except in reruns on GSN (and even in that regard, it's been a while since the show's been on TV), the show's revival on TBS comes at a point in the game show timeline where the perfect storm of “classic shows are being revived” and “Snoop Dogg Can Put Anything on Television” clash together.
Snoop Dogg has said repeatedly that The Joker's Wild was one of his favorite game shows growing up, having watched it as a child with his grandmother. For most game show fans, it's not hard to imagine that we have similar stories with a variety of shows. (Mine is Press Your Luck.) Snoop is no stranger to game shows, with him having well-received appearances on both The Price is Right and The $100,000 Pyramid. Low key, Snoop has the credibility to say that he's a real game show fan, and I think with him as the driving force for this show, it shows.
At the end of the day, Snoop is still Snoop, and the brand that Snoop's built up over the last three decades is a very specific one. Anything Snoop Dogg attaches his name to, from something as small as rolling papers to as big as a lifestyle variety show with Martha Stewart, always has a signature patina of Snoop's laid-back, relaxed, baked demeanor. And his version of The Joker's Wild is absolutely no exception.
If you were a fan of The Joker's Wild, then the gameplay in Snoop's version shouldn't be much of a surprise. Two players compete in a trivia competition. Five categories are loaded into the giant slot machine, along with Jokers. Whatever appears on the board during your spin is potentially in play. In the first round of play, a single category on the board is worth $100, a double is $200, a triple is $300. A Joker counts as a wild supplementing what's on the board, but JOKER JOKER JOKER (and everyone chants along, which is great) in one spin is $500 (and, in an interesting twist, has its own set of trivia questions). Each player has four spins in round one. The dollar amounts are doubled in round two, and each player has three spins. The player with the most money after round 2 goes to Beat the Devil for $25,000. The Beat the Devil bonus round is played with rules similar to the CBS version: spin the wheels and add up the money that shows up. Jokers on the board are worth $2,000, and a player just needs to get to $10,000 without spinning a Devil to win the jackpot.
Categories in the main game lean heavy toward pop culture, but most are interesting. Each category has a Don't Know Jack-style category name that hints at the content inside. Even questions that aren't specifically pop culture-based are usually presented with a unique twist, like Gin and Jews, an entire category about Jewish customs that Snoop invariably has a hard time pronouncing. Celebrity guests pepper categories, with celebs like Wiz Khalifa, Seth Rogen, Kelly Osbourne and Regis Philbin delivering video clues. Some questions will have players rolling a die in the middle of the stage, with a higher roll giving the contestant more clues to the correct answer. The variety of different questions, how they're asked, and what they're about are mostly good, with a few exceptions. In one category, contestants must suss out which Canadian of three presented would Seth Rogen most like to smoke weed with, without any clues at all. It's basically a shell game when it comes to questions like that, in a game where knowledge used to be king, it's like taking a bad hit.
The hosting combination of Snoop Dogg and Jeannie Mai are effective of keeping the game moving and entertaining. Between the two of them, questions get answered, rules get explained and they provide enough commentary to be amusing without ruining the flow of the proceedings. I think Snoop will surprise people with his hosting style, which feels very genuine. He will sometimes have humorous asides to the audience if he flubs a question, or ad-lib with the contestants really well. The boot camp he went through to learn the game (chronicled in a 6-part YouTube documentary) looks like it paid dividends. The set is absolutely beautiful; the slot machine's windows are three giant curved displays, flanked on all sides by even more monitors. In motion, the board is stunning. The set is red and dark and feels like a casino but manages to still pay tribute to Jack Barry's original in its staging and layout. The format of the game, now self-contained into one episode, is a marked improvement to the original Joker's Wild, and is probably the best format the series has ever had.
This show, as a thought exercise, is weird. Snoop is a media mogul and hip hop star with a broad but well-defined audience. The Joker's Wild is a show last hosted by Pat Finn in 1990. The two should have never met. But we're here now, and out of from this strange blending of pop culture comes a show which is very entertaining. The things that the world collectively enjoyed from The Joker's Wild is here: a big-ass slot machine, people chanting Joker, and the excitement of the Beat the Devil bonus round. The weaknesses of the format continue to show up: the randomness of the slot machine means that one player could get a Triple Joker twice in a game and the other, none at all. The Beat the Devil round could be done in one spin or ten. For viewers who've got tree trunks up their asses, the constant references to hip hop, sex and weed will probably grow tiresome. If you like Snoop, or if you like The Joker's Wild, you'll like what Snoop Dogg has rolled up.
Strong interest in F4 UAE
Following the initial distribution of information about the forthcoming F4 UAE Championship, Carl Rolaston Managing Director of the promotor AUH Motorsports expressed his delight with the interest and responses received so far.
“Less than two weeks after the news of the Championship was announced strong interest has been expressed from Teams in the FIA MENA region, Teams from Europe. ASNs in the region and a number of drivers. We have already received one confirmation of a car order and whilst it is early days yet, our expectations of starting in October 2016 with a healthy grid are high” Rolaston stated.
Matthew Norman, the Motorsports Manager for ATCUAE the FIA licence holder for the Championship commented “We are delighted with such a positive response and particularly in regards to the interest shown by young drivers in the region”.
A formal press and media launch will take place in Dubai at the end of January and there will be an opportunity to view the Tatuus F4 car powered by Abarth on track at both Dubai Autodrome and Yas Marina circuits in the week immediately after the launch.
The F4 UAE Championship is an FIA licenced championship organised by the Automobile and Touring Club of the United Arab Emirates (ATCUAE)
Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil was ill before the club's Champions League fixture against Borussia Dortmund this week, Arsene Wenger revealed in his Friday pre-match press conference.
While Ozil was not at his best during the encounter at the Emirates Stadium, the German was still Arsenal's best creative outlet on the night—supplying four chances for his side, per Who Scored.
Wenger, though, has now offered reasoning for Ozil's subdued showing.
ESPN.co.uk provides the full quotes:
He was sick before the game and he was not at his best on the night. He said he felt alright, but in the two days before he had a virus and you could see that physically he was not at his best. Dortmund were organised to stop us from playing our game and one of their game plans was to stop Ozil to get in the game. They did that well. On top of that, Ozil was not at his best physically on Tuesday night.
Since arriving in North London, the Germany international has quickly become essential to Wenger's side during their rise to the top of the Premier League table.
With two goals and three assists in his five league appearances to date, he is making meaningful contributions. With better finishing from teammates, he could perhaps have more assists to his name already.
Having cost in excess of £40 million, such an impact is somewhat of a necessity. However, when Ozil is not at his best, the Gunners still need others to step up and take up the reins.
There is no suggestion, though, that Ozil will be a doubt for the Crystal Palace game on Saturday, when Arsenal will take on the manager-less Eagles side.
It should be a relatively comfortable game for Wenger and his men, perhaps offering a chance to rest the German ahead of a busy schedule over the next couple of months. If Ozil is slightly below par, it may be worth leaving him on the sidelines.
Next weekend's game against Liverpool, as well as the subsequent return fixture against Dortmund, will be the next tests for Arsenal and it is for those encounters that they need Ozil firing.
With Palace on Saturday and then a Capital One Cup tie against Chelsea in midweek, there is ample opportunity for Wenger to ensure that Ozil arrives at the Liverpool fixture in peak condition.
The first encounter with Dortmund is now gone. With three sides in Group F level on six points, Arsenal need to attempt to pick up a point in the away fixture.
On the night, it will be to Ozil that Arsenal will look for inspiration once more.
The joke is over and it is time for Toronto to elect a different mayor, American filmmaker Michael Moore said Sunday.
“It's funny for a while,” Moore told the Toronto Sun about Rob Ford's “train wreck” tenure as the mayor. “And then it wasn't funny. And now it's really NOT funny! Okay, we got the joke. Now it's got to be over!”
Asked if he would ever vote for Ford himself, if he lived in Toronto, Moore said bluntly: “Oh God, no! No!”
The Michigan-born Moore enthusiastically researches Canadian politics and society for his own interest and for his documentaries, among them Bowling for Columbine and Sicko. He feels a deep kinship with the City of Toronto and talked about Ford before an interview in Toronto about TIFF's 25th anniversary screening of his 1989 documentary, Roger & Me. That film was launched at the festival and its success helped to make his career.
The Ford case shows one of the differences between the U.S. and Canada, Moore said. If a major American city had a mayor with Ford's disgraceful track record of alcohol and drug abuse — along with outbursts of homophobia and other issues — there would be a different reaction. “In America, people would get all harrumphed about it,” Moore said.
“It's not that people here are not embarrassed, but I think a lot of people here love the comedy. It's a rebellious thing to have a mayor who is that: He is a complete train wreck.”
But Moore also said he is surprised that Ford got elected four years ago. “The bigger question should be: Why, in the first place, did Toronto elect someone from the wrong party? Someone who is more conservative. This is not a conservative town. This is a liberal, progressive-minded town. It's not a town that lives in the past. So it's odd.”
bruce.kirkland@sunmedia.ca
Image copyright PA
UK industrial production shrank in the second quarter of the year, according to the latest official figures.
Production fell by 0.4%, mainly due to a 0.6% drop in manufacturing output, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures showed.
That was largely due to a 3.6% fall in the production of transport equipment, including motor vehicles.
Car production fell by 6.7% from May to June, the sharpest drop since December 2013.
Construction output also fell in the second quarter by 1.3%, with less work on new projects as well as repairs and maintenance.
The figures underline the British economy's dependence on services, which makes up about four-fifths of the UK's economic output.
There was some upbeat news towards the end of the quarter. In June, production output picked up, beating most economists' expectations, because oil producers had postponed seasonal maintenance work until later than normal.
And although the construction sector had the worst three months in five years, June saw a slight improvement, with just a 0.1% fall in output.
Separately, a report from the National Institute for Economic and Social Research (NIESR) said that UK economic growth in the three months to the end of July had slowed to 0.2%, compared with 0.3% growth in the second quarter of the year.
However, it predicted a "modest" recovery in the second half of the year as a result of improving global growth and the weaker pound.
Gloomy car numbers
The disappointing car production numbers in the ONS data chime with gloomy statistics from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders last month, which showed in car production in June was down 13.7% from a year earlier.
The number of exported cars was also sharply down, disappointing hopes that the relatively weak pound would help UK car manufacturers offer competitive prices to foreign buyers.
That contributed to a weakening picture on trade overall. Between May and June the UK exported £4.6bn less in goods and services than it imported, the ONS said.
Over the second quarter of the year, the trade deficit widened slightly by £0.1bn to £8.9bn.
Howard Archer, chief economic adviser to the EY Item Club, said: "With sterling's deprecation and a healthy world economy supporting exporters, one would hope that the gap between the two will narrow in a favourable direction. That said, there was little sign of this in June's trade numbers.
"A fall in exports and rise in imports caused the monthly trade deficit to nearly double. And, a deficit of £8.9bn in Q2 suggests that net trade made no contribution to growth in the quarter. Evidence of rebalancing, at least in the 'hard' data, remains absent."
Fucking Hell is a German Pilsner or pale lager with an alcohol content of 4.9%. [1] It is named after the village of Fucking in Austria; hell is the German word for 'pale' and a typical description of this kind of beer. The beer's name was initially controversial. Both the local authorities in Fucking [2] and the European Union's trademarks and Designs Registration Office initially objected to the name. It was eventually accepted and the lager is now sold internationally.
Technically, Fucking Hell is a Pilsner and is not considered to be a true Hellbier , as beers brewed in the traditional Munich style have a malted taste and are slightly darker in appearance. [3]
Fucking Hell is not brewed in Fucking, but was originally brewed in the Brauerei Waldhaus, a brewery in the Black Forest town of Waldhaus, Weilheim in Germany. From 2013, production moved to the Brauerei Hartmannsdorf in Hartmannsdorf , near Chemnitz . [3] [4] At the time of the launch of Fucking Hell, there was no brewery in the village of Fucking. [2]
Fucking Hell is humorously named after a village in Austria
Hell, for example, Many German beer brands combine a geographical name with, for example, Rennsteig Hell
In 2010, three German businessmen, Stefan Fellenberg, Florian Krause and Hans-Jörg Schaller devised a plan to bring a new beer to market. Krause was originally from Bad Reichenhall, a Bavarian town only 20 km over the border from the Austrian village of Fucking. The village's name inspired them to devise a humorous brand name, combined with the German word Hell for 'pale lager', and they applied to register a Community trademark for "Fucking Hell".[5]
The European Union's trademarks and Designs Registration Office initially refused to grant a trademark for the beer on the grounds that it contained an expletive.[6][7] However, Fellenberg and Krause argued that the name referred to the village in Austria and that Hell was an Austrian and Southern German term for pale lager.[6][8] The trademarks and Designs Registration Office then permitted the registration of the trademark, stating that the name was "an interjection used to express a deprecation, but it does not indicate against whom the deprecation is directed, nor can it be considered as reprehensible to use existing place names in a targeted manner (as a reference to the place), merely because this may have an ambiguous meaning in other languages."[2]
Fellenberg and Krause intended to use the trademark as a brand name and use it to produce Fucking Hell branded food and clothing.[6] The beer went on sale in Europe, Asia and Australia in 2011.[1]
This is pretty darn cool. It's called Popslate -- an iPhone 5 case with a four-inch E Ink screen on the back -- and it's launching right now on Indiegogo for $79 in two colors. Combined with a bespoke social imaging app, it lets you take and share pics, then "pop" them to the back of your phone. Better yet, the always-on, ultra low-power, black and white display becomes a canvas for notifications, sports scores, maps, lists and notes, all just a glance away.
An open API allows third-party developers to design custom apps for Popslate -- including accelerometer support to interact with the backside screen by tapping on it. Imagine a micro e-reader app which uses the E Ink display instead of the main panel to conserve battery.
The company is still in the early stages of development and sadly didn't have a prototype to show us, but it's already gathered a team of talented designers, engineers and developers. It's also secured a partnership with E Ink to use the latest in ruggedized e-paper technology and is hoping to raise enough funds to make Popslate a reality. Two colors are available at launch (black and white) with prices starting at $79 for the first 500 supporters, then $99 and up. Hit the break for the demo video and IndieGogo link.
Two growth factors cooperate to maintain a pool of neuron-generating stem cells in the brain, according to a study by researchers at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. Numerous soluble proteins and receptors help to maintain neural stem cells' (NSCs) in the central nervous system (CNS). Insulin-like growth factors (IGF-I and IGF-II) are essential for the growth and development of the CNS. But although they are abundant in the brain and CSF, it was not clear whether they are required by NSCs. Steven Levison, Teresa Wood and colleagues now show that IGF-I and –II cooperate to maintain NSC levels and the NSCs' ability to self-renew. IGF-I maintains NSC numbers by promoting cell division, whereas IGF-II drives the expression of proteins essential for NSC self-renewal and “stemness” (via the insulin receptor).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has claimed sex with ghosts is so good she has ditched relationships with men.
Amethyst Realm appeared on today's This Morning to tell the world she left her fiancé after he caught her having an affair with a spirit.
The woman left viewers baffled as she claimed to have had sex with 15 different ghost lovers.
She also believes she can fall pregnant by having sex with ghosts.
And a shocked Phillip Schofield told her: "I could imagine you've got quite a name for yourself in the spirit world."
He had asked her earlier when she had her first sexual encounter with a ghost.
She said: "It was about 12 years ago now, I was living with my fiancé and he was working away a lot."
She added: "I started to feel a presence."
Amethyst says that one night she decided to dress in sexy lingerie and hang around in the spare room, where she'd felt the ghost's presence the most.
She said she waited a while before anything happened and feared that she'd put the ghost off by coming on too strong.
But she claims that just before falling asleep, the ghost turned up and they had sex.
She said she's gone off men completely and has had sexual relationships with another 14 ghosts.
But Holly asked if she'll feel that way forever, or if she may want children one day.
And Amethyst said that she believes she can get pregnant by having sex with a ghost.
She said: "I've done a bit of research into phantom pregnancies.
"There's a possibility that it is a ghost in you but people don't know how to carry it to full term."
Amethyst went on to discuss how her relationship with her fiancé ended after he caught her in bed with a ghost.
She said: "He says he saw the shape of a man through the window when he pulled up outside."
Amethyst said she believes her first ghost was in love with her and says she was in love with it, but that things fizzled out in the end.
She also said she was angry that the ghost had shown his physical form to her fiancé but not to her.
Holly asked if sex with a ghost ends in orgasm, and Amethyst said: "For me, yes."
Holly then told her that doctors say her sexual encounters could be explained by sleep paralysis and that some people describe sexual feelings.
But Amethyst said: "I don't think so because my first ghost used to follow me around the house and lure me in so I was definitely awake."
Viewers were left baffled by the segment.
One said: "Is this woman for real?"
Another wrote: "My favorite part of #ThisMorning is how Philip asks all the stupid questions we're all thinking while poor holly is left attempting to have a normal interview"
While another suggested: "Good excuse if your hubby catches you screwing another man..."no darling, it's a ghost!!""
"a phantom pregnancy?! Just stop," said another.
* This Morning airs weekdays from 10.30am on ITV
A version of this story has appeared in The Mirror.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
The elusive mechanism by which people carrying the gene for sickle-cell disease are protected from malaria has finally been identified. This could point to a treatment for malaria.
People develop sickle-cell disease, a condition in which the red blood cells are abnormally shaped, if they inherit two faulty copies of the gene for the oxygen-carrying protein haemoglobin. The faulty gene persists because even carrying one copy of it confers some resistance to malaria.
Now Miguel Soares and Ana Ferreira of the Gulbenkian Institute of Science in Oeiras, Portugal, and colleagues have discovered how mice that have been genetically modified to carry one version of the faulty gene are protected from malaria.
Their results show that the gene does not protect against infection by the malaria parasite, as was previously thought. Instead, it prevents the disease taking hold after the animal has been infected.
Advertisement
Soares's team found that haem – a component of haemoglobin – is present in a free form in the blood of mice with one faulty haemoglobin gene, but largely absent from normal mice. To find out whether this helped guard against malaria, the team injected haem into the blood of normal mice before infecting them with malaria. The mice did not develop the disease.
Paradoxical effect
Paradoxically, Soares also found that if there are high levels of haem in the blood after infection with the malaria parasite, the disease is more likely to develop. In fact, even the mice carrying one copy of the sickle-cell gene, and therefore less likely to develop malaria, could be made more likely to develop the disease by injecting them with haem after they were infected.
So how can it be that free haem is at once dangerous and protective? Soares's findings suggest that a mechanism similar to vaccination is at work.
The low levels of free haem circulating in the blood of mice carrying the sickle-cell gene stimulate the production of an enzyme that breaks it down, called haem oxygenase-1. This releases small quantities of carbon monoxide – a gas that in large quantities is highly toxic.
In the low concentration found in the blood of the mice, however, carbon monoxide seems to play a role in preventing the accumulation of haem after infection with the malaria parasite. It is this limitation of levels of haem that appears to protect against the disease developing.
Protection confirmed
To confirm this, Soares and colleagues tested whether the gas could protect normal mice from succumbing to malaria. They infected the mice with the malaria parasite and then allowed them to inhale small doses of carbon monoxide – too low to have a toxic effect. The mice did not develop the disease.
Soares suggests the gas – which is already known to have some therapeutic properties in small quantities – could be used to protect against malaria in people infected with the parasite.
But there is likely to be more to the development of malaria than simply controlling haem levels in the blood. It is already known that an inflammatory response also plays a part in the onset of malaria, Soares says, which suggests the disease is triggered by a two-pronged attack.
The overactive immune response leads to the accumulation of toxic T-cells. In another experiment, Soares and his team showed that build-up of these pathogenic cells after infection with malaria is inhibited in mice with one sickle cell gene – although the protective mechanism at work has yet to be established.
Journal reference: Cell, DOI: 10.1016/j.cell.2011.03.049
What is it with conservatives never understanding the lessons of fairytales? A couple of years ago, political watchers found out that while Ted Cruz is a great fan of Dr. Seuss's "Green Eggs and Ham," multiple readings had apparently not been enough for him to absorb its real lesson. Now in the upcoming presidential election, the GOP could get a hard lesson from “The Boy Who Cried Wolf.” Maybe despite their sneering advice to college students to forego liberal arts educations, at least some of them should have majored in literature.
Let us savor the irony. The simple moral of “The Boy Who Cried Wolf,” as stated at the end of the Greek version of the fable, goes like so: “This shows how liars are rewarded. Even if they tell the truth, no one believes them.” After decades of crying wolf over various Democrats trying to turn America into a socialist dystopia, Republicans might finally face a self-described socialist in a presidential election at the exact moment that fear of socialism is at its lowest ebb in decades.
Advertisement:
Much of the right-wing angst about a socialist takeover by the left goes back to the Cold War and the upheaval of the 1960s. So when Bill Clinton ran for the presidency in 1992, conservatives made much of his allegedly radical left-wing politics because he had protested the Vietnam War in the 1960s and later tried to dodge the draft. In 2008, the right tried to make President Obama out as a wild-eyed, radical socialist by suggesting his by-all-appearances-casual acquaintanceship with Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn, who had been leaders of far-left groups Students for a Democratic Society and the Weather Underground in the 1960s, nearly 30 years before they met the future president.
The silly “socialism” smear was also thrown around for most of the policy proposals from the Clinton and Obama White Houses. Republicans damned First Lady Hillary Clinton's healthcare reform plan as modern-day socialism even though “Hillarycare” in no way resembled a government takeover of America's healthcare system. They later resurrected the critique for Obamacare, accusing this centrist, technocratic option of being the first step in turning American healthcare into something resembling that of the Soviet Union. Or worse, Sweden's.
The net effect of all this outsized fearmongering, combined with the economic and social buffeting the United States has gone through over the last couple of decades, is that the word “socialism” has been denuded of the negative associations that scares the crap out of Fox News viewers. Polling over the last few years has shown Americans are much more receptive to some of what socialism has to offer and will not wet themselves in fear when they hear the word. This is particularly true of younger people who were in grade school when the Soviet Union collapsed. In 2011, a Pew Research Center poll found that 49 percent of 18-to-29-year-olds had a positive view of socialism. Considering the enthusiasm of that age group for Bernie Sanders, it seems safe to assume that number has at the very least remained stable, if not gone up.
So now we have the 2016 election where a major-party candidate is running as a self-described “democratic socialist” with a policy platform farther left of the center of American politics than any we have seen from a viable candidate in decades. Here is a man whose activism in the 1960s – including membership in the Socialist Party of America's college affiliate and other leftist organizations – dwarfed Bill Clinton's. A man who won four terms as Vermont's socialist mayor at the same time that Clinton was a rising neoliberal star of the Democratic Party. A candidate whose leftist credentials on most issues are not remotely in dispute.
There is plenty of room to critique Sanders's use of the word “socialist” to describe his policies, which really come more from the social democratic vision of the welfare state and not the “seize the means of production” school of radical socialism that Republicans have tried to conjure up with their rhetoric during the administrations of Clinton and Obama. But such distinctions will likely be lost on an American public that consumes its politics in soundbites.
Which is what makes the fearmongering that will likely be loosed on Sanders so ironic. Here, after decades of flat-out lying about the leftism of Democratic administrations (Bill Clinton was so centrist in some of his policies that some liberals will refuse to vote for his wife a decade and a half after he left office), the Republicans finally have a real-life 60s activist with a long history of arguing notably leftist policies to run against. And they could face him in a general election at a time when crying “socialism” will likely scare a far smaller percentage of American voters than it has in a hundred years.
I come, not to bury Cheever, but to praise him.
John was my teacher then my friend. Forty years later I write early every morning, like him. Like him, instead of deciding what new work to read I reread Flaubert's “A Simple Heart.” I have never let one of my students pay for lunch. Two strong bourbons are now my wild outer limit, unlike him. But that lesson also comes from John. Unlike Cheever, I've never made a sexual move on one of my students, even when they beg. (And lately there's been far too little begging.)
John Cheever, now unfairly known as the gloomy, sodden satyr of suburbia, was at least rarely gloomy. Fact is he was more fun per minute than is legal in a nation this Republican. If his fiction still throws off salt spray and blinding daylight, his company amused, intrigued, specialized in dares. He always wanted to have a good time. “What'll we try for fun now, and next, and…?”
In 1973, on my first day at the Iowa Writers' Workshop, the secretary read from her list, “Go to Room 210 for Cheever.” “To READ Cheever?” “To meet Cheever, he's your teacher, son. The old guy's alive and right upstairs, at least he was a few minutes ago. But hurry.”
I felt as elated as scared. Wouldn't this be like learning to sail a skiff from Melville in one of his rare but amazing good moods? Cheever and I must have things in common. Like him I was a veteran of military service. I'd served on an aircraft carrier off Vietnam; he of course, being six years older than my dad, was “WWII.” I hailed from the Southeast, which made me a sort of easterner. And like Cheever's wife, Mary, I'd graduated from Sarah Lawrence, though not the school she later described, “where we wore white gloves to dinner and ate everything using a knife and fork, including bananas.”
The main difference between me and my fellow students shuffling toward his classroom? I had actually read John Cheever. The two others who'd managed were Ron Hansen and T. Correghesan Boyle. Amazing: nine of our twelve classmates, allowed to work with Cheever at the most competitive writing program in America, had never read a word he'd written. In 1973, Sixties youthfulness reigned: spontaneity sometimes means a lack of preparation also called stupidity. When I asked one fellow student what he thought of our teacher's brilliant stories, the kid, who always seemed to have a head cold, replied, “I don't want to be influenced.” I longed to pat the back of his hand and say, “Risk it!”
We peeked into Cheever's classroom. He was seated cross-legged on a blond oak desk and looked like a Noël Coward leprechaun. Blue-and-white-striped Brooks Brothers shirt, unpressed khakis. John…
“We've been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I'm not gonna crush that part”
In case you haven't vomited today.
Pro-life undercover group Center for Medical Progress has released a new sting video showing Planned Parenthood Federation of America's Senior Director of Medical Services, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, describing in excruciating detail how she sometimes performs illegal late-term abortions while retrieving fetal body parts.
You're not having a nightmare—this is real.
From LifeNews:
The buyers ask Nucatola, “How much of a difference can that actually make, if you know kind of what's expected, or what we need?” “It makes a huge difference,” Nucatola replies. “I'd say a lot of people want liver. And for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they'll know where they're putting their forceps. The kind of rate-limiting step of the procedure is calvarium. Calvarium—the head—is basically the biggest part.” Nucatola explains, “We've been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I'm not gonna crush that part, I'm gonna basically crush below, I'm gonna crush above, and I'm gonna see if I can get it all intact.” “And with the calvarium, in general, some people will actually try to change the presentation so that it's not vertex,” she continues. “So if you do it starting from the breech presentation, there's dilation that happens as the case goes on, and often, the last step, you can evacuate an intact calvarium at the end.”
Watch:
Pro-life activists are calling on Congress to investigate this hellish scenario:
Father Frank Pavone, National Director of Priests for Life, tells LifeNews he is also calling on Congress to get involved. … “This activity violates state and federal laws that prohibit the sale of human body parts. Moreover, this new evidence shows that Planned Parenthood is still using the partial-birth abortion procedure, which has also been banned by law at the state and federal level,” he continued. “We therefore call on Congress to investigate this activity and to stop federal funding of Planned Parenthood. Moreover, we call on the United States Senate to vote on and pass the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which will protect many of the babies whose bodies are being cut up and sold in this manner,” Fr. Pavone said. Jim Sedlak, vice president at American Life League, joined the call for a Congressional investigation. “Given the fact that the harvesting of baby parts is done at Planned Parenthood centers and these centers receive $400 million in Medicaid reimbursements each year, as an initial step, Congress should immediately suspend all Medicaid payments to Planned Parenthood. Americans do not want their tax money going to an organization engaged in the trafficking of baby body parts,” he said.
Make no mistake—this is war, and the pro-abortion propaganda machine is running a full court press against the very idea that women should second-guess themselves when considering abortion. A new (and highly disputed) study released by the PLOS ONE academic journal claims that 95% of women do not regret their decision to have an abortion; the study was passed around and hailed by liberal blogs before being picked up by mainstream media outlets.
This is how they do it. One of the most effective arguments against choosing abortion is that the emotional after effects far outweigh the fear and anxiety associated with an unplanned pregnancy. Now, we have a culturally-comfortable study assuring us that that couldn't possibly be the case—everything is fine. Choice is best. Even Nancy Pelosi hangs out with Planned Parenthood royalty—how bad could they possibly be?
This isn't just a movement; this is evil. Will the world recognize that?
I fear it won't. (Still, use #PPsellsbabyparts when you tweet about it.)
Update
Because you know it's coming…
Before Planned Parenthood pretends Dr. Nucatola doesn't speak for them, screenshots: h/t @back_ttys pic.twitter.com/4i3jx3M88f — Libby Marinaccio (@LibbyMari) July 14, 2015
Planned Parenthood released a statement:
The Planned Parenthood statement is "of course we harvest fetal body parts. Why wouldn't we?" pic.twitter.com/eQ1Vc9Zvd3 — Political Math (@politicalmath) July 14, 2015
Earlier I said that PPFA was doing this for profit; it looks like this may not be the case. They do, however, accept reimbursements for the actual cost of their butchery. Feel better?
Robert Costa of the Washington Post reports:
NEWS: ROMNEY took the meeting… he met privately w/ Kristol on Thurs at JW Marriott in DC. Kristol urged Romney to consider indpnt bid… — Robert Costa (@costareports) May 6, 2016
Romney remains unwilling to run, per person close to him. But Kristol courted him. Said he should run or at least support bid, if it happens — Robert Costa (@costareports) May 6, 2016
Story will be posted on WashPost website soon… Kristol went on record to discuss… — Robert Costa (@costareports) May 6, 2016
While Mark Halperin reports:
On WADR @BillKristol says after talking to @MittRomney at a DC fundraiser last night, Bill thinks Mitt might be open to running 3rd party — Mark Halperin (@MarkHalperin) May 6, 2016
The Weekly Standard's Bill Kristol tweeted earlier in the day that he hoped Romney support for an independent bid could “jump start” the process:
Mitt's active support could help jump start an independent candidacy, both w/ resources and credibility. @BenSasse https://t.co/IVGjENTUJy — Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) May 6, 2016
We'll update this post once Costa's article goes live.
UPDATE:
Mitt Romney met privately with William Kristol, who is leading the effort to draft an independent candidate https://t.co/CyqM3N1ukY — Washington Post (@washingtonpost) May 7, 2016
***
On October 1, 64-year-old Stephen Paddock used his suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas and proceeded to open fire on the 22,000 attendees, who were enjoying the final night of the Route 91 Harvest music festival. The carnage was horrific, with 58 people dead and over 400 wounded. Paddock had no prior run-ins with the law, no history of mental illness, and bought all of his guns legally. He passed background checks. No law would have prevented this tragedy. None. Yet, Democrats still beat the war drum of gun control, still touting expanded background checks that wouldn't have done anything, and now the issue has evaporated into the ether. It's a losing issue for the Left, though they haven't realized it. In the aftermath of the shooting, anti-gun activists were declaring that they would be bolder, more ‘in your face' when it comes to their campaign to chip away at the Second Amendment (via The Guardian):
“I think the public is far ahead on this issue, when it comes to bolder policy initiatives, than the politicians are,” said Igor Volsky, a founder of Guns Down, a nascent group that is trying to stake out a bolder position. “What I want to hear from them is that we need fewer guns.” […] Volsky, a 31-year-old progressive activist at the Center for American Progress, built his Twitter following in 2015 with an incisive critique of the “thoughts and prayers” politicians offer after mass shootings – pairing those messages with a record of each politician's campaign donations from the National Rifle Association, America's gun rights powerhouse. With Guns Down, Volsky wants to put a discussion on gun licensing and registration back on the table, not just improved background checks. He endorses full-throated support for the assault weapons ban, a controversial and not particularly effective policy that many gun control groups have quietly distanced themselves from in recent years. Volsky does not say Americans should have no guns, simply that they should have “fewer guns”, and that guns should be much harder to obtain. Certain kinds of guns, like military-style “assault weapons”, which were banned from 1994 to 2004, “should be banned entirely from the civilian market”, he wrote. It would not be accurate to call his approach radical, Volsky said. “It may be radical here in DC, where politicians are afraid to cross certain lines. In America nationwide, I don't think ideas like, ‘If you need a license to drive a car, you should have a license to purchase a gun' are radical at all.”
Owning a firearm is a constitutionally protected right; owning a car and driving it is not. Next silly left wing talking point? Lois Beckett, who wrote the piece for the Guardian, had a great New York Times op-ed about how the 1994 assault weapons ban did next to nothing to stop violent crime. She's analyzed this issue and even listed a few ways in a separate article on how to tackle gun violence—all of which don't revolve around smart gun technology, expanded background checks, or other nonsensical suggestions from the idiotic Left.
One was to demand cities use a data-driven strategy to reduce violence; boost your state's approach to guns and domestic violence; support ‘extreme risk protection orders'; learning how to identify at risk individuals; and have firearms owners lead the charge in reducing suicides, which constitute the vast majority of gun deaths in America.
These are all legitimate areas of discussion, a rather rational list compared to the things The New York Times' Nicholas Kristof doled out after the shooting, which would do nothing to stop future mass shootings. The one area, extreme risk protection orders, might need clarification, however:
Advocates have launched a joint effort this year across 20 states to pass extreme risk protection order laws, which would give family members and law enforcement officials a way to petition a court to temporarily bar at-risk people from possessing firearms. California passed a version of this law in 2014, after a campus shooting in Isla Vista, California.
On paper, it sounds good, though we have to be on guard for abuse by state officials.
The data crunching FiveThirtyEight site had a great piece about how only considering mass shootings with regards to finding ways to reduce gun deaths is a recipe for bad policymaking. They noted that mass shootings are rare, and that the majority of gun deaths are not even homicides. Another former writer for the site wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post, where she said once she analyzed the data—support for the atypical gun control positions she championed collapsed.
Over 100 million guns were sold since the start of the Obama presidency. Besides showing how Democrats and Obama are excellent gun salesmen, the notion of reducing the amount of firearms in America is absurd. The horse has already left the barn, progressives. There are enough firearms in America to arm every citizen and crime rates have reached historic lows.
Also, anti-gunners, it doesn't help your arguemnt when your talking heads and media allies know next to nothing about guns. Bill Maher noticed this as well.
We can all agree: mass shootings are tragic, horrible events we wish we could somehow prevent, but we can't let Liberal hysteria and misinformation permeate more than it already has.
I leave you with this:
Sky may be heading for the biggest shakeup of its history as it has emerged that the satellite broadcaster is mulling plans to deliver its premium content - including PL Football - on the popular Freeview satellite system.
The Sunday Times, which is owned by News Corporation which also owns 40 percent of BSkyB, say that the Ofcom investigation into the way Sky has cornered the pay per view and subscription market could have some profound impact on the paid for subscription market.
But BSkyB will also be fighting back with a vengeance by reviving its own Freeview alterego, Picnic, that would be offered alongside TopUP TV. However the plans were never formally approved by the telecommunications watchdog.
Picnic was then frozen by the company which resulted in a number of jobs losses with BSkyB blaming Ofcom back in 2008. Sky already has three channels on Freeview : Sky News, Sky SPorts News and Sky 3.
Picnic would add Sky Sports 1, Sky Movies Screen 1, Sky1, the Disney Channel and the Discovery Channel. Freeview is already in more than 10 million households, just ahead of Sky's official 9.7 million subscribers.
Should Ofcom approve Picnic this time around, it could ironically help BSkyB cement its domination by bringing in more subscribers. There's also questions about whether BSkyB may shun its Freesat From Sky scheme.
Our Comments
Ofcom is planning to level the pay-TV market where BT, Virgin Media and Top UP TV are far behind Sky. This could however have some very worrying long term impact for the world of British football.
Related Links
Premier League football to be made available on terrestrial Freeview television
(Telegraph)
BSkyB may put its top channels on Freeview
(Timesonline)
BSkyB: they think it's all over
(Timesonline)
BSkyB could offer rivals its channels
(Thisismoney)
Record-breaking month for BBC iPlayer
(BBC)
Momentum is building to save the Republican Party from extinction by stopping Donald Trump at the convention. Even Hugh Hewitt, who stuck to a policy of strict neutrality back when Trump could have been stopped simply by supporting Ted Cruz, is now on board. Hot Air's Allahpundit doesn't get it:
Who's going to challenge Trump at the convention? Cruz? Romney? What hope would either of them have against Clinton once 20-30 percent of the party walked away in outrage that Trump was ousted after having won the nomination fair and square? Keeping the GOP together this fall would have been hard enough had Cruz hung in there, held Trump under 1,237 delegates, and then won on the second ballot thanks to his greater support among party delegates. Waltzing into Cleveland and having the delegates change the rules at the last second after Trump has clinched in order to allow a dark horse to seize the crown would be out-and-out Republican civil war. The only redeeming thing about it would be watching all of the Trump fans who spend their time these days chanting “Never Hillary” decide that, come to think of it, staying home or voting third-party is better than voting for Ted Cruz as nominee after all.
Much as I hate to break bad news, the Republican Civil War is already well underway. The national socialist alt-right types who actually like Donald Trump and conservatives cannot possibly coexist in the same party, because their values are polar opposite. One or the other will control the GOP going forward. If it is the Trumpsters, the future of the GOP will be short. It would be even shorter if Trump were to win in November; his inevitably disastrous administration would render the party politically toxic.
From the conservative point of view, the 2016 election is already over; due to Trump's media support and divided opposition, we lost. The issue now is whether we will have a chance to win future elections. It is amazing how few people in politics can think more than one move ahead.
By wresting control from progressive authoritarians and making it clear to the public that the majority of Republicans despise Trump, we could secure a future for the party. Losing an election that has already been lost is a trivial price to pay.
If it requires changing the party rules, change them. These rules were not meant as a suicide pact. Steve Deace presents a strong case that they don't even need to be changed if delegates just show a little backbone.
Romney and Cruz are not the only ones the delegates could back. Literally any Republican officeholder would be a massive improvement over Trump as a candidate, because the objective is to make it clear to the public that Trump does not represent us. Scott Walker is backing away from supporting the nominee even if it is Trump; he would do fine. Who knows? Walker might even win the general election despite angry Trumpsters against an incompetent crook like Hillary.
Amanda Carpenter understands:
On tips from Torcer.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Electric Power Co is struggling to stop groundwater flooding into damaged reactors at its wrecked Fukushima plant and it may take four years to fix the problem, possibly delaying the removal of melted uranium fuel.
Tokyo Electric Power Company's (TEPCO) tsunami-crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant is seen in Fukushima prefecture March 6, 2013, ahead of the second-year of anniversary of the the March 11, 2011 tsunami and earthquake. REUTERS/Issei Kato
A March 11, 2011, earthquake and tsunami knocked out cooling equipment at the company's Fukushima Daiichi plant north of Tokyo, triggering the worst atomic disaster since Chernobyl in 1986. More than 160,000 people were forced from their homes.
Nearly two years later, hundreds of tonnes of groundwater is seeping into the damaged reactor buildings every day and mixing with water still being poured on the leaking reactors through a jerry-rigged cooling system.
Dealing with the contaminated water has been especially tricky because of equipment failures and high levels of radiation.
Shunichi Suzuki, Tepco's general manager for research and development of Fukushima Daiichi decommissioning, said on Friday stopping the groundwater was crucial.
“Everyday we have approximately 400 tonnes of groundwater,” Suzuki told Reuters in an interview.
Tepco is building a bypass system to try to stop the groundwater flowing from high ground into the buildings.
On Thursday, the Japanese government told the utility to revise by June its roadmap for cleaning up the site, which is expected to take 30 to 40 years. Experts say it could cost at least $100 billion to close the reactors down.
Plugging leaks in the reactors and removing the water is a necessary before removing melted fuel from the three damaged reactors.
Two years after the disaster, Japan is facing a third year with most nuclear reactors shut because of safety fears the accident raised. The shutdowns have forced Japan to import more fossil fuels for electricity generation pushing it into a current account deficit.
PLUGGING HOLES
One of the most daunting tasks remains the disposal of water contaminated after it is poured onto the reactors. Radioactive material must be filtered out and stored.
Work to treat and store the contaminated water is behind schedule, partly because of the groundwater flooding in. On Thursday, the company announced another delay in an operation to remove most radioactive material from the water.
Tepco also needs to plug leaks in the reactors made by firms which included General Electric Co, Hitachi Ltd and Toshiba Corp so they can fill with water to reduce radiation exposure and prepare for the removal of fuel.
“We are developing remote technologies to do that, but in case there are too many holes and it is difficult to repair all of them, we have to take a different approach,” Suzuki said.
The company may resort to pouring a cement-like material into the rectors' suppression chambers to plug leaks it has not been able to locate, Suzuki said.
“One approach we are considering is putting grout, like cement,” he said. “In other words, filling it in. That would block all the holes.”
Removing the ground water may take two to four more years, Suzuki said, adding that it wasn't possible to give a firm schedule.
Tepco is building tanks to hold the water and has capacity for 320,000 tonnes of water but wants to increase that to 400,000 tonnes by June.
The utility is considering several measures to dispose of the water, including treating and releasing it into the sea. But Tepco officials said they would not go ahead with that without the consent of authorities.
Comcast Spotlight, the advertising and sales division for Comcast Cable, has halted all ads having to do with guns on its nationwide network.
“Comcast Spotlight has decided it will not accept new advertising for firearms or weapons moving forward,” the company said in a statement.
“This policy aligns us with the guidelines in place at many media organizations.”
SPECIAL COVERAGE: Second Amendment & Gun Control
This month, Comcast acquired NBC Universal in a $16.7 billion deal reported by Media Decoder.
NBC Universal had a longstanding policy against accepting advertisements related to guns, according to a report from an ABC affiliate in Michigan.
Gun owners and gun shops have been caught off guard by the new policy.
SEE ALSO: Chicago police chief: Second Amendment supporters guilty of corruption
“I thought it was ridiculous, we are a legitimate business, we have been here for 80 years,” said Tom Wright, the owner for Williams Gun Sight shop in Davison, Mich., after he was denied advertising on the cable company, ABC reported.
“There's no reason why we can't promote what we believe in and something that's guaranteed under the Second Amendment.”
Other gun shop owners and Second Amendment supporters are outraged. One, in the ABC report, called Comcast's blacklisting of gun advertisements a “direct infringement on our constitutional rights.”
"The Spurs are old."
"The window is shut."
These are common one-line excuses I've been hearing since I started blogging on the Spurs in 2004 of why the Spurs aren't real title contenders amongst younger, ESPN headline-grabbing title favorites.
Sure, the Spurs haven't won a title since 2007, but before last year's lockout-shortened 66 game-season, pundits wrote off the Spurs, saying the glory days were over and they couldn't seriously contend in the playoffs and were headed for an early exit similar to the way they lost to the Memphis Grizzlies in the first round the year before.
Then something none of them expected happened. With practically no training camp and a short season with back-to-backs and three games in three nights unfavorable to the “old” Spurs, a veteran squad infused with youth in key starting and role positions led the Spurs to a finish that tied them for the best record and two sweeps into the playoffs, the Spurs found themselves back in the Western Conference Finals against a young title favorite in the Oklahoma City Thunder.
So now, a year later, and yes, a year older, the Spurs once again are out of title talks and many NBA previews are penciling them into the fifth and sixth slots in the Western Conference.
But as someone who has followed the Spurs very closely and who covered a majority of the home games last season, I tend to be more optimistic, and I think you should be too for the following reasons.
1. Rejuvenated core.
Sure, Tim Duncan is now 36, Manu Ginobili is 35 and Tony Parker is 30 and the latter two played in the Olympics, but all three came into a training camp, a full training camp looking fresh and in top shape. As one reporter commented, Duncan looked “skinny” and has worked as hard as ever to stay in shape and seems focused as always. The Olympics definitely add some miles onto the legs of Ginobili and Parker, but as both said, the Olympics were earlier this summer and both players had more time to rest up before the start of training camp.
2. Focused and fueled.
Several Spurs and coach Gregg Popovich talked about still feeling the pain of losing to the Thunder in the Western Conference Finals after winning the first two games. This team is still hurting from that loss and they all seem to be using that as fuel for this season. They will all be focused on proving themselves and getting back to where they left off. The Spurs are also very aware of what the Lakers have done in the offseason and that should add even more fuel to the fire.
3. Emerging youth.
Kawhi Leonard and Danny Green became bigger contributors to last season's team than even they could have expected. Green was Johnny on the spot when James Anderson failed to make much of an impact in a start and when Manu Ginobili was injured. Green was effective outside and gave the Spurs another perimeter defender to throw at the likes of the Bryants and LeBrons. Of course that's when rookie Leonard wasn't hounding them. The Spurs took a big gamble by trading for Leonard and giving up a fan favorite and eventual successor to Parker in George Hill. But Leonard got Spurs fans “over the Hill” faster than expected. He was one of the Spurs top defenders, snared away big rebounds away from much taller power forwards and centers and learned to knock down the corner three with consistency. Look for Leonard to take a big step up this season. The Spurs will be looking to him on offense even more and Green should provide some added help on both sides of the court.
Those are just a few reasons why I won't be surprised if the constantly under-the-radar Spurs make another late season push again. For more on why I think the Spurs could be a threat even in an uneventful offseason, look for my post and others in the Project Spurs season preview next week.
The Spurs may have a tough task ahead with the Heat, Lakers and Oklahoma City in their way, and with other teams improving, but don't be too surprised if they are proving doubters wrong yet again.
Biography
OUTLOOK: Will serve as a backup center for the Trojans.
2007: Redshirted, did not see playing time.
PRIOR TO TROY: Attended College of the Sequoias where he played guard under Coach Curtis Allan ... During sophomore year was second team All-America and first team All-District and All-Region ... Was ranked No. 8 in the nation for offensive guard.
PREP: Attended Hernando High School where he lettered Coach Bill Browning and Matt Smith ... Primary positions were defensive tackle and guard ... High school team won the 2004 conference ... During senior year was second team All-State ... During senior and junior year was first team All-District All-Area, All-Region and All-Metro ... During his career he had 147 tackles and 12 sacks ... Was also a state champion wrestler in 2005.
PERSONAL: Full name is Windham Lawrence Rotunda ... Was born on May 23, 1987 ... Is the son of Mike and Stephanie Rotunda ... Has a brother named Taylor (18) and a sister named Mika (14) ... His grandfather (Blackjack Mulligan), father, and uncles (Barry and Kendall Windham) are all are members of the WWE ... His grandfather also played for the New York Jets after playing football at UTEP. ... His other family members played football at Ithaca and West Texas A&M ... His father played football at Syracuse and is now a WWE agent ... Is a Broadcast Journalism major.
The long-awaited second stage of the Gold Coast light rail project will be completed in time for the 2018 Commonwealth Games, with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull set to commit $95 million in federal cash on Sunday.
In his first visit to Queensland since he toppled Tony Abbott as Australian prime minister, Mr Turnbull, an avid public transport user, will announce the funding for the second stage of the project, which will enable Games visitors and support staff to travel by rail from Brisbane to the main stadium.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull will commit $95 million in federal funding to the Gold Coast light rail project on Sunday. Credit:Daniel Munoz
The 7.3 kilometre route will link Helensvale train station with the northern terminus of the project's first stage at Gold Coast University Hospital in Southport.
"Construction of stage two of Gold Coast Light Rail will provide the missing link from the Gold Coast to Brisbane," Mr Turnbull said.
Return of Pentagon Mercenaries Worries US Active Duty Military
During the time that U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis and National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster are reviewing the U.S. military policy in Afghanistan, The New York Times ran a story on July 10, 2017 that exposed a threat that will upend U.S. defense strategy and return it to a bitter past. The Times story was centered around the following paragraph:
«Erik D. Prince, a founder of the private security firm Blackwater Worldwide, and Stephen A. Feinberg, a billionaire financier who owns the giant military contractor DynCorp International, have developed proposals to rely on contractors instead of American troops in Afghanistan at the behest of Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump's chief strategist, and Jared Kushner, his senior adviser and son-in-law, according to people briefed on the conversations».
The history of Blackwater and Dyncorp is one of heinous war crimes in Iraq and the Balkans and massive fraud involving U.S. taxpayers' money in military forays around the world. After coming under investigation for his activities as Blackwater's chief, Prince, whose sister is Donald Trump's Education Secretary, Betsy DeVos, sold the company and moved his mercenary operations offshore to Abu Dhabi.
Prince's Abu Dhabi-based company, Reflex Responses (R2), has been recruiting and training forces from around the world, particularly from Colombia, Chile, Honduras, South Africa, and Romania as mercenaries for Abu Dhabi's crown prince Sheik Mohamed bin Zayed al-Nahayan. There is a strict prohibition on hiring Muslim military personnel since they cannot necessarily be relied upon to kill fellow Muslims. The mercenaries, who are based at the large Zayed Military City outside of Abu Dhabi, are commanded by ex-special forces officers from the United States, Britain, France, and Germany. R2 recruits mercenary personnel via an offshore pass-through company, Thor Global Enterprises, which is based in the British Virgin Islands. R2 mercenaries have been reportedly fighting as part of the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen's civil war against forces opposed to Saudi domination of Yemen. Prince uses the code name «Kingfish» in all communications and documentation related to R2.
Feinberg, a Trump supporter, controls Dyncorp through his firm Cerberus Capital, an investment firm that controls several Pentagon contractors. Dyncorp was the subject of several congressional and inspector general investigations in Washington, including its role in the sexual trafficking of children and women in Kosovo and Bosnia while supporting Pentagon and NATO operations in those countries.
After Prince changed the name of Blackwater to Xe Services in 2009, he sold it in 2011 to USTC Holdings, which eventually changed the name of the firm to Academi. The firm was, along with its competitor mercenary firm Triple Canopy, acquired by Constellis Holdings in 2014. The changing corporate names and ownership represented a typical Central Intelligence Agency corporate shell game. Academi continues to maintain Blackwater's original 7,000-acre military training facility in Moyock, in northeastern North Carolina.
Prince has long desired to see the Pentagon and CIA privatize its foreign military adventures to companies like Academi and R2. If Bannon and Kushner have their way, that desire may come to fruition in Afghanistan, now America's longest war.
During the George W. Bush administration, Blackwater was a major security contractor for the State Department, providing security personnel for U.S. diplomatic posts worldwide. The State Department contract was rife with fraud. In sworn congressional testimony in November 2007, State Department Inspector General Howard «Cookie» Krongard at first denied his brother, former CIA Executive Director Alvin B. «Buzzy» Krongard, had any relationship with Blackwater. After the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform produced documents proving that Buzzy Krongard had been invited the join Blackwater Worldwide's Advisory Board and had accepted the invitation and attended a Blackwater advisory board meeting in Williamsburg, Virginia a few hours before Howard Krongard's testimony, the State Department IG changed his testimony to avoid a perjury charge.
Blackwater was already under FBI and Justice Department investigations for the shooting deaths of 17 Iraqi civilians on September 16, 2007. The company was also under Justice Department investigation for the smuggling of weapons to Iraq. Some of the weapons reportedly ended up in the hands of various insurgent groups in Iraq. The major reason for the State Department, CIA, and Department of Defense to hire a firm like Blackwater was to hide from federal investigators and congressional committees covert U.S. military operations abroad and even those within the United States during events like post-hurricane Katrina security operations in and around New Orleans.
The presence of Betsy DeVos in the Trump administration, along with the return of Prince to the highest corridors of power in Washington after his self-imposed exile in Abu Dhabi, has, once again, brought focus on the DeVos and Prince families ties to right-wing Republican politicians. The DeVos family has used various corporate entities, such as the Windquest Group, DP Fox Ventures, and Alticor, Inc. (formerly Amway), to funnel thousands of dollars to conservative GOP politicians and their political action committees. Prince has close ties to right-wing Christian evangelical political groups like the Family Research Council, as well as to the Mercer Family Foundation, the group headed by Rebekah Mercer, which gave financial and technical deep data-diving assistance to the Trump presidential campaign. The Mercers are the political patrons of Trump's chief strategist Stephen Bannon and Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway.
Dyncorp provided security services, under State Department contract, to Afghanistan's then-president Hamid Karzai and Haitian Presidents Rene Preval and Jean-Bertrand Aristide. The firm was believed to have participated in the 2004 CIA-initiated coup d'etat that deposed Aristide and the company may have had more than passing knowledge of financial corruption involving Karzai. Blackwater's Aviation division was involved in covert operations in not only Afghanistan, but also Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, and Uzbekistan. On November 27, 2004, a Blackwater CASA 212, designated «Blackwater 61», crashed in a canyon in a remote part of Afghanistan. There were no survivors among the crew and passengers. The Blackwater pilot never filed a flight plan before it took off from Bagram airbase in route to Farah and the aircraft did not maintain a tracking system to locate the plane. The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) later determined that the pilot and crew engaged in reckless conduct and multiple mistakes.
Among the passengers killed in the crash of Blackwater 61 was Army Lt. Col. Michael MacMahon, who left young children and a widow, Army. Col. Jeanette MacMahon. Col. MacMahon later wrote to the House Oversight Committee about the crash that killed her husband: «Some would say it was simply a tragic accident, and that accidents happen especially in a combat theater. But this accident was due to the gross lack of judgment in managing the company [Blackwater]... My impression of Blackwater after having served 10 months of my tour in Baghdad is that they are trigger happy, unrestrained by our army's rules of engagement, a danger to Iraqi civilians and coalition forces alike, behave as if they are above the law, are viewed as indiscriminate killers by the population, and have no business operating in a combat theater. The consensus among my peers is they are a liability, not an asset.»
For the Pentagon and CIA, Blackwater Aviation was a return to the «Wild West» days of the reckless Air America, which flew every kind of cargo, from guns and chickens to high-grade heroin and commercial electronic goods, during the Indochina war. If Bannon, Feinberg, and Prince have their way, America's «drug store cowboy» mercenaries will be calling the shots again in Afghanistan and perhaps other current and future war zones around the world.
Next weekend is the big Glory Last Man Standing PPV as the kickboxing company crowns a Middleweight champion in a one night 8 man tournaments. One of the tournament favorites has to be New York's Wayne Barrett. Barrett is coming off a huge win at Glory 12 New York where he defeated fellow tournament participant Joe Schilling in a superb fight. Now, Barrett is getting ready for Last Man Standing and a first round battle with Bogdan Stoica.
Phoenix Carnevale and the folks at Everything Martial Arts recently caught up with Barrett as he trains at Square Circle Muay Thai in Manhattan to get ready for the tournament. Check out "In the Gym with Wayne Barrett" here at Bloody Elbow (and click here for a link if the video is not working for you).
Barrett talks about his Glory 12 fight with Schilling, his appreciation for Bloodsport, and his alternative career path as a lawyer. Plus plenty of cool footage of him hitting the pads and getting ready for that run at the Middleweight crown.
Check it out here, and then join us next weekend for Glory Last Man Standing.
By Noah Davis
Not much about Phil McCarthy reveals he's a world-class athlete. You probably wouldn't notice him in the mass of humanity that is Bryant Park on a sunny, mid-summer evening unless you happened to be looking for him. But there he is, wearing a faded green-and-white-striped shirt and shorts, exactly where he said he would be at 5 p.m. He sits slightly hunched on a chair near the carousel, a massive backpack at his feet. He looks a bit like a Rick Moranis-type who spends time in the sun. Only his slightly-used running shoes hint at the strange discipline in which he excels.
From Aug. 4 through 10, McCarthy and more than 60 other athletes will run around a 413-meter track at the Alaska Dome, five miles from the Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport. Six Days in the Dome bills itself as "the first competitive six-day indoor race" since 1994. The person who completes the most laps wins. The goal for race organizer and competitor Joe Fejes was to create a place to break both the official American record (554 miles) and the unofficial one of 577.75 miles, set by Stu Mittleman 30 years ago.
Welcome to the world of time-based distance running, in which races last anywhere from six hours to six days and sometimes even longer. While the discipline boasts a long history -- in the 1880s, tens of thousands of people packed Madison Square Garden for events -- it isn't as popular as the more traditional point-to-point ultramarathons. The races, especially the longer distances, appeal to a certain mindset, someone who can deal with the ups and downs -- and up and downs and ups and downs -- of going in circles for hours.
Each length has its own appeal. "Six hours is a really good community race," said McCarthy, a classically trained pianist who works in a print shop in Queens and happens to hold the American record in the 48-hour race at 257.34 miles (roughly 11-minute miles for two straight days.) "I don't like to chat but it's a short loop so you see the people over and over again. Everybody finishes at the same time, you have your party, and you celebrate.
"In a 24-hour one, you go through a dramatic arc. There's a lot of energy at the beginning. Then you get tired and start feeling things. Some people stop to rest. Some people pull out. Some people sleep at night, so it's quiet and it's relaxing. The sun comes up again. People wake up. People who were walking are running. You're so close to the finish and you get a new energy.
"Multi-day races are a whole other animal."
This brings us back to Alaska. McCarthy and Fejes are two of the United States' best time-based distance runners, and will be joined in Alaska by Brazil's Valmir Nunes (a former 100k record holder), Alaska's David Johnson (who won the 350-mile Iditarod Trail Invitational), the United Kingdom's Sharon Gayter (a former World No. 1 in the six-day race) and Australia's Martin Fryer. There are also 10 runners older than 70, including an 84-year-old, who will contest the six-day event.
When it came to organizing a race, Fejes aimed for indoors to minimize variation and allow for prime scoring conditions, but also said he "really didn't want to run on a 200-meter track for six days." (Apparently, running on a 400-meter track wasn't quite as objectionable.) Running on most indoor college tracks was either cost prohibitive or impossible to book for six straight days, but there's little demand for running indoors in Alaska in August. The Dome was a perfect spot.
The sport is not a lucrative one. Fejes, who beat beat world record-holder Yiannis Kouros in a six-day race in January, gathered donations from friends and used his own funds to make the event happen. Registration costs $500; the first person to pass 600 miles wins a mere $1,000. "You pay money to do this sport, you don't make money," he said.
For the most part, runners stumble into the sport, which makes sense as it's a rare person who wakes up and thinks, "I'd like to run for the better part of 150 hours." Fejes, 48, wanted to lose weight so he did an ultra relay, then a 100-miler on his own, then a 24-hour race. He found he enjoyed running at night and that longer races yielded better finishes. McCarthy, 46, hoped to qualify for Badwater, one of the premier ultras, and a good time in a 24-hour race was a way in. He liked the pace of the event, and also got better as the races got longer. In April, 2013, he won the Sri Chinmoy Self-Transcendence 6-Day Race traveling 462 miles -- 24 miles more than the distance between Boston and Washington, D.C. -- in six days. (He took two weeks off after on the advice of Dipali Cunningham, a fixture on the Self-Transcendence winner's podium, and it was a full month before he "felt like himself again.") Six Days in the Dome will be McCarthy's second race of that length.
Phil McCarthy competed in the Kleinerman 12-hour race on June 7. (Larry Sillen) It's a solitary sport, because of a distance runner's mentality and reality. McCarthy frequently runs home from work, traveling from midtown Mahattan to Washington Heights, giving training a practical purpose. The timing of the red lights in Harlem make him run fast. He loves dodging pedestrians, fruit carts and the general chaos of Chinatown, too, the insanity giving him something other than the endless miles to focus on.
To train, each athlete averages around 70 miles a week and rarely more than 100 miles in a seven-day period. Over the Fourth of July weekend, McCarthy ran 25 miles on Friday, 35 on Saturday and 20 on Sunday, as part of his effort to go on long runs on consecutive days. Sometimes, he'll do multiple workouts in one day combining speed work or a hill workout with a 10-mile tempo run at a 7:30 minute/mile pace. "It's about keeping on your feet as much as possible and making running a natural state of being. It doesn't have to be fast but you have to keep going," he said.
After Alaska, McCarthy hopes to participate in the 24-hour national championship in Cleveland. He won there in 2009 (151.4 miles) and 2011 (153.37 miles) but hasn't had a good 24-hour race in a couple years and he's eager to break the 150-mile mark again. He might do another one in New Jersey come November, but the potential for cold temperatures at the latter race, which is outdoors, worries him, though its course is the same one where he set the 48-hour record.
First, however, Anchorage awaits. McCarthy and Fejes were ready to run when we spoke in late July. Fejes is aiming to travel 600 miles over the six-day period, while McCarthy wouldn't reveal his target mileage but admitted he "wasn't trying to beat everyone."
He did have what he hoped was a secret strategy. "I think I'm going to lay down a yoga mat and just sleep that way," McCarthy said. "[At the Sri Chinmoy Self-Transcendence], a friend lent me a big tent with a cot. You would think it would be comfortable, but it wasn't. You're trying to turn and any kind of motion is just so painful. I think I'm better on a flat, hard surface. Just crash."
He continued: "I'm still figuring it out. The last time, I slept a little bit, an hour or two, every night. We'll see how this one goes. I think that I can adapt well on very little sleep as opposed to other runners. I'm going to see how I do on sleep deprivation. I might push the envelope a little bit."
He smiled mischievously, visions of ovals filling his head.
* * *
Noah Davis (@noahedavis) is a freelance writer and deputy editor of AmericanSoccerNow.com. He has written for The Wall Street Journal, ESPN The Magazine and many other publications.
Comments
1973 Porsche 911 Carrera RS Touring
s/n 9113600287, engine stamped 6630284
Grand Prix White with Red Scripts and Black Interior
The legendary Carrera RS is widely regarded to be one of the greatest, if not the greatest roadgoing Porsche ever. Its primary purpose was to homologate the car for competition use, which required the construction of a minimum of five hundred examples within twelve months. Eventually, the cars proved to be so popular that the production run was expanded several times, with an eventual total of 1580 cars being built. The cars themselves featured larger more powerful engines, flared rear wheel arches to accommodate wider wheels, numerous deletions and alterations to reduce weight, improved suspension, and a few cosmetic alterations, which would become the car's trademark. With its distinctive contrasting striping and wheels and the simple and functional 'burzel' or ducktail, the styling of the RS is iconic and trend-setting. The real treat, however, is in the driving. It epitomizes the ultimate Porsche experience with its immense tactility, balance, and nimbleness. Very few cars are as communicative and engaging as a properly set up 911 of this vintage, especially a Carrera RS.
This particular car is a “homologation” car, one of the first 500 examples built. Completed in December of 1972, it was optioned with retractable seat belts, antenna and speaker, electric windows, and seats described as “like M471”, all features that the car retains today other than the antenna, which has been removed. The car remains in its original color combination of Grand Prix White with red scripts. The car spent many years in Japan, having been imported into Japan in May of 1977. For 32 years from 1977 to 2009, the car belonged to the same owner, under the same registration number with the old style license plates that changed in the 1980s. In Japan, the license plates belong to owners rather than the cars and are affixed using a tamper-proof bolt sealed by the Japanese government official alloy seal which is broken if the plate is ever removed. Only the Department of Transportation can reseal the bolts and ordinarily new plates are issued when this happens. Consequently, the car's vintage style plates that it wore until 2009 speak to the long term undisturbed nature of the car.
In 2009, the car was acquired by its next Japanese keeper, who set about performing a comprehensive restoration. The car had been previously fitted with a 3.0 liter SC engine, and a correct 911/83 1973 RS engine was sourced in Germany, rebuilt in its entirety, stamped to match the original engine, and installed. The car was stripped to bare metal and completely disassembled to a shell before being repainted. The interior was renewed as well, as was the trunk, and engine compartment.
Cosmetically, the car is a very nice driver. The body is straight and displays good gaps and the paint was completed to very good standards. The paint appears very fresh and the car has seen few miles since being restored. There is one small bubble in the paint smaller than a pencil eraser in the left rear fender near the door jamb and quarter window trim. At some point in the car's life, it was fitted with lightweight bumpers. The rubber trim has been replaced, and all glass and lights are excellent. The car has Sekurit glass all around other than the Sigla windscreen. The anodized bright trim in the side window frames is in very good condition with minor scratches. The front and rear windscreen decos appear as new. The remaining brightwork is very good and the wheels have been nicely restored.
The interior is excellent with like new dashboard and fresh Perlon carpets. The car is fitted with lightweight style seats, an exceptionally rare factory option that is original to this car as substantiated by the Konradsheim book. Additionally, the car is equipped with power windows, another unusual option that is original to this car. The car has been fitted with lightweight door panels, which are in excellent shape, and the headliner, parcel shelf, and rear side panels are all new in 2009 and remain in as new condition. The steering wheel is excellent and is the correct small-diameter 380mm wheel. The gauges are also excellent. The switches and controls on the dashboard appear to be in excellent original condition although the cigarette lighter is from a later Porsche.
The engine compartment is clean and fairly correct, though the car has been fitted with electronic ignition and non-original spark plug wires. There is much new cadmium plating throughout. It is presented to high standards and the inner frame components are free of pebbling, as is correct for an early series homologation RS. The trunk was thoroughly restored as well, being fully restored and with much new cadmium plating and new carpet. Like the engine compartment, it is free of pebbling, which is correct for a homologation car. The inner fenders and trunk floor are in excellent shape. The car has correct plastic fuel tank and collapsible spare tire, date coded December of 1972. The car also has its jack, tool roll, and compressor.
The car runs and drives superbly, reminding why the RS is such a legend. There is an urgency to the car that encourages the driver to drive purposefully and the car is hugely rewarding to drive. The light weight ensures a superb power to weight ratio and the car is genuinely quick by modern standards. The engine is properly tuned and the gearbox is one of the better operating 915s we have experienced recently. The chassis and suspension are tight and communicative, with a directness and precision that is virtually unparalleled. There is a sense of durability that inspires trust from the driver, and it is easy to see why these cars were so successful in endurance racing. Where other cars from the period feel fragile, cantankerous and easily overwhelmed by modern driving conditions, the RS is perfectly at home, trustworthy, and far more entertaining than a modern car whose limits are so high that it is impossible to explore them on the street.
This is an excellent opportunity to acquire an interestingly optioned and complete homologation RS that is ready to enjoy immediately. Restored to nice driver standards, this car is an ideal car to drive, which is reinforced by the thrilling and enjoyable driving experience it supplies. Additionally, with the finest Tourings breaking the $1 million mark and lightweights in the mid $1 millions, this car represents excellent value as well.
Fantasy Junction +1 510 653 7555 Emeryville, California 94608 USA
The above vehicle information is complete and accurate to the best of our knowledge at the time it is posted to this website. Corrections or additional information is always appreciated. All advertised prices exclude government fees and taxes, any finance charges, any dealer document preparation charge, and any emission testing charge. Vehicles are subject to prior sale. All advertised to be true but not guaranteed. We assume no liability for errors or omissions.
If anyone needs proof that the presidential race between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton truly is dividing the country, they should look to Texas.
According to poll results from Public Policy Polling released Tuesday, three out of five Texans who support Donald Trump said they would support seceding from America if Hillary Clinton becomes president.
READ MORE: Rick Perry to fallen Muslim soldier's father: "Shame on you"
Data from the left-leaning polling firm shows that Trump leads Clinton by a margin of 50 percent to 44 percent in Texas. This is far from the landslide win for Mitt Romney in the 2012 election. Four years ago, Romney beat President Barack Obama 57.2 percent to 41.4 percent.
According to the polling results from PPP, only one out of four Texans support seceding from America generally. But when faced with the possibility of a President Hillary Clinton, a majority of Trump supporters said they'd rather leave.
PPP is known for asking offbeat and sometimes humorous questions. In December, the firm discovered 30 percent - about one out of three - Republican primary voters supported bombing Agrabah, the fictional Arabian city from the Disney film Aladdin. The survey didn't ask if people knew Agrabah doesn't actually exist.
PPP found Texans overall have an unfavorable opinion of both candidates (59 percent for Clinton and 53 percent for Trump).
READ MORE: Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson explains embarrassing flubs
When independents "candidates" Deez Nuts and Harambe (a gorilla at the Cincinnati Zoo who was put down after grabbing a child) were included, Trump came out on top at 47 percent. Clinton got 38 percent while Deez Nuts got 3 percent and Harambe got 2 percent.
As for President Obama, 54 percent of Texans polled said they disapprove of his job performance. In 2012, 51 percent of the Texans polled said they voted for Mitt Romney, compared to the 38 percent who voted for Obama (11 percent said they don't remember who they voted for).
READ MORE: Clinton says Trump's foreign policy 'absolutely bewilders' her
Other interesting results from the survey include 30 percent of Texans identifying as moderate, compared to 13 percent identifying as somewhat liberal and 29 percent as somewhat conservative. A small number said they were very liberal (9 percent) or very conservative (19 percent).
While most Texans identify as Republican (41 percent), 24 percent say they are independent while the remaining 35 percent identify as Democrat.
A Berkeley man was able to get a judge to dismiss his parking ticket. That was the easy part, but the hard part was getting his money back.Berkeley resident Arthur Parziale fought over a year to beat his $43 parking ticket. He parked his car on Shattuck Avenue outside an appliance store he visited and came out to discover a ticket on his windshield."I looked at the citation. The citation was written two minutes before my ticket had expired," Parziale said.The ticket he is referring to is the receipt that came out of the kiosk where he paid for his parking. The citation was issued at 10:32 a.m. and he had paid for parking through 10:34 a.m.He asked the city of Berkeley for an administrative review."He didn't think it was fair that he had been issued a ticket for two minutes before his kiosk tag expired," Parziale's daughter Linda Milani said.The city of Berkeley issued a letter saying, "the citation was not issued in error" and "it is the driver's responsibility to make sure the meter is fed while in use."Parziale was ordered to pay his fine, but was also granted a formal administrative hearing."Hearing judge said there were seven ways a ticket could be disqualified and I had two of the seven," Parziale said.One reason is the ticket was issued two minutes before the meter actually expired and the other reason is the judge said the meter listed on the ticket as expired did not exist.His ticket was dismissed and was told to expect the money in six to eight weeks."When he called and said that his money hadn't arrived, we were told we had to write another letter," Milani said.So, he wrote one in December and another in March."We sent them one once a week for 10 weeks to try to get someone to listen and he kept a phone log," Milani said.He says he made numerous phone calls and the refund never came, so they contacted 7 On Your Side.We got in touch with the city of Berkeley and showed them the letters Parziale sent."All I can say is we have no records of receiving these letters," City of Berkeley spokesperson Matthai Chakko said.He pointed out the letters had no address on them, so we looked into it further. It turns out Parziale was sending his letters to the address listed on a form given to him by the city of Berkeley.The U.S. Post Office confirmed to us the P.O. Box in Irvine has been closed since April 2011.The form with the old P.O. Box was given to Parziale in June 2013, more than two years after the box had been closed.The new P.O. Box is listed on the city's website, but apparently hasn't been updated on all the forms."I don't know who he spoke with. That would be Mr. Parziale who would know that," Chakko said.Parziale has a log of everyone he called at Berkeley's Traffic Citation Department."I would get the runaround. Well it will be a month. It'll be six weeks. It'll be two weeks," Parziale said.We confirmed Parziale called the correct number which is on the same form with the outdated address, but we received no explanation of why those calls were never addressed.The bottom line is the fine Parziale paid for the dismissed traffic ticket has now been refunded."9 months since the hearing and over a year since he got the ticket, he finally got back his $43," Milani daid.The city of Berkeley now says Parziale's refund should have been processed immediately after the ruling dismissing his parking ticket. The city also says they should have acted more quickly in response to the letters and phone calls and says it regrets the errors.
A hirsute husband loved his beard so much he flew into a rage when his wife threatened to trim it.
George Gray appeared at Perth Sheriff Court after being arrested for subjecting his wife to a foul-mouthed tirade when she said she would tackle his unkempt appearance.
The 39-year-old, of Magpie Way in Perth, admitted behaving in a threatening or abusive manner at home on July 20 last year by repeatedly shouting and swearing in a manner likely to cause fear and alarm.
Solicitor Cliff Culley, defending, said: “He didn't deal with it well and behaved in this way.
“It was caused by his intake of alcohol.”
Sheriff Lindsay Foulis said: “Your behaviour was unacceptable, but you have remained of good behaviour since then and have reconciled, so I'm going to admonish you.”
* For the full story see Thursday's Courier or try our digital edition.
Hey there, video game fan. Do you like eating Christmas dinner but hate dealing with inconveniences like "shopping" and "cooking" and "pretending you haven't hit rock bottom"? Try the Christmas Tinner, announced by British retailer GAME today, and you can come yet another step closer to not being human.
Check out these beautiful people eating out of their cans.
They sure are happy. You, too, could spend your holiday enjoying the latest video games alongside a gorgeous tree, some lovely stockings, and a tin layered with subtle-yet-delicate Christmas flavors. This beautiful couple has chosen to use utensils, but what you really need, video game fan, is a straw. There's no need to put down the controller. Tilt your head and ingest the spirit of Christmas, one layer at a time.
(via Metro)
This update is accessible via the “Live” release of Boundless on Steam.
Please report all issues discovered with the update to this support thread.
Please restart Steam to make sure you get the latest version of Boundless. If the update happens whilst Steam is open it's unlikely you'll get the latest version.
Overview:
This release is a re-balance of the entire XP generation and Player Progression systems, to make levelling more fun and less grindy. The aims are:
Make all core actions deliver similar amounts of XP per hour: Mining Building and Chiselling Crafting Hunting and Killing Creatures
Make Feats be a useful source of XP at all levels, whilst still offering long term goals.
Reduce the overall time to level (especially at higher levels).
Smooth out the amount of grind needed at early levels to get recipes.
Rebalanced the distribution of plots awarded per level: Allow people to build a little bigger at early levels (more plots at early levels). Balanced by reducing the amount of unwanted / unused plots that most players have later on (fewer plots at high levels).
The next feature update will include some restructuring of the skill tree. When this lands everyone will be able to re-spec their characters against the new tree.
Important:
All feats will be re-evaluated on your first run, and you could see many feat messages appear on screen one after the other. Please just allow these to play out, it may take several minutes for high level characters.
You will likely Level Up when you next play as the game migrates your character and progression across to the new balance.
Warning:
There can be a gap in the messages appearing, which may make a level up message appear some time later. This can easily be misconstrued as a genuine level up, but it is just a very delayed message. Please be aware of this if you appear to level up, but receive no rewards.
Important #2:
The Steam beta “fullscreen - Testing of new windows fullscreen impl…” has also been updated to be compatible with Release 180. So please continue to test and play with it.
Release Notes:
Creatures + Combat + Characters: Reworked the way backer levels are tracked and awarded. Required to start enabling backer perks in game. Change how we query DLC from steam and expose all the backer tiers via Steam DLC. This isn't public, but was required to invite the Trailblazers. Add a special case check that a user who owns everything gets the Adventurer level, this is to cover devs since we get all DLC via the dev comp packages in Steam. Return the non Steam tiers for all backer levels not sold via Steam to avoid giving everyone the Steam Powered badge.
Sanctum + Tutorial + Objectives + Progression: Full rebalance of all XP generation and player progression: More experience for Building, Crafting, Chiselling and Killing Creatures. Less experience needed to go up levels (especially higher levels). Increased the number of beacon plots awarded at early levels, slightly reduced the number awarded at later levels. Re-worked feats: added some, removed some, changed targets, increased experience and coin rewards. Fixed display of feats. Increased the number of skill points awards in early levels. Item crafting and tool mastery skill categories now unlock earlier. Rounded all numbers to more satisfying numbers. NOTE: all feats will be re-evaluated on your first run, and you could see many feat messages appear on screen one after the other. Please just allow these to play out, it may take several minutes for high level characters.
Release 180.1:
Sanctum + Tutorial + Objectives + Progression: Character Progression has been reset and all earned skill points have been refunded. This is to correct the skill points not awarded when player levels increased due to the progression rebalancing. Skill points are not available until you enter a world.
Engine: Reworked fullscreen support on Windows No longer leaves fullscreen when switching away to another app. Activating fullscreen should stay on the same monitor the window was on. Various other tweaks about keeping focus when switching between windowed/fullscreen. Better compatibility for streaming
Release 180.2:
Windows client fix for loosing mouse focus sometimes.
Server works around for regenerating pipes crash.
Fix for invalid lerp timestamp when lerping server snapshots, resolves issue when stuttering through portals.
Release 180.3:
Fix camera sometimes stuck after exiting GUI in the sanctum.
Warp Crystal is now Totem Augment in all areas.
The skill task in the tutorial is now an absolute quantity task, so if you have spent one skill point it will automatically complete.
Fixed crash going between different versions of Boundless due to invalid controls.json.
Fix occasional crash when on portal transit, due to active effects.
Release 180.4:
Giving graphene – atom-thick sheets of carbon – a good brush could be the key to boosting the efficiency of cheap solar cells.
US chemists have developed a novel graphene-based dye that acts as a source of photoelectrons, making it suitable for use in solar cells known as dye-sensitised solar cells (DSSC) – a low-cost alternative to silicon ones. They believe the dye could help boost the efficiency of such cells.
DSSCs use photosensitive solutions on a titanium-dioxide-coated surface to absorb energy from photons. The light excites electrons in the dyes and these higher-energy electrons generate electricity.
Mind the gap
The difference between the energy level that a molecule's electrons normally occupy and the level they jump to when excited is known as the band gap. The energy of the gap is measured in electronvolts (eV) and the optimal value for basic solar cells is 1.4 eV, says Liang-shi Li at Indiana University in Bloomington.
Advertisement
That's the energy of infrared photons just beyond the visible spectrum, and a molecule with such a band gap will absorb photons at this energy and most photons at higher energies, meaning the molecule will absorb most visible light to generate electricity.
“With graphene, we have just reached that optimal value,” says Li. That's because it is easy to adjust the band gap of electrons in a graphene dye by altering the size of graphene particles used.
To achieve the ideal 1.4 eV gap, the graphene flakes in the dye must be around 2 nanometres across. Until now, the problem has been that flakes of this size tend to clump together to form insoluble graphite. To be any use in the solar cells, the carbon must remain as soluble graphene so it can form a dye.
Brushed surface
Li and his team found they could prevent clumping by attaching molecular “brushes” to each graphene flake. Each brush contains three carbon chains “bristles” that meet at a central phenyl ring which chemically bonds to carbon atoms on the edge of the graphene flake. The lack of space around the graphene forces these bristles away from the surface, which in turn prevents graphene flakes from coalescing into graphite.
Although they are chemically bonded to the flakes, “the phenyl groups don't change the band gap properties of graphene”, says Li. They also allow the graphene to dissolve in a common organic solvent such as toluene. When a conductive plate coated with titanium dioxide is dipped into the solution, the graphene sticks to the titanium dioxide to create the DSSC.
“Right now our best cell with graphene has a solar-to-electricity efficiency of 2 per cent, which is a sixth of the value of the best DSSCs,” says Li. But he is confident of big improvements.
Efficiency drive
Craig Grimes at Pennsylvania State University in University Park has another idea, however. He thinks that lead sulphide nanoparticles look more promising than graphene for DSSCs. Experimental lead sulphide solar cells currently have double the efficiency of the graphene attempts.
One reason is that graphene doesn't stick readily enough to the titanium dioxide to transfer the current – to do so efficiently the molecular brushes attached to each flake must carry a carboxylic group, says Grimes.
Li agrees and says that adding carboxylic groups is a necessary next step. He says that should be possible, and in the end this will allow graphene to outperform lead sulphide. “And of course lead is an environmental concern, but carbon is not,” he says.
Journal reference: Nano Letters, DOI: 10.1021/nl101060h
ORLANDO, Fla. -- PGA Tour player Tripp Isenhour was charged with killing a hawk on purpose with a golf shot because it was making noise as he videotaped a TV show.
Isenhour was with a film crew for "Shoot Like A Pro" on Dec. 12 at the Grand Cypress Golf course. The 39-year-old player, whose real name is John Henry Isenhour III, was charged Wednesday with cruelty to animals and killing a migratory bird.
The charges carry a maximum penalty of 14 months in jail and $1,500 in fines.
Isenhour apologized in a statement and said he was only trying to scare the hawk away.
According to court documents, Isenhour got upset when a red-shouldered hawk began making noise, forcing another take. He began hitting balls at the bird, then 300 yards away, but gave up. Isenhour started again when the hawk moved within about 75 yards, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission officer Brian Baine indicated in a report.
Isenhour allegedly said "I'll get him now," and aimed for the hawk.
"About the sixth ball came very near the bird's head, and [Isenhour] was very excited that it was so close," Baine wrote.
A few shots later, witnesses said he hit the hawk. The bird, protected as a migratory species, fell to the ground bleeding from both nostrils.
"As soon as this happened, I was mortified and extremely upset and continue to be upset," Isenhour said in a statement issued through his management company, SFX Golf. "I want to let everyone know there was neither any malice nor deliberate intent whatsoever to hit or harm the hawk. I was trying to simply scare it into flying away."
Isenhour said his family has adopted three cats from a local shelter.
"I am an animal lover," he said. "We ask that everyone accept my sincerest apology, and please be respectful of my family's privacy."
Humane Society executive vice president Michael Markarian said Isenhour should face charges.
"Americans have no tolerance for cruelty to animals. Such a petty, mean-spirited act against a wild bird is inexcusable and prosecutors are right to hold Isenhour accountable to the law," he said in a statement released Thursday.
Isenhour has spent two full years on the PGA Tour, both times failing to keep his card. He has won four times on the Nationwide Tour, including twice in 2006.
"He just kept saying how he didn't think he could have hit it, which I think is a stupid thing for a PGA Tour golfer to say," said Jethro Senger, a sound engineer at the shoot. "He can put a ball in a hole from hundreds of yards away, and here he is hitting line drives at something that's, I don't know, a couple hundred feet away?"
Senger said it was "basically like a joke to [Isenhour]." He said no one in the roughly 15-person crew intervened, and many later regretted it.
"It was one of those cases where there's some trepidation on whether or not they should speak up and do something," Senger said.
Senger said the killing was not captured on video. The bird was buried at the golf course and later dug up by Florida investigators.
Anonymous defaced MIT's SSL-enabled Cogeneration Project page on Friday night, displaying a page that called viewers to “Remember the day we fight back.” “The day we fight back” references a protest planned for February 11 in opposition to surveillance and remembering Internet activist Aaron Swartz. The protest is backed by the EFF, Demand Progress, reddit, and Mozilla, among other big players in Internet culture.The defacement no longer appears on the site, but cogen.mit.edu was down as of Saturday morning.
One year ago on Friday, Aaron Swartz killed himself in what his parents and peers consider to be the act of a person bullied by federal prosecutors , who were suing Swartz for logging into MIT's network to gain access to the JSTOR database. Swartz downloaded millions of academic journal articles, and when he was caught, the federal government charged him with wire fraud, computer fraud, unlawfully obtaining information from a protected computer, and recklessly damaging a protected computer. Prosecutors told Swartz that he could face “up to 35 years in prison.”
Bob Swartz, Aaron's father, has been very vocal about implicating MIT in the suicide of his son, as well. In an interview published this month, Bob Swartz spoke with Boston Magazine about MIT's complicity in Aaron's harsh prosecution, from aiding Secret Service in cracking Aaron's computer to refusing to publicly state that it didn't want jail time for Aaron. “I always felt that MIT would act in a reasonable and compassionate way and that MIT wasn't the issue... I didn't understand the depths of what MIT had done at that point,” Swartz told Boston Magazine.
This Friday's hack of a website belonging to MIT is not Anonymous' first—the group also defaced MIT's homepage a few days after Aaron's death in 2013.
Forget Golf Courses: Subdivisions Draw Residents With Farms
When you picture a housing development in the suburbs, you might imagine golf courses, swimming pools, rows of identical houses.
But now, there's a new model springing up across the country that taps into the local food movement: Farms — complete with livestock, vegetables and fruit trees — are serving as the latest suburban amenity.
It's called development-supported agriculture, a more intimate version of community-supported agriculture — a farm-share program commonly known as CSA. In planning a new neighborhood, a developer includes some form of food production — a farm, community garden, orchard, livestock operation, edible park — that is meant to draw in new buyers, increase values and stitch neighbors together.
"These projects are becoming more and more mainstream," says Ed McMahon, a fellow with the Urban Land Institute. He estimates that more than 200 developments with an agricultural twist already exist nationwide.
"Golf courses cost millions to build and maintain, and we're kind of overbuilt on golf courses already," he says. "If you put in a farm where we can grow things and make money from the farm, it becomes an even better deal."
In Fort Collins, Colo., developers are currently constructing one of the country's newest development-supported farms. At first blush, the Bucking Horse development looks like your average halfway-constructed subdivision. But look a bit closer and you'll see a historic rustic red farm house and a big white barn enclosed by the plastic orange construction fencing.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Luke Runyon/Harvest Public Media Luke Runyon/Harvest Public Media
"When we show it, people are either like, 'You guys are crazy. I don't see the vision here at all,' or they come and they're like, 'This is going to be amazing,' " says Kristin Kirkpatrick, who works for Bellisimo Inc., the developer that purchased the 240-acre plot of land.
When finished, Bucking Horse will support more than 1,000 households. Agriculture and food production are the big draws, Kirkpatrick says. Land has been set aside for vegetables. There will be goats and chickens, too, subsidized by homeowners. Soon they'll be hiring a farmer for a 3.6-acre CSA farm. There's also a plaza designed for a farmers market, and an educational center where homeowners can take canning classes.
In short, the neighborhood plan is infused with the quaint, pastoral, even romantic view of farming.
"Our public restrooms are in an old chicken coop, and it'll be half public restroom and half chicken coop," Kirkpatrick says.
After World War II, Americans escaping crowded cities flocked to the suburbs. Most suburbanites didn't want to be right next to a farm, and so restrictive zoning pushed livestock and tractors out of new residential areas. Now, says Lindsay Ex, an environmental planner with the city of Fort Collins, municipalities are being forced to change their codes.
"We used to have residential separated from agriculture, and now we're seeing those uses combined," says Ex.
And that can be a great deal for small-time farmers, says Quint Redmond, who runs a company called Agriburbia, which operates farms within suburban developments across the country. In development-supported agriculture projects, he says, the developer, or homeowners association, ends up making the big farm purchases — not the farmer.
"The best possible thing for a farmer is to have the infrastructure ready," he says. "That is where most farming goes upside down or goes broke."
Not to mention that the neighborhood is filled with people who already have an interest in local food, so "there's a real market for that farmer," Redmond says.
The marketing of these new neighborhoods appears to be working — at least at Bucking Horse, where the developer says 200 single-family lots were snatched up within days of going on the market. Values of existing homes have jumped 25 percent since construction began on the agricultural amenities.
"Once we saw this and the plans they had for it, we were really sold on the lifestyle," says Lindley Greene, who moved to Bucking Horse in March with her husband and two young sons.
Once the neighborhood farm is up and running, Greene says, she'll be volunteering to get her hands dirty.
"We love the idea of it," she says. "To have it right here — not have it in our backyard, but still in our backyard — is awesome."
This story comes to us via Harvest Public Media, a public radio reporting collaboration that focuses on agriculture and food production.
SANTA CLARA — Over the last few years, they've thrown down big bucks on their new seats, eagerly monitored every construction milestone and counted down the days to the first kickoff. And on Friday, 49ers fans finally got to see the finished Levi's Stadium for the first time.
“I feel like a kid on Christmas morning,” said Saratoga resident Mark Murray, 55, as he sat in his new seats.
His friend, Brad Mandell, 57, was in awe: “It exceeded expectations. It looks fantastic.”
Nearly 30,000 giddy grown men and women — and some kids — got their first peek at the $1.3 billion Santa Clara stadium during a six-hour open house for season-ticket holders, 2½ years after fans began buying tickets. The 49er faithful, most decked out in crimson-and-gold jerseys, chanted “Let's go Niners!” and high-fived as they walked in to their new home away from home.
They got to sit in the seats they paid $2,000 to $80,000 apiece for, roam the airy concourses (three times the width of Candlestick), scarf down beer and hot dogs, and buy licensed Levi's Stadium shirts, hats and shot glasses from the newly opened team store on site. About 1,500 employees were on hand, guiding fans to their seats, operating metal detectors and taking tickets at the entrance gates for the first time.
“This is the first time the fans really have an opportunity to understand what this structure is going to be like on game days,” 49ers Chief Operating Officer Al Guido said as he walked the concourses greeting fans. “Look at the people's faces. It's a good test for the fans, and for us.”
Not everything went well. Fans described traffic as “horrible” and “awful,” with officials saying it took some people an hour to get off the main Highway 101 exit to the stadium, a route that normally takes about five minutes. The 49ers, however, did not implement their full traffic plan, and the congestion was compounded by rush-hour work traffic that won't be present on Sundays.
Parking was also an issue, as the team did not have all its lots open and nearby companies that will normally supply spots had to accommodate their employees.
And the Wi-Fi and cell service, while working, were not as astounding as billed, with some fans unable to update their Twitter feeds or connect to a FaceTime chat to show off to fans on the outside.
But those who sweated out the blistering heat didn't seem to care much as they ticked off the improvements they noticed over Candlestick Park.
“The concessions are three-to-four times as nice,” said Michael Higgins, 38, of Livermore, as he slid a beer into the new cup-holders in the back of the seats. “I'm going to save $100 a year in kicked-over beers,” he joked.
Fans raved about the red seats over the hard, cramped orange seats at the Stick. They praised the views, as even those in higher-up areas thought the stacked-seating — with the suites in a tower instead of separating the upper and lower decks — provided better angles.
“It feels a lot closer to the action,” said Rory Garshol, 35, of Livermore, who had a similar seat at Candlestick that felt further away.
Among the other features that got foam-finger thumbs-up: the airy open plazas that provided much-needed breeze, especially Friday when the thermometer hit 94 degrees in Santa Clara; the two HD video boards that are the fifth-biggest in the NFL; and the outer “superhighway” walkway that provided fast routes around the congested main concourses.
Fans also carefully looked for their messages inscribed in the 12,000-brick Fanwalk outside the main entrance, which cost them $195 to $545 depending on the size and placement of the brick. And if you've checked your Facebook, Twitter or Instagram accounts, you've probably seen all the photos the faithful posted — just about everybody had their cellphone out documenting their first visits.
The event continues the 49ers' baby-steps approach to opening the new stadium, which has hosted several small events since a ribbon cutting last week. About 40,000 are expected for the first sporting event, a San Jose Earthquakes game on Aug. 2, and then the full capacity of 70,000 screaming Niner faithful will come to Santa Clara for the first preseason game on Aug. 17.
“It's starting to sink in now that you see this,” Vin Birak, 30, of Daly City, said as he sat in his new seats with his family. “Now it's just game time.”
Contact Mike Rosenberg at 408-920-5705. Follow him at Twitter.com/rosenbergmerc.
The Winter Meetings have ended and this MLB offseason has picked up steam. Be sure to check in here regularly for the latest rumors, news and moves around the league.
Here is the latest news:
• The Chicago White Sox and Arizona Diamondbacks have expressed the most interest in Baltimore Orioles star infielder Manny Machado as of Sunday morning. (Buster Olney, ESPN)
• The Chicago Cubs are in on Japanese ace Yu Darvish. He is coming off a season in which he went 10–12 with a 3.86 ERA and 1.16 WHIP for the Texas Rangers and Los Angeles Dodgers. (Bruce Levine, 670 The Score)
• Todd Frazier remains a free agent but recently said that he would be open to changing positions in 2018. He told NJ.com, "I'm open to anything. Even second base, without a doubt. When I first came up, I was a utility guy. I'm not afraid to go back to playing another position. I'm comfortable playing any position any team wants me to play.” He was traded to the Yankees ahead of July's trade deadline and then became a pivotal figure for the team in their postseason run to the American League Championship series. He is seeking a multi-year contract. (Brendan Kuty, NJ.com)
• The Orioles continue to be interested in Kansas City Royals right-handed pitcher Danny Duffy. (Rich Kubatko, MASNsports.com)
• The San Francisco Giants inquired about Philadelphia Phillies third baseman Maikel Franco at the Winter Meetings but it is unclear if both sides made any prodress on talks. (Jim Salisbury, NBC Sports Philadelphia)
This page will be updated with more news throughout Sunday.
Four British citizens, referred to as Islamists by some reports, have confessed to making vague plans to blow up a toilet at the London Stock Exchange (LSE). The four reportedly got the idea from Inspire Magazine, released online by al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
Although blowing up a toilet normally falls into the category of “teenage hijinks,” the AQAP mention combined with their Muslim identity turned the plan into a “major terrorist plot.”
Media hysteria appears to be taking hold. Some reports claim that the four were planning to “blow up the London Stock Exchange” or were “plotting Mumbai-style attacks in London.” Presumably, the four considered other targets, including the US Embassy, before settling on the toilet.
Moreover, even the plan to blow up a toilet appears to have been speculative. The four had not acquired even the inexpensive fireworks needed for such a mission, and one of them reportedly called for simply starting a fire, while another said that actually blowing up a toilet would be a “bonus.”
Still and all, experts insist that the capture was a “triumph for the electronic surveillance of homes, cars, and computer memory sticks on which British intelligence prides itself.” LSE brokers who have to use the restroom will be free to do so safely.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
ASHLEY - Rick Garunovic settled himself on the bench and lined up the sight on his rare, Mosin-Nagant Russian military rifle to zero in on his cardboard target 100 yards away.
ASHLEY � Rick Garunovic settled himself on the bench and lined up the sight on his rare, Mosin-Nagant Russian military rifle to zero in on his cardboard target 100 yards away.
The blasts rang through the Delaware County countryside, again and again. Not every one was a bullseye but some were, and the others were awfully close.
And stepping back during a ceasefire so that others could pin up their paper targets at the Ohio Department of Natural Resources' outdoor shooting space at the Delaware Wildlife Area, Garunovic looked around at the aging and outdated range and smiled.
"I've been coming here for a decade," said Garunovic, 42, of Delaware. "It's a little disappointing that it is going to close but hopefully it will all be worth the wait. I'm glad I got to come out and shoot here one last time. I'm looking forward to it opening bigger and better."
The range, which always closes for the season on Dec. 31 will do so this year, too, but it won't reopen in the spring of 2017 as usual because of a $6 million renovation and upgrade. The work will be extensive, said Eric Postell, outdoor education supervisor for ODNR's Division of Wildlife. Currently, there are six shooting positions at the 100-yard range. The new space will have 30. A pistol range will at least double in size and a new field area for trap shooting will be expansive. In total, it will go from 16 shooting positions to 90.
And though the space will be nice, the amenities might get the most attention. The portable toilet in the corner of a parking lot will be replaced by real restrooms, and a new education and training center will include an indoor archery and air-gun range, classrooms and a kitchenette. A new range master's suite will include video surveillance and intercoms to increase safety.
"This range has been here more than 40 years and it was designed for hunters," said Postell, who started his career with ODNR 18 years ago by working seasonally out of the same small and bare-bones office trailer that still is used at the supervised range. "But demographics have dramatically changed. Most gun buyers now are interested in self-defense or recreational shooting. We need to accommodate them with better space. This will become family friendly."
The renovations at the range were expected to happen this year or last but the property, along Route 229 east of Route 23, is owned by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and environmental work delayed the project. Before the range can be rebuilt � it will relocate further back and east from the existing range � there must be soil samples taken and studies done to gauge the environmental impact of the ammunition on the property. That will take place in early 2017 and any necessary remediation on the land will take place after the new range is built.
The state hopes to reopen the range in 2018, said Korey Brown, district manager for the Division of Wildlife.
The money for the project comes from a federal excise tax collected on all guns and ammunition that is passed down to the states to be reinvested in fish and wildlife management and programs, including shooting sports, Brown said.
As gun sales have skyrocketed nationally in the past decade, the division has reaped the benefits. In 2007, the Ohio Division of Wildlife received $5.9 million as its share of the excise tax; this year it received almost $15 million.
As a result, the Delaware range (with almost 8,500 visitors this year) is not the only one getting a facelift. Upgrades either are planned or have happened at other archery and shooting sites, including ranges in Brown, Fayette, Harrison and Jefferson counties. Major work also is underway at Spring Valley range in Greene County, the division's largest, with nearly 24,000 annual visitors.
As part of the Delaware project, the state also will relocate a remote and unsupervised archery range from about four miles away to the Route 229 property. In addition to moving the static targets that are at that archery range now, a 3D walk-through course that better simulates a hunt will be added.
For Garunovic, these renovations cannot come too soon. He visits the range as often as he can, and said the $24 annual fee makes it a deal. For 2017, he is considering paying for membership to a private club in Zanesville. When Delaware reopens, though, he will be back.
"There aren't enough spaces like this," he said. "I can't wait to see what it will be like."
hzachariah@dispatch.com
@hollyzachariah
Image caption Consultants are worried about so-called 'exit blocks' from A&E
Hospital emergency departments in Wales are "on the edge" with staff shortages and waiting times too long, a leading A&E doctor has warned.
Dr Robin Roop, head of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine in Wales (RCEM), said some patients were waiting more than 24 hours in A&E.
He warned no A&E department in Wales had enough consultants to meet minimum RCEM staffing levels.
The Welsh government said the pressures were not unique to Wales.
Image copyright BBC/NHS Health Informatics Service
He was speaking as the latest statistics showed around 81% of patients spent less than four hours in A&E - the same as last year.
Although at Morriston Hospital in Swansea, 58.7% spent less than four hours in A&E in December 2015, compared to 69.3% in the same month in the 2014.
Dr Roop said there was also a shortage of senior doctors and emergency unit nurses.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Robin Roop said high staff turnover is a real problem for A&E units
The gaps, which he claims are "notoriously difficult to fill", added to the pressures, mean frontline staff are "working excessively hard", "morale is going down" and more people are quitting emergency medicine.
"In Wales staff turnover in emergency medicine is getting worse. We have not been able to recruit new consultants at the same level here as in other countries," he said.
Dr Roop, who is a consultant in Wrexham, said A&E waits because wards were full were also a "continuous" problem, despite efforts by health boards to open additional hospital beds and postpone non-urgent surgery at times of high demand.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Morriston Hospital emergency consultant Andy MacNab explains how a shortage of carers in the community can have an impact
"The health boards have learnt from previous years about winter pressures and what needs to be done - things like expanding bed capacity and changing elective operations - they've worked to a small degree," he said.
"But we still see a reduction in the number of patients being able to be passed on (from emergency units) in a timely fashion. And we still see 'exit-blocks'.
"It means staff aren't doing what they've been trained to do in emergency medicine. They are now doing the additional things of looking after for longer because of the delays.
"There are patients waiting over four hours a lot of the time. So those patients have to be treated as a ward-based type of patient. The statistics show some patients spend over 12 hours in the department and some over 24 hours."
FACTFILE - A&E UNITS IN WALES:
More people attend units in summer than winter but in winter patients tend to be more ill
The busiest period is between 09:00 GMT and 13:00 on a Monday, when units see more than 250 patients an hour
The quietest period is between midnight and 06:00
Patients over 85 have the highest rate of attendances, especially during winter
Children and young people are least likely to attend in winter, but most likely to attend in summer
In winter, the average time spent in A&E is more than three hours
Dr Roop also warned A&E pressures could get worse in coming weeks, partly due to increasing flu cases, which have emerged later than last year.
"Absolutely every emergency department (in Wales) is on the edge - we are ever so close to patients becoming really poorly in our departments and that could have a knock-on effect and having disastrous outcomes," he added.
A Welsh government spokesman said: "There was a 23% reduction in the number of people who spent more than 12 hours in emergency departments in December compared to November but we know there is more work to do.
"We expect all health boards to ensure they have the right mix of staff to ensure services are safe, sustainable, and to ensure patient experience and outcomes are optimised."
Consultants at Morriston say fewer scheduled operations have been cancelled and elderly patients are leaving hospital earlier compared to last winter.
"I see my sunny little dragon has the rest of my trainees scared and working harder."
My dad's warm, amused voice pulls my gaze from the clock, and I turn to face him. He's got his 'lucky' shirt on today. A thread bare, white tee turned pale with age, the gyms martial art logo across the chest reading Taiyang's, and the piece de resistance: faded sharpie marker drawings from when Ruby and I went to town on it when we were little. It's those little faded hearts (Ruby's doing), and the dragon stick figure trying to eat them (all me)a warm up doodad for my sister and her fanfic she is in the middle of writing. Yes it's a RWBY fanfic. Yes that is Yangs/Rubys dad Taiyang. If you want to read more that just the above paragraph then go here! archiveofourown.org/works/8804…
“The Chinese people do not want to have war, so we will be opposed to [the] U.S. if it stirs up any conflict,” said Liu Zhenmin, vice minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. “Of course, if the Korean War or Vietnam War are replayed, then we will have to defend ourselves.”
The so-called “nine-dash line” that China has drawn over most of the South China Sea — a gargantuan territorial claim that stretches about 1,200 miles from its shores — would give Beijing control over a zone that's estimated to handle about half of global merchant shipping, a third of the planet's oil shipping, two-thirds of global liquid natural gas shipments, and more than a 10th of Earth's fish catch. The Obama administration, backed by several Asian governments and entities such as the Brookings Institution, argues that such massive ocean claims at great distance from land are “inconsistent with international law.”
China has a growing military presence in the region, including the wholesale raising of islands and construction of airfields on what were once atolls. The U.S. Navy operates there as well, increasingly in concert with regional powers such as the Philippines. Two Chinese fighter jets on Tuesday intercepted and passed within 50 feet of a U.S. military reconnaissance plane.
Greg Lambrecht, inventor of the Coravin, has got sommeliers and wine writers buzzing with his revolutionary creation that allows you to sample a bottle of wine without removing the cork. Reflecting the commentary regarding the Coravin, I sent a few questions Lambrecht's way. He responded to my queries regarding the intersection of wine, technology, and romance, whether the Coravin is too expensive, and, finally, shared the story of a memorable bottle of wine that he recently enjoyed with the help of his invention.
When considering the ceremony of pouring and serving wine, romance is a big part of the ritual. Where does the Coravin fit in, and are we technophobic when it comes to enjoying wine?
"Wine technology is constantly improving. New corkscrews, aerators, wine glasses, and wine refrigerators have improved the experience and storage of wine for modern consumers. I just returned from the vineyards of Bordeaux and was stunned by the mix of extremely new technology and old traditions used in modern wine making. This mix has been present over the 8,000 year history of wine. It's the responsibility of a company like ours to integrate our new technology into the wonderful traditions and romance that surround wine. To our customers, how Coravin works is less important than that it works - enabling them to serve as much of the wine they wish from as many bottles as they like, without compromise or fear of loss. We have worked hard to involve vineyards, top restaurants, collectors and wine stores that are the forefront of wine tradition from prior to launch to make sure that we integrate into tradition while empowering the consumer with this new freedom."
Will we see the price [Editor's Note: currently $300] of the Coravin drop? How do you counter those who think it's too expensive? And how do you relate its usefulness to an enthusiastic, regular wine consumer who drinks wine daily but does not cellar it.
"I am sure that over time we will develop a range of products at different price points. However, most of those who challenge that Coravin is too expensive are thinking of it as a wine preservation system - something that extends the drinkability of a bottle over a few days. Coravin isn't this. With Coravin, you can serve or taste from as many bottles as you like, without removing the cork - the best tested wine preservation system in history. I think of Coravin as a wine bar in your house, where your freedom to experience and learn about this wonderful beverage is limited only by the number of bottles you own. This freedom is distinctly different from a preservation system that is used once the cork is pulled, starting a fast clock on that bottle's deterioration, essentially forcing you to finish that bottle before you would open another. For an enthusiastic, regular wine drinker, tasting wines from three or four different bottles in an evening is such a better experience than buying one and drinking it. Your knowledge and enjoyment of wine is heightened by comparing different wine styles, different vintages, and different grapes from across the world. Coravin is a very convenient, and I propose reasonably priced way of achieving this."
What's a wine you recently sampled using the Coravin that really surprised you?
"A friend recently poured me a glass of an Hermitage from 1985, a French red wine from the Rhone made primarily from the Syrah grape. It smelled and tasted absolutely nothing like it had been made from grapes, so full of raw meat it could have been freshly ground beef. I had had this exact wine ten years before when it had tasted completely different, like pepper and flowers. I was fascinated by its metamorphosis. The grape and the winemaker have clearly had a very long relationship, marked by variable weather and tireless effort, one that can produce a nose and palate that evolves in the bottle over time, sometimes quite dramatically, and when done well completely commands your attention and will never be forgotten."
Image caption There has been a recent rise in the killing of elephants in parts of Africa
More than 80 elephants have been killed for their ivory by poachers who used cyanide to poison a water hole in Zimbabwe's largest game park.
Tourism Minister Walter Mzembi confirmed the toll on Tuesday after touring Hwange National Park.
Wildlife department officials said the chemical also killed smaller animals and predators which feed on them.
Nine poachers were arrested after rangers tracked them to a cache of ivory hidden in the park.
"When we left Hwange National Park on Sunday, the total number of elephants that had died from cyanide poisoning was 81," Jerry Gotora, a director of the Zimbabwe parks department, told AFP.
"Several other animals have also died, but we don't have the total number yet."
The elephant death toll includes more than 40 elephants discovered following a poisoning incident in the 4,650-sq km (1,795-square mile) national park earlier this month.
There has been a rise in the killing of elephants and rhinos in parts of Africa in recent years, mostly to feed demand for horns and tusks in Asia.
Our Take
We've long admired Marc Newson's Hourglass, so we teamed up with him to make our own. This is the Marc Newson Hourglass for HODINKEE, available exclusively in a limited collection of just 100 pieces.
The Details
Hand blown from a single piece of borosilicate glass, the Marc Newson Hourglass for HODINKEE is a sight to behold. To create the shape you see here, a long tube of glass is loaded onto a large turning machine, and a combination of specialized torches and blowing through a long rubber tube are used to heat and shape the spinning glass. All of the shaping has to be done entirely by eye, as no measurement device can interrupt the hot glass. Every Hourglass is filled with 1,249,996 tiny spheres called "nanoballs," to measure the passing of 10 minutes. At just 0.6mm in diameter, each nanoball is made of stainless steel covered with a fine copper coating, plus an anti-corrosion layer to ensure that they will not turn green over time.
The Hourglass is more than just a device to measure the passing of time – if you haven't already, watch our video below about the collaboration, in which Marc Newson discusses the Hourglass and we go behind the scenes in the factory to show how each one is made. Watching the first few nanoballs bounce around the bottom chamber and hearing the unique sound they make, plus watching the flow begin to change surface patterns in the top chamber is truly mesmerizing.
Every Hourglass features Marc Newson's signature on one side and is numbered "1 of 100" just below the HODINKEE logo on the other. The custom orange foam case comes with a special leather coaster and white gloves to help ensure that the Hourglass isn't scratched.
Because these are so difficult to make, we are making them over a period of months. We will continue producing them on a rolling basis, with around 10 being delivered each month. We are now taking non-refundable payments of $12,000 USD for future Hourglasses. Following receipt of your payment, we will notify you of the estimated delivery window for your Hourglass. When your Hourglass is ready to ship, we will contact you with an updated delivery timeline. Please reach out to limited@hodinkee.com with any questions.
Because each Hourglass is made by hand, each is unique. As such, please allow for minor variances in the exact shape of the plug and in the presence of a few tiny air bubbles (we're talking on the scale of fractions of millimeters). These are reminders that you're looking at a piece of art and not an industrially-produced commodity.
For more information on this collaboration and to view our video interview with Marc Newson, click here.
Specifications
Maker: Marc Newson
Reference: HG10 Copper
Material: Hand-blown borosilicate glass; copper-coated stainless steel nanoballs
Dimensions: 150mm height; 125mm diameter (at widest point)
Weight: 1.5kg
Box/Papers: Custom-fitted orange foam case, leather coaster, white gloves, copper-foiled certificate of authenticity signed by Marc Newson
Return policy
Please note that you will have five days from receipt of your Hourglass to return it for a full refund. The Hourglass must be in original condition complete with its box, coaster, gloves, and certificate; we will not be able to accept returns of Hourglasses with any damage, including but not limited to scratches.
San Francisco Supervisor Jane Kim is calling for The City to consider imposing a fee on trips using ride-hail companies like Uber and Lyft to help pay for congestion management efforts.
Kim on Tuesday called for the City Attorney's Office to analyze whether San Francisco can impose a fee similar to the 20-cents per ride fee imposed in Massachusetts.
The move comes as city officials express growing concern over the congestion caused by circling and double-parked Uber and Lyft drivers. A report released by the San Francisco Treasurer's Office last year indicated there were up to 45,000 ride-share drivers working in The City.
SEE RELATED: Mayor Lee to tackle Uber, Lyft traffic congestion through pilot program
SEE RELATED: SF exploring ‘legal action' against state for hidden Lyft, Uber traffic data
SEE RELATED: SF wants access to Uber and Lyft data to tackle traffic congestion
“The increase in Uber and Lyft cars on our streets has been a boon to their investors but a bane to other drivers,” said Kim. “A very modest fee on ride sharing could provide the needed revenue to make sure we're dealing with congestion before our roads become parking lots.”
The proposal is likely to contribute to an increasingly contentious relationship between Uber and The City.
The company, which angered city officials earlier this year by launching autonomous vehicles without proper state permits, is currently fighting a legal battle with the city over efforts to collect the names and contact information of drivers.
City tax officials say they need the information to ensure drivers have registered for business licenses. Uber, arguing that it is protecting driver privacy, is meanwhile lobbying for state legislation that would effectively limit The City's ability to demand business registration for all drivers.
The company has also resisted calls to share data with The City and fought against efforts to require stricter background checks for drivers.
Click here or scroll down to comment
The Supreme Court on Tuesday has dismissed the bid of teachers, students, parents and various organizations to stop the implementation of the K-12 Law, a national 12-year basic education program.
Several petitions were filed asking the high court to nullify Republic Act 10533 or the K-12 law.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Stop K to 12, teachers press Supreme Court
Petitioners against K-12 include Council of Teachers and Staff of Colleges and Universities of the Philippines (CoTeSCUP), Sentro ng mga Nagkakaisang Progresibong mga Manggagawa (SENTRO), Federation of Free Workers (FFW), National Confederation of Labor (NCL), Senator and Vice Presidential aspirant Antonio Trillanes IV and the Magdalo Partylist, the Suspend K-12 Coalition led by Prof. Rene Tadle of the Council of Teachers and staff of Colleges and Universities in the Philippines, National Artists Dr. Bienvenido Lumbera, Representatives Antonio Tinio (ACT Teachers' Partylist), Neri Colmenares and Carlos Zarate (Bayan Muna Partylist), Emmi De Jesus and Luz Ilagan (Gabriela Partylist), Fernando “Ka Pando” Hicap (Anakpawis Partylist) and Terry Ridon (Kabataan Partylist).
“The Court denied the prayer for issuance of a temporary restraining order and/or writ of preliminary injunction,” high court's Information Chief Atty. Theodore Te said at a press conference.
READ: Multi-sectoral group bares discrepancies in K to 12 law
Petitioners asked the high court to strike down Republic Act (RA) No. 10533, also known as An Act Enhancing the Philippine Basic Education System, arguing that it was passed “without massive consultations;” makes education “inaccessible” to all, especially to lower-income Filipinos; and causes the displacement of tens of thousands of teaching and non-teaching personnel.
The high court will continue to weigh in on the petitions and rule on its merits. RAM
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Leo and I have been pretty busy - but this week Leo had a rare break from court and I am waiting for a jury to return a verdict on a murder case - so there was no better to time to head to the hill to record a podcast.
This episode Leo and I sat down with NDP MP Craig to Scott to talk about how a bill becomes a law (Canadian Edition).
We talk procedure and practice (including how the Conservatives manipulate the system). A fantastic chat, a long podcast - but well worth a listen.
For more Craig Scott follow him on Twitter - here
Check out the podcast home page to listen online
OR
You can also access the file at SoundCloud.
OR
Subscribe to The Docket on iTunes - Click Here.
We would welcome your feedback and suggestions.
If you like The Docket please spread the word.
Enjoy
There's no doubt that Ethan Couch, 16, is guilty of drunkenly killing four people in a deadly car crash in Burleson. Last week, the teen pleaded guilty to four counts of intoxication manslaughter stemming from a June 15 wreck in which his Ford pickup, going 70 in a 40-mph zone, veered off the road, killing youth pastor Brian Jennings and three others who were gathered along the side of Burleson-Retta Road to change a flat tire.
Nine others were injured, including two of Couch's passengers. One, Sergio Molina, suffered a severe brain injury and, according to prosecutors, is no longer able to move or talk, according to prosecutors. Couch's blood alcohol content was .24, three times the legal limit.
The open question, then, is whether Couch should have received a harsher punishment. On Tuesday, Tarrant County District Judge Jean Boyd sentenced the teen to 10 years probation, with a mandatory stint in a long-term treatment center, likely to be a $450,000-per-year facility near Newport Beach, California.
Depositors have been transferred to Bank of Cyprus's UK arm and will be protected from levy and limits on withdrawals
Around 15,000 account holders at Laiki bank in the UK are to escape any levy imposed on savings by the Cypriot authorities.
After a week of talks since George Osborne told MPs that the government was trying to find ways to stop Laiki being "sucked" into the Cyprus bailout, the UK arm of Bank of Cyprus has taken over £270m of Laiki balances in the UK.
As Laiki operates as a "branch" in the UK, its depositors were covered by the Cyprus government for the €100,000 (£85,000) European-wide guarantee in savings but could have been subject to levies above that level.
However, as Bank of Cyprus UK Limited is a separately capitalised, UK-incorporated bank, it is subject to UK regulation and protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme which guarantees up to £85,000. Its customers will not be hit by any levy on accounts – possibly 60% on accounts above £85,000 – or restrictions on limiting withdrawals to €300 a day.
Bank of Cyprus in the UK said the customers that have transferred to it "will not be subject to the imposition of any 'levy', 'haircut' or withdrawal restrictions applicable to deposits with banks in Cyprus". It was not immediately clear how many accounts were above the €100,000 threshold.
The announcement was made with the new Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA), which opens for the first time on Tuesday as a subsidiary of the Bank of England to oversee the banking sector after the Financial Services Authority was shut down over the weekend.
Customers with overdrafts remain at Laiki. "These accounts are now frozen at Laiki Bank UK and customers in overdraft will no longer have banking facilities at Laiki Bank UK," the PRA said. Mortgages and loans are not transferred either.
The PRA had been working to resolve the threat after Osborne told MPs on the Treasury select committee last week that he wanted a solution for customers of the UK arm of Laiki. Under the deal in Cyprus, Laiki is being shut down.
In Cyprus, Laiki customers with deposits below €100,000 will be transferred to Bank of Cyprus, the island's largest bank.
The chancellor will open the new PRA with a speech at its new offices just behind the Bank of England. He will describe the new regulatory regime as "resetting" the UK financial.
Osborne will say: "They represent a fundamental change in how financial services will be regulated in the future. They do away with the discredited system that failed to sound the alarm as the financial system went wrong, and put in its place a new system that puts the Bank of England back in charge and that will help ensure a strong, safe and successful financial system in Britain."
Seriously, I want to know. In fact, leave a comment on this post, so we can all know. I haven't been in tech that long — five years now — but I'll tell you one thing for sure:
How many of my Black brothers and sisters — especially in tech — can say that their White colleagues acknowledge the current state of racial injustice in America?
I don't think I realized it at the time. It wasn't until I actually sat down to write this piece, in fact, that the significance of that short interaction really sunk in for me.
She talked about the articles she read and the videos she watched and how she wanted to say something about it to the crowd of Silicon Valley founders and investors we'd be gathering for an event later that evening. She took the time to ask me how I was doing and if I wanted to talk or take some time off. She was in all ways very supportive and proactively so.
When I went into work yesterday, the first thing my boss, who is a White woman, mentioned to me was the anger and pain she was feeling about the fatal shootings of two more Black men by White police officers .
Not only that, I am a Black woman working in tech, one of the most homogeneous industries ever birthed .
Tech does not socialize with Black people.
And because tech does not interact with Black people at work or at home…
Tech is less likely to empathize with Black people.
Definition source: Psychology Today
So yesterday, when my boss — a White woman in tech — empathized with me, a Black woman, that was A.VERY.BIG.DEAL. In fact, it was the first time a White colleague (and I've had many) has ever said anything to me about the killing of a Black person in America by a White police officer — and there's unfortunately been several opportunities for them to speak up.
The fact that a White colleague in a work setting made it a point to make a point about racial injustice in America and acknowledge the Black community's pain, hurt, and anger over it…the fact that she didn't just act like today was “business as usual” — that meant more to me than any free lunches, office perks, or holiday bonuses ever could.
She saw me, she saw my people, she acknowledged our pain, and she offered to help.
That means something.
So I'm going to say this to all my White brothers and sisters working alongside my Black brothers and sisters:
Today you have a chance to be a better colleague.
Here's how…
1. Educate yourself
Don't wait for a/the Black person at your company to say something. Don't wait for your HR or ERG rep to send you an email. Take it upon yourself to get educated about the Do's and Don'ts of being a good ally.
Full Resource: A Guide for White Allies Confronting Racial Injustice
2. Talk about it
You don't have to have all the right words or all the perfect answers, but just saying something to the Black and White people you work with — acknowledging that this atrocity happened and that you're hurt by it — that really is a start to making a difference. Speak about the humanity of those innocent Black men, speak about the mourning of the Black community and our entire country. Just whatever you do, speak from the heart.
Image source: Natasha Howell
3. Give people space
What's happening to Black people under police patrol is a national tragedy, and it is having a traumatizing effect on many people. Don't expect your Black colleagues to be able to jump right back into work as if nothing's happened— especially if they're in a workplace that doesn't even acknowledge these horrific events are taking place.
4. Take action
Tech is smart — like really freakin' smart. Tech wouldn't be taking over the world if it wasn't so damn smart. So I don't buy the “I don't know what to do” spiel. You have a growth mindset when it comes to everything else. Why do your critical thinking skills suddenly vanish when it comes to figuring out how you can contribute to this whole racial equality thing? Whether it be investing in a more diverse workforce, lobbying for judicial system reform, refusing to do business with cities and individuals that perpetrate racism…there are countless things you can take action on. I wholeheartedly believe that if you put your minds, hearts, and resource$ together, you can devise solutions in collaboration with the grassroots movements already on the ground and help write a new, more promising chapter of race relations in America.
5. *Keep* looking in the mirror
Each of us has a part to play in creating the workplace and world that sees the humanity and value in all people. Each of us has a part to play in creating an environment where all people can *live* with dignity and respect. To accomplish this, it's vital that you do some retrospection and reflection and ask yourself: What am I doing today to be a part of the solution? What will I do tomorrow to be a part of the solution? What will I do next week? Next month? Next year?…
We must never stop looking in the mirror, for it's the only way we can truly ensure we bring about the change we wish to see.
Image source: Dan Reilly
Continue on to read my follow-up to this post: Dear America: Meet My White Boss That Talks About Race and also check out my article I'm Not Surprised Black People Are Being Killed in America
Also, I want to sincerely thank you for engaging with my story.
Make Your Virtual Dreams A Reality — Introducing the Manila Vive Jam
VR Philippines Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 6, 2016
This January 16–17, VR Philippines would be hosting the Manila Vive Jam — a virtual reality game jam that will bring together brilliant minds to learn and collaborate on creating immersive virtual reality applications and experiences using room-scale tracking and natural input technology that is made possible with the HTC Vive and SteamVR platform.
The Vive is Valve and HTC's Virtual Reality solution that allows users to experience fully immersive games and experiences. It runs on Valve' SteamVR software platform.
What makes the Vive miles ahead of other VR devices is that it is capable of room-scale tracking through its lighthouse technology, which means that users can walk freely around a 4.5mx4.5m space and fully interact naturally with the virtual environment using the two tracked controllers.
For an idea of what the Vive feels like, take a look at the reaction of people in this video from the pre-event meetup and demos we held last December:
Developers and designers of varying skill levels, from students to professional game developers, are all invited to participate either as a team or individually. As long as you have a basic knowledge of either Unity or Unreal game development engines, and the passion to turn your virtual dreams into reality, you're pretty much qualified for the event.
Registered jammers will get meals for the 2-day jam, an event shirt, lots of cool freebies, and access to one of the only two Vive development kits in the Philippines.
The Vive Jam is not a competition but rather an event where developers will have a chance to learn and develop on the hottest VR platform around. The jam is in the spirit of learning and collaboration, on making cool stuff and sharing ideas and best practices and having fun with this cool new tech.
All teams that will join this event will have a chance to get their hands on their own HTC Vive development kit as we will showcase all of the content developed for the jam and help each one reach out to Valve and HTC to request their own kits to continue their development.
If you are interested in joining the Manila Vive Jam, you can now register on the official event page!
On the afternoon of the second day, January 17th, there will be show and tell presentations and demo sessions where attendees can try out the VR experiences developed during the jam. If you are interested in attending the demo day, you may also register on the official event page.
The second day will also be the premiere of the first 360 documentary shot in the Philippines, Happyland360. We will be setting up Gear VRs for attendees to watch it in 360.
Confronting the challenges of the future. Julio Cortez/AP
Malcolm Harris argues that grim realities are driving the disdain for Gen Y.
Kids These Days is being released at a time when the its subject generation is contending not only with its own unique set of struggles, but with significant and alarming political and ecological challenges for the world at large, including climate change and the rise of white nationalism. But Harris, a Millennial himself, is not a pessimist, and believes positive social and economic change is possible, largely depending upon the choices Millennials make. In an interview, Harris discussed the unique relationship between Millennials and capitalism, today's brand of youth activism, and the relationship between Millennials and younger generations. What's the worst stereotype about Millennials you'd most like to provide context for?
I tried to address the idea of Millennial stereotypes in the introduction [to Kids These Days] a bit, but I don't spend a lot of time on it. [The book] is not a counterpoint to the stereotypes because that's mostly a waste of time. What [Millennial stereotypes] really add up to is the idea that Millennials are responsible for the labor relations that structure their lives or characterize our cohort experience—that they are essential qualities of us as people rather than conditioning that's been foisted upon us by structures larger than ourselves. [Follow CityLab on Instagram] Throughout the decades, there has always been hand-wringing about “the youth.” Are Millennials treated differently—are we more or less maligned—than previous generations of young people? Every cohort relation between younger and older is fraught in various ways. They're mostly symbolic. The historical circumstances lead to different tensions. The way society is organized now, intergenerational tension characterizes society in one form or another no matter what: Old people have always had problems with young people and young people therefore have always had problems with old people. But with [Millennials], the form that intergenerational [tension] has taken is less cultural and symbolic, and more material. There are regular headlines that accuse Millennials of "killing" some product or industry. What do you think this reveals about what's expected or demanded of Millennials in our society?
It's kind of funny, right? It's as if we are our consumer choices. I think it reflects a few things. One is the identification of Millennials with history. So if there are things that happen, it's our fault [simply] because we are the next cohort. So you can project onto us the fault for these shifts that actually characterize us as much as anything. The reason that casual restaurants are closing is because people don't have time and money to afford it. It's strange that we see economists and business people blaming customers for not being able to afford things. Theoretically, that's not our fault, that's the market's fault—if we can't afford things, it's not our fault for not wanting them. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... You were involved in Occupy Wall Street, which is a predominantly Millennial movement, and of course there's a long history of student and youth activism in this country. Where do you think Millennials fit in with this arc and are we different in any way? I think the level of political sophistication has accelerated rapidly in ways that people didn't really see coming; in ways that I didn't see coming. But we moved very quickly. The level of understanding of the average young person of the world and how the world is structured and whose interests and on whose backs, etc. is very, very high, right? And that ties into most [Millennials] not liking capitalism. I think most people understand that this is capitalism and they don't like it. But it clarifies that this is not a system that's operating by our consent. The protests of this generation have clarified the same thing. Video games have been important for this generation, but the subject didn't make it into Kids These Days. Gamergate was a formative and also traumatic event for our generation and the current political landscape. Can you speak a bit about video games, as an outsider to that subculture? Video games are definitely a blind spot for me. I wasn't allowed to play video games as a child. My mother was convinced it was a plot of the military-industrial complex to make us all into gun pilots. Which is not actually a bad guess, as it turned out. So I was always terrible at video games and never played them and never learned anything about them or gaming culture.
But it wasn't that surprising that people play video games all day and they have bad politics. As an outside observer you can see this formation of right-wing misogynist politics and the use of the Internet by organized misogynists, politically organized misogynists. And that made it into the book; that is a thing that I'm certainly concerned about. What do you think lies ahead for Millennials? And can we do anything that makes the world a better place for Gen Z and those that come after? We'll see. I'm curious to see what the shape of Gen Z will be, but if we think about what the world will look like 40 years into the future ... if there hasn't been any foundational change, it's going to be a really fucked-up place. And [Millennials] will be, in large part, responsible for that. On the other hand, if there is a major change, which I think will happen, we're going to be, in large part, responsible for that also. We're coming up on a crucial timeframe that just happens to elapse at the same time as our lives. And not thanks to any choices that we've made; it just so happens to be the case. [As for Gen Z], we continue to live underneath social structures where it's not like any individual has a good choice, or that individual choices matter that much, so it's going to be about social choices—which we're making all the time, whether we think about them or not. And we're going to have to start thinking about and making choices that way, because, individually, we're not going to be able to treat anybody any differently. So I think it depends on what we do with the world. This interview has been edited for length and clarity. This story originally appeared on Pacific Standard, an editorial partner site. Subscribe to the magazine in print and follow Pacific Standard on Twitter to support journalism in the public interest.
For months the press has labeled Donald Trump a blustering bully whose rhetoric shifts just as quickly as his temper. But what if his seemingly random insults are not random at all, and his vast appeal to primary voters has come about because of meticulously crafted messaging? What if The Donald is using mental tricks from the fields of hypnosis and persuasion to influence the electorate?
That is the argument put forth by Scott Adams, who calls Trump a "Master Wizard." The prolific author and creator of the massively popular comic strip Dilbert doesn't see Trump's appeal as an accident, or even as unpredictable. He's been boldly stating since early in the primary season that Trump would go on to be the Republican nominee, and eventually win the presidency in one of the biggest landslides in history. Given that The Donald has amassed more than half the delegates needed to secure the GOP nomination and he doesn't seem to be slowing down any time soon, perhaps this prediction isn't as wild as some observers once believed.
In the video below, Adams explains to Reason TV how Trump uses visual imagery, vagueness, "linguistic kill shots," and other techniques to work his magic on voters.
Hi everyone, Bryan Here….
I can easily say that Rob Zombie's ‘31‘ is one of my most anticipated movies of 2016. I know it shouldn't be, but Rob Zombie is such a fun filmmaker in the horror genre, that I consistently look forward to his original films. I don't count his ‘Halloween‘ remakes, because they weren't really any good. However, ‘The Devil's Rejects‘, ‘House of 1000 Corpses‘, and ‘Lords of Salem‘ all were highly entertaining and showed that Zombie progressed as a filmmaker. His upcoming film ‘31‘ just sounds insane, and I've been chomping at the bit to see it. We finally have a trailer and it looks so good.
Official Synopsis: On October 30, 1975, five carnival workers were kidnapped and held hostage until the following night (Halloween), where they are put in a compound. They're told that they are there to take part in a game named “31” where the goal is to survive past the next 12 hours. This is made difficult by the fact that they are not alone; a violent gang of evil clowns are there and stalking their every move.
Enjoy the trailer, while I anxiously await the Red Band trailer.
Tesla has been working on Autopilot 2.0 software for a year now almost to the day and some owners think that they have not shown enough progress. That's why it wasn't surprising to see the first question during a recent Q&A session with Tesla's President of Sales and Service, Jon McNeill, being about Autopilot 2.0.
In his response, the executive cautiously addressed an upcoming update which he tested himself.
McNeill was in Amsterdam on Monday for a ‘Tesla Owner social' event at their European headquarters. During his presentation, he made a few interesting comments, like revealing that Tesla is launching new all-electric service vehicles based on Model S and Model X next year.
After the presentation, he held a short Q&A session and the first question was “when will Autopilot 2.0 cars have feature parity with cars equipped with the first generation Autopilot?”
While Tesla has introduced the main Autopilot features, Autosteer, TACC, AEB, and Summon, to Autopilot 2.0 vehicles, there are still a few features relying on Autopilot sensors, like automatic wipers, that are not available and some owners argue whether the first or second generation is more reliable for the main features.
McNeill answered:
“Writing software for the new [Autopilot 2.0] hardware stack has been challenging, but we have some really great progress to reveal to you over the current quarter.”
The executive then revealed that he tested himself new software builds and he was very impressed by them. He reiterated that Tesla is being cautious about what it is pushing to customers and that what he tested is going to be operating in “shadow mode” in customer vehicles for “millions of miles” before being activated.
Fortunately for owners, Tesla's entire fleet drives millions of miles every day, therefore they should be able to accumulate good simulated miles quickly.
McNeill hinted that new “functionalities”, hopefully meaning ‘Enhanced Autopilot features', will arrive in the next “weeks or months.”
Update: A Tesla spokesperson sent us the following statement clarifying McNeill's comments: “We're working super hard on new features, and rapid progress is definitely being made. We are continuing to refine our existing features and will be rolling out new features as soon as they're validated. We're grateful for everyone's patience.”
Tesla CEO Elon Musk also commented on some unreleased Autopilot 2.0 software earlier this summer:
“As a side note, we're also making great progress on our internal Autopilot software. It's getting better and better. I'm really, really excited. I test drive the latest development release as soon as it comes out, and I'm like, this is really getting to be something special. Because, yes, I think it's going to accelerate from here. And the talent that we're seeing drawing on the technical side for Autopilot is really world class. It's unmatched anywhere, I would say.”
Hopefully, we do start to see some of those updates soon. A few months ago, Tesla increased its Autopilot data-gathering effort and Musk said that they are focusing on their neural net and computer vision technologies to improve Autopilot 2.0.
When the archaeologist Warwick Rodwell scooped up a handful of dust from the attics of Westminster Abbey and saw dozens of tiny fragments of glass glittering in the grime, he realised they were dealing with excavation, not house clearance.
The salvaged glass – some dating back to the 13th century, including stars, flowers and sun rays, fierce little mythical animals and beautiful medieval faces – is being recycled into dazzling new windows being made for the abbey at the stained glass studio at Canterbury Cathedral, where some of the original medieval glass artists may have worked.
The Westminster attics, the triforium, were being cleared out to create a museum space opening next year. It will be the first time the general public has been admitted to the spectacular space.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A conservator works on shards of glass salvaged from the attics of Westminster Abbey. Photograph: Martin Godwin for the Guardian
Until the new tower, which will be lit by the new windows, was built outside the walls of Poets' Corner, the only access was by a perilous, narrow spiral staircase used by centuries of workmen, and occasionally guests, and in the 20th century journalists, for great state occasions including coronations, royal weddings and funerals.
Rodwell said: “Once I saw the glass, the penny dropped. I realised this was treasure, not rubbish, and we would have to go through every inch of it. The workmen thought I was mad.”
The attics became one of the most unusual excavations anywhere: the diggers were working in pits up to 1.5 metres (5ft) deep, heavily masked to protect them from asbestos and lead dust, almost 30 metres above the floor of the abbey.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The cleared triforium in Westminster Abbey, where a new museum space will open in 2018. Photograph: David Levene for the Guardian
The cone-shaped pits were the upper sides of the vaulted ceiling, where layers of dust and rubbish had accumulated over 750 years, and the larger objects were sealed in when Sir Christopher Wren floored the space 300 years ago.
On Rodwell's orders, everything including greasy London soot from the time of Henry III was brought down to ground level in buckets and hand-sorted by teams of archaeologists.
Westminster Abbey's effigies get a makeover for new museum Read more
Rodwell, not a man for understatement, describes his excitement over the treasures as akin to Howard Carter finding the tomb of Tutankhamun.
His wonderful things include buttons and coins, the wrapper from a 17th-century pack of tobacco from a shop just outside the abbey walls, scraps of animal bone from workmen's lunches, a medieval leather knife sheath, a 17th-century playing card, one patten – a 15th-century wooden and leather overshoe – and Rodwell's favourite, invitations to the coronation of Queen Anne in 1702.
One was torn into four and dropped down between the floorboard, presumably in the long hours the ticket holder, Samuel Prat DD, spent hanging around waiting for something to happen.
Eventually, they had 30,000 pieces of glass, taken to the stained glass studio, which looks after Canterbury Cathedral's acres of glass but also takes on conservation projects for churches across the country.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The team from Canterbury's stained glass studio sorted and photographed 30,000 fragments. Photograph: Martin Godwin for the Guardian
Leonie Seliger and her team cleaned, sorted and photographed every sliver from Westminster down to fragment the size of little finger nails. They were sorted by colours, and star objects including the exquisite 15th-century head of the Virgin, one tear sliding down her cheek as she watches the death of her son. One lovely painted head of a prophet is so close in style to a window in Canterbury that Seliger believes it has to be by the same master craftsman.
New tower will reveal hidden world of Westminster Abbey Read more
“There are puzzles upon puzzles,” Seliger said. “We have one piece of Victorian glass, all the rest is medieval including thousands of pieces of flower-painted grisaille from windows which nobody knew had been in the abbey – the 19th-century antiquarians who crawled all over the place made no reference to it, so they must have already vanished without trace by then.”
Laura Atkinson, who has been researching the glass, has found some pieces that must date back to windows installed for Henry III in the 13th century. She and Grace Ayson also managed to match some pieces, going back into the 30,000 photographs and managing to find the tail to accompany the head of one particularly vivid little 14th-century griffin. “It has been the best jigsaw puzzle in the world,” she said.
A unique display method has been created, matching the medieval scraps by shape and colour, but displaying each as a separate fragment slotted into a glass frame, then sandwiched in two more panels of clear glass. Behind them in the workshop, there is a stack of the modern glass panels they have cracked in the process.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Conservators match medieval scraps by shape and colour, but display each as a separate fragment. Photograph: Martin Godwin for the Guardian
Although the windows will be completed in spring for installation before the tower and the triforium open in June, research will continue for years on the finds.
Rodwell is left mourning all the rubbish cleared from other medieval churches, and Westminster itself, without any archaeological oversight.
“Here, the space over the chapels was cleared in the 1950s, and we found it clean as a whistle, not a dead spider left, and absolutely no record of what was found,” he said. “Heaven alone knows what treasures we have lost, but at least what we have done here will serve as a warning to other places not just to bin the lot.”
Game Information Platform:
PC / Oculus Rift
Developer(s):
Headtrip Games llc
Publisher(s):
Headtrip Games llc
Genre(s):
Action
Adventure
Simulation
Mode(s):
Single Player
Other Platform(s):
None
Source:
Provided by Publisher PC / Oculus RiftHeadtrip Games llcHeadtrip Games llcActionAdventureSimulationSingle PlayerNoneProvided by Publisher
FREE Shipping - NO Credit Card Fees
SURPRISINGLY SLIM Introducing the XD-S™. Superior innovation in the palm of your hand. This slim, powerful addition to the XD® line delivers all the performance of a .45 expertly engineered to fit in any size hand.
Every carefully crafted design element of the XD-S™ is engineered to deliver an unmatched shooting experience that's as simple and intuitive as using your own hand.
At only 1” wide, the XD-S™ fits as perfectly into your concealed-carry strategy as it does in the palm of your hand. And with it, you get the power of a .45 with superior control and comfort without sacrificing important safety features.
CALIBER .45 ACP CAPACITY 5 + 1 RDS WEIGHT 21.5 oz. BARREL MELONITE® Fully Supported Ramp SIGHTS STEEL DOVETAIL REAR FIBER OPTIC FRONT SLIDE FORGED STEEL FRAME BLACK POLYMER MAGAZINES 2 STAINLESS STEEL SINGLE STACK, 5 rd OVERALL HEIGHT with Magazine 4.4" OVERALL LENGTH 6.3" OVERALL WIDTH 1"
*not actual picture*
Read More
"I am truly sorry that I had offended you, and I must bear full responsibility for my actions," the imam says.
SINGAPORE: An imam under police investigation for allegedly making remarks against Christians and Jews during his Friday sermon at a mosque has apologised, saying he is "filled with great remorse" and stressing that the supplication was not an extract from the Quran.
His lawyer Noor Marican said Imam Nalla Mohamed Abdul Jameel made the apology at the Harmony in Diversity Gallery at Maxwell Road on Friday morning (Mar 31), in front of Christian, Sikh, Taoist, Buddhist, Hindu representatives, as well as members of the Federation of Indian Muslims.
Advertisement
VIDEO: Imam Nalla Mohamed's apology to Singapore's religious leaders for his remarks against Christians and Jews https://t.co/P4ZiQ23cXo pic.twitter.com/X2MjVUwsZD — Channel NewsAsia (@ChannelNewsAsia) March 31, 2017
A transcript of his apology is as follows:
To all Singaporeans.
I am filled with great remorse for the inconvenience, tension and trauma that I have caused to this peaceful country.
My actions were not complementary to the ethos and essence of this young yet great nation.
What I did, was done within the limitations of my personal exposure and adaptability. I had recited the additional supplication in Arabic, which was taken from an old text that originated from my village in India. It was not an extract from the Holy Quran.
As a resident here from a foreign land, I should have practised my faith in accordance with, and appropriate to, the social norms and laws of this country. I fully admit that my said actions have no place, wheresoever, in this extremely multi-religious and multi-cultural society.
This episode has educated and enlightened me, and I am deeply thankful to God for this realisation. I am also very relieved that the society has remained calm. I am glad that the Police had given me the full opportunity to explain myself during the investigations.
I fully respect the laws of the land and appreciate the concerns of her people. I am truly sorry that I had offended you, and I must bear full responsibility for my actions, as part of my duty to all Singaporeans and residents.
In response to media queries, the Ministry of Home Affairs said: "We note the apology. It is not appropriate to comment at this juncture because investigations are not finalised."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS) acknowledged the imam's apology as well, but also did not want to comment further, until after investigations are concluded. It had said in a statement last month that "there can be no room for discourse that promotes intolerance, enmity or violence against other communities".
APOLOGY COULD BE STRONG MITIGATION FACTOR: LAWYERS
Lawyers Channel NewsAsia spoke to said that the imam's apology could be a strong mitigation factor if the case is brought before a court.
Mdm Halijah Mohammad, from Halijah Mohamad and Company, said: "Legally, he could still face charges based on the Racial Harmony Act and Sedition Act, but the apology could be the difference between him getting a jail term and being fined. It shows he is remorseful of his transgressions."
Another lawyer, Abdul Rohim Sarip, from A Rohim, Noor Lila and Partners, agreed saying the apology might help the imam "a great deal". "His apology will factor in to what punishment he gets. There is also the possibility that the police will not pursue the matter further - in which case the apology is the end of it.“
Law and Home Affairs Minister K Shanmugam had said in Parliament religious preaching that encourages violence or pits one religion against another will not be tolerated in Singapore.
Video of the imam's remarks uploaded to social media sparked widespread debate, with some criticising the uploader for whipping up tensions between religious groups, and others saying he was right in bringing the matter to light.
Minister-in-charge of Muslim Affairs Yaacob Ibrahim had called for calm in the Muslim community and said "on such sensitive matters, it would be better to go to the authorities in the first instance, rather than online".
Don't say I didn't warn you.
It's a day no follower of this blog would ever want to miss.
It's the day the nation honors all that is good with a very special taste treat.
It's National Hot Dog Day on Wednesday.
How appropriate that just days before the big day this blogger (while visiting my parents) stumbled upon this massive hot dog, with mustard and relish, hanging in the atrium in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in my native Cleveland.
Not that I have any problem with it, but it begs to ask, why is a huge hot dog hanging from the I.M. Pei designed glass ceiling of this shrine to Rock ‘n Roll in Cleveland? (headlights and all).
Well low and behold it's the infamous Phish hot dog!
Phish hot dog?
Where have I been?
“Hot Dog! A 15-foot flying frankfurter used as a prop by the band Phish is headed for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum.
Members of the quartet rode to the stage aboard the jumbo frank (to the tune of an original song titled "Meatstick") when the performed New Year's Eve for 75,000 fans at the Big Cypress Seminole Indian Reservation in Florida. Phish's marathon concerts and improvised mix of rock, jazz and other musical styles have won the Burlington, Vt., group a Grateful Dead-like following.
The hot dog made its debut in 1994, along with a side order of giant fries and an oversized cup, when Phish headlined a show in Boston.
"They were playing around with all kinds of ideas. Out of the blue, our drummer, Jon Fishman, blurted out, 'What if we flew out in a giant hot dog>' Everyone thought it was the greatest idea in the world," said John Paluska, Phish's manager.
Plans call for the wacky wiener to hang from the ceiling in the rock hall's main lobby, with the fries and soda installed on the museum's lower level. The steel-and-foam foodstuff on loan from the band indefinitely, will go on display in the spring, said rock hall chief curator, Jim Henke.
"The hot dog is in sort of bad shape," Henke said, "Some of the paint needs to be touched up and there are a few chunks missing. We're going to spruce it up a bit before it goes up.
We've been making an effort to go after items from more contemporary bands . . . The hot dog was just a fun piece to have. Obviously, it wasn't for the serious rock 'n' roll history of it."
The props were designed by artist Chris McGregor and built by Rocket Science, a scenery company based in San Francisco.
Asked why Phish's hot dog belongs in the rock hall, Paluska replied, "That's a good question."
Upon further reflection, he added, "I think Phish belong in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. They're really serious musicians. But they understand the value of comic relief." "
Well you learn something every day. Add this blogger to the list of folks who believe Phish needs to be inducted into the Rock 'N Roll Hall of Fame!
So now you know where this blogger will be on this weekend on July 26th and 27th.
Merriweather Post Pavilion for the Phish concert. Us h ot dog lovers need to stick together. Al just a few days after National Hot Dog Day.
Thanks for the big hot dog Phish and here's to my new favorite band getting inducted into the Rock ‘N Roll Hall of Fame in the near future.
Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.) is endorsing Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) in the 2016 presidential race.
“Marco Rubio represents a strong, new generation of leadership,” Comstock said in a statement Wednesday. She added that he “understands firsthand the struggles facing middle-class families” as well as “the complex national security challenges we face.”
While Comstock is only a freshman, her sprawling district in the Washington exurbs will be critical for Republicans next year. The party sees Virginia as essential to victory . Comstock is the only Republican lawmaker in the area.
“With Barbara's support, we can win in a key swing state like Virginia,” Rubio said in a statement.
Rubio held a fundraiser for Comstock during her congressional bid last year, her first. Rubio has been courting Romney associates; Comstock was a policy adviser to the former Massachusetts governor in 2008 and co-chaired his Virginia campaign in 2012.
Rubio's former chief of staff, Cesar Conda, also advised Romney in 2008 and co-chaired the anti-abortion Susan B. Anthony List with Comstock that year.
Last week, Rubio rolled out 60 GOP endorsements in Virginia, including his campaign co-chairs: State Sen. Bryce Reeves, House Majority Leader Kirk Cox and Del. Kathy Byron.
30 March 2016 • Gareth Halfacree
Home computers and games consoles in the 1980s ran on 8-bit processors with single- or occasionally double-digit megahertz clock speeds; today, even the cheapest of computers and games consoles run upwards of a gigahertz and with 32- or 64-bit processors. 8-bit chips haven't died, though: the majority of Arduino models and their various compatibles and clones still use 8-bit microcontrollers running at 16MHz - and that means they can be used to produce a computing experience not too far removed from the classic systems of the 1980s.
This concept is brilliantly illustrated in Chen Liang's latest Instructable: an Arduino-powered hand-held game console built into a credit-card-sized Asahi Mintia sweet box. Spotting that the opening from which the tablet-sized sweets are dispensed was almost exactly the same size as a micro-USB port, Liang's project was born - and the finish he has achieved is little short of incredible.
Using a 3.3V Arduino Pro Micro board, a tiny sub-1" organic LED (OLED) display panel, a recycled speaker, and a lithium polymer battery, the Arduino Mintia console features eight buttons - four navigation buttons and four fire buttons - straddling the screen, a switch to change from USB charging mode to battery power mode, and a surprising amount of recycled components well-fitting to its repurposed housing.
For the game, Liang modified a version of the block-stacking classic Tetris written by João Vilaça to run on the Arduino Pro Micro and support the tiny OLED display panel. This did, however, result in a somewhat cramped playfield: with a limited 96x64 resolution, the game which was originally written for a 320x240 display is playable but with extremely compact graphics - a common complaint of early hand-held consoles, funnily enough.
Liang's project walks the reader through everything from physical placement of the parts to modifying the plastic Mintia housing - a simple task with masking tape, a drill, cutters, and a sharp knife to tidy up the edges - as well as explaining some of the decisions he made throughout the build. Even if you're not planning to build a hand-held console any time soon, it's a great project for seeing how everyday objects can be reused as a housing and how an Arduino can be made entirely portable and self-contained at a surprisingly low cost.
This Instructable shows you how to use a tiny candy box to create an Arduino colour game console. The candy box design make it very easy to take one and only one tablet out when put off the cover, you can see the video demo how it works. It even has many 3rd parties tailor-made leather case for MINTIA. This candy box is very thin and the tablet outlet is very fit for the micro USB plug. I would like to squeeze all electronic components in it to find out how much it can be.
Embattled Darlington's hopes of strengthening their team for tomorrow's game with Fleetwood were shattered last night.
Quakers had lined up four loan signings from a pair of North-East clubs who were due to train with Darlington today, but the moves have been blocked by officials from the Football Conference.
And The Northern Echo understands that a high-ranking Fleetwood official has become involved in the issue.
It is believed that he contacted Quakers to express concern over the club bringing in players while being under a transfer embargo, before alerting the Conference to make it clear that Fleetwood did not approve of the loans.
Craig Liddle said: "Fleetwood have been on to the Conference, I don't think they're happy that we were allowed to bring loan players in when we've got an embargo."
However, Darlington had previously understood that the Conference allowed clubs in such a perilous position - they have only nine senior players - to bring in loan players to ensure that the competition is not undermined.
Last night a senior Quakers source told The Northern Echo: "At the start of the week we were told we could bring players in who weren't experienced, senior players, then today it was under-19s only and now it's no players at all."
He added that the Conference's stance was that Darlington are not permitted to make any loan signings as they are able to field 11 players because all of their youth team players are registered to play.
However, Quakers have only nine senior pros including Paul Arnison, wanted by Wrexham and nursing a calf strain and Marc Bridge-Wilkinson who is being courted by Lincoln.
Demonstrating how desperate the situation is, Liddle, 40, has registered himself to play - seven years after retiring. He has taken the number four squad number that he wore throughout his time as a player with the club.
The Conference were contacted last night but were unavailable for comment.
Yesterday afternoon Liddle had to call Middlesbrough and Newcastle United to say their players could no longer join Darlington on a temporary basis.
The clubs had answered Quakers' SOS call with a goalkeeper, a defender, a midfielder and a striker all ready to play tomorrow.
Liddle said: "I had four loan players lined up to come in, but then the Conference told us that you can only bring under-19s in.
"The lads I was going to bring in were all second year pros, so aged 19 or 20, but the Conference are saying that they've got to be under-19.
"They think they're doing us a favour, but I'm trying to protect our own kids - I'm not going to damage someone else's.
"We spoke to the Conference to tell them that we were bringing these players in, but then we were told that they couldn't come in and the players are naturally disappointed as well.
"These deals had been worked on for over a week, but it's been killed with one swoop. The Conference will not change their minds, now but the game's been made far more difficult than it should've been."
The Conference's stance means that 17-year-old Jordan Nixon will make his debut in goal tomorrow.
At the beginning of the week Liddle hoped to sign an experienced shot-stopper and had lined up an ex-Darlington team-mate of his.
He then had a goalkeeper on standby from a Premier League club, not in the North-East, but youth team keeper Nixon will now start against Fleetwood.
Being blocked from bringing in loans means that four youngsters are being denied first-team experience, and the managers of both Newcastle and Middlesbrough are keen to help Darlington.
Asked about the possibility of providing loan players to the club, Magpies' manager Alan Pardew said: "Of course we'd try to help them. That doesn't mean we have players who would fit in the team and I can afford to let them go.
"But he [Craig Liddle] only has to pick up the phone to me and I will try to help him."
And Boro boss Tony Mowbray said: "As a club, if we can help them in any way with regard to young players, then that's something we could also try to do."
During a frantic day of discussions at The Northern Echo Arena yesterday, Quakers finally resolved a registration wrangle that at one stage meant they could not field a team tomorrow.
The decision by administrator to make players redundant on Monday caused confusion and yesterday the Football Association and the Professional Footballers' Association were required to find a solution.
Liddle explained: "At about 3pm we didn't have a single player available, not one - including the youth team. When I got that call I felt like giving up.
"We've been dealing with the FA and their rulings which meant that they weren't going to allow anyone to play.
"There's been so many things happening, but I've managed to rectify the problem so I think we've got enough bodies to play now.
"The PFA stepped in to help so the players are now eligible to play. Harvey (Madden, administrator) was speaking to them and he has done great for us so that we can at least put a side out."
But Liddle's reaction was lukewarm when asked about the chances of former Middlesbrough striker Jan Aage Fjortoft turning out.
The Norweigan, who played alongside Liddle at Boro, announced his availability on Twitter this week.
Liddle said: "I appreciate the offer, but he's 45. I played with him at Middlesbrough and he's a great lad, but I think we need someone a little bit younger."
The 18th Annual Chatham House Conference on Climate Change being held today in London is, for better or worse, sponsored by Shell. As one of the world's leading oil and gas companies, Shell hasn't exactly been a friend to the environment, though the company would point out that it encourages sustainable designs like this football field powered by human energy in Brazil. Environmentalist Bill McKibben, the conference's keynote speaker, used his time at the podium to ream out the event's unlikely corporate sponsors:
I didn't know Shell was sponsoring this conference when I agreed to do it, but I'm glad for the chance to say in public that Shell is among the most irresponsible companies on earth. When they write the history of our time, the fact that Shell executives watched the Arctic melt and then led the rush to go drill for oil in that thawing north will provide the iconic example of the shortsighted greed that marks the richest people on our planet.
Well then. Since the conference is being held at the Chatham House, its attendees must follow the renowned Chatham House Rule: The identity of speakers isn't disclosed to the public in order to encourage open and free debate. Despite the rules, however, McKibben's speech quickly became a matter of public record when his own organization 350.org posted it and conference attendees tweeted highlights.
Unswayed by the promise of anonymity, fossil fuel reps declined to counter McKibben's takedown, apparently.
Environmentalists were clued into the discord before the conference had even started: In the lead-up to the event, Shell displayed ads and billboards around London touting its commitment to climate action. Protesters outside the conference echoed McKibben's sentiments about Shell's sponsorship.
A spokeswoman from Shell declined to comment directly on what McKibben said, but referred Quartz to a speech on energy policy that Shell CEO Ben van Beurden gave at Columbia University in September.
(Getty Images)
Patients notched a rare win over the pharmaceutical industry Monday when the Nevada Legislature revived a bill requiring insulin makers to disclose the profits they make on the life-sustaining drug. In a handful of other states, bills addressing drug prices have stalled.
Many of the 1.25 million Americans who live with Type 1 diabetes cheered the legislative effort in Nevada as an important first step in their fight against skyrocketing costs of a drug on which their lives depend. The cost of insulin medications has steadily risen over the past decade by nearly 300 percent.
Prominent patient advocacy groups, such as the American Diabetes Association, have maintained stony silence while diabetes patients championed the bill and lobbied the legislature during this debate – a silence that patients and experts say stems from financial ties.
"Normally all of the patient advocacy groups rally around causes and piggyback on each other in a productive way – that's what advocacy groups are good at – but that hasn't been the case here," says Thom Scher, chief operating officer of Beyond Type 1, which does not accept donations from the pharmaceutical industry. Beyond Type 1 has not issued a formal opinion on the Nevada bill.
Many of the dozens of U.S. diabetes advocacy organizations, large and small, garner significant portions of their funding from insulin manufacturers. The Nevada bill also requires such organizations operating in-state to disclose all contributions they receive from the pharmaceutical industry to discourage that sort of conflict.
In 2016, two of the "big three" insulin producers – Eli Lilly and Sanofi – contributed at least $4.7 million to such national patient advocacy groups as the American Diabetes Association, Diabetes Patient Advocacy Coalition (DPAC), JDRF International and the Diabetes Hands Foundation, according to company disclosures. The third major insulin manufacturer, Novo Nordisk, does not disclose its charitable contributions.
The advocacy groups have taken no position on the Nevada legislation. Generally speaking, their advocacy focuses on pressuring insurers to pay the price of insulin, not protesting price rises.
Local diabetes groups, hardly free from conflicts with the pharmaceutical industry, have also stayed on the sidelines.
The Nevada Diabetes Association officially issued a neutral opinion.
"The Nevada Diabetes Association supports regulations on medications. The problem with SB 265 is that it is not just regulating medication but the industry," says Executive Director Sarah Gleich.
The nonprofit does not list its fiscal sponsors on its website or most recent 990 tax form.
"We disclose what we have received, and the IRS does not require that we publicly publish from whom," Gleich says. "No one is giving out their invitation list to the party."
Gleich says the Nevada Diabetes Association receives table sponsorships and supplies for camp programs from the pharmaceutical industry but "nothing that would make a dent on the budget." Auditing non-monetary donations in order to meet the bill's transparency requirement would be burdensome, Gleich says.
Membership dues accounted for only about $6,000 of the group's $320,000 in revenue last year, according to its latest tax form.
The American Diabetes Association – which operates a Nevada chapter – accepted at least $3.9 million from Eli Lilly and Sanofi last year.
"The American Diabetes Association believes that no individual in need of lifesaving medications such as insulin should ever go without due to prohibitive costs," Michelle Kirkwood, its director of strategic communications and media relations, said in a statement. She would not say whether the nonprofit supports the bill.
Former American Diabetes Association CEO Larry Hausner wrote an op-ed in the Nevada Appeal opposing the legislation. "Caring for people with diabetes involves more than what they pay for insulin or another medication," Hausner wrote. "As a lifelong patient advocate, I know Nevadans expect more out of their elected officials." Hausner, now the president of a consulting and public affairs firm, serves on the board of directors of Research!America, a nonprofit promoting increased federal funding for public health research, alongside Sanofi's president of global research and development, Elias Zerhouni.
The Diabetes Hands Foundation expressed neutrality on the bill. "This state priority in Nevada is a good step towards a larger conversation about the costs of chronic care conditions like diabetes," said the foundation's director of advocacy, Mandy Jones. "But it's hard to know the particular outcome of this particular bill in the U.S. market."
JDRF International would not comment. DPAC deferred questions to the National Diabetes Volunteer Leadership Council.
Against the backdrop of silence from these patient advocacy groups, a community of diabetes patients on Twitter elevated the bill's profile around the hashtag #insulin4all, created by T1International, a group in the United Kingdom that does not accept pharmaceutical donations.
"People feel frustrated. At the federal level, we're not being seen because there's so much going on politically," says Erin Gilmer, a Colorado advocate with Type 1 diabetes. "It might have to be a state-by-state movement."
Nevada Sen. Yvanna Cancela, who sponsored the bill, says she believed requiring diabetes advocacy groups to reveal their sources of funding was key to understanding their positions and bringing prices down. "I believe there should be transparency across the health care system," Cancela says.
Gov. Brian Sandoval said Monday night that he intends to sign the bill, according to a Nevada Independent reporter. If the governor takes no action, the transparency rules become law. The bill, SB539, incorporates provisions of an earlier bill approved by the legislature but vetoed by Sandoval. Sponsors stripped a controversial provision that would have required insulin manufacturers to warn patients 90 days before raising prices, which stoked concerns about drug stockpiling, the Associated Press reported Monday.
The Nevada bill "is definitely a step in the right direction," says Elizabeth Rowley, founder and director of T1International. "Almost anything requiring more transparency is incredibly important right now, especially at a time when almost all diabetes patient advocacy groups take funding from drug and device companies."
Laura Marston, an advocate in Washington, D.C., with Type 1 diabetes, says that there is plenty of grass-roots support for legislation on insulin prices but that advocacy organizations are not listening to the right people.
"There should be more focus on the one thing we need to survive. … Without insulin, I die a horrendous death in 12 to 24 hours," Marston says. "No grass-roots support? There's desperation."
403 Forbidden
403 Forbidden
MOBILE, Alabama – With prosthetic legs costing thousands of dollars, 19-year-old Parker Owen set out to see if he could make a durable, well-functioning one on the cheap.
His goal: A prosthetic leg that he could take with him on a summer mission trip to Honduras to give children and adults the gift of mobility.
Owen studied a diagram of a bicycle, and went to a local thrift store to buy a used one for just $25.
“I was being lazy and bored on a Saturday night. I turned my computer on and started looking at a bicycle diagram, and I thought, ‘Why hasn't anyone done this before?'” said Owen, who attends the Alabama School of Math and Science here and is from Columbiana near Birmingham.
“No idea has ever come easier for me.”
He said he doesn't think he ever would have been able to come up with this and other scientific ideas if he hadn't decided to attend the Alabama School of Math and Science, a public boarding school that offers college-level classes.
His teachers are proud of his efforts.
“I think it's ingenious that by looking at anatomy books and charts of bicycles, he was able to make a leg and meet a need,” said Donald Wheeler, who has taught most of Owen's physics classes. “I think it's great.”
All of the parts were already, and almost obviously, there, he said.
He used the seat for the foot, bending its end 45 degrees to form a heel; inner tubes for the tendons and calf muscles; the handle bars and pedal frame for the knee.
Owen attached part of a tire under the foot for traction and used more of the rubbery tires to create the boot that the stub of a leg would fit snuggly in.
He said it was surprisingly easy to put his prototype together. In fact, he said it only took him a few hours to assemble it.
He has since created a second, better model that, weighing in at 11 pounds, is lightweight and adjustable in size.
Air pressure can also be adjusted in the inner tubes to allow someone to stand up from a seated position, a complicated movement that can be challenging in creating a prosthetic leg, he said.
Owen has secured a provisional patent on what he calls, “Cycle-Leg,” and he's taken it to a prosthetic leg expert near Birmingham who said it's functional.
“In a way, it hasn't been done before, to take an ordinary, thrown-away object like this,” Owen said. “Some would say it's sculpture; some would say it's art. But in this case, it becomes a functional, utilitarian piece made with simple hand tools.”
Anyone could make a similar leg with some zip ties, a ratchet set and a hammer, he said. Besides the parts available on a standard adult bicycle, Owen said he used three nuts, three bolts and four washers.
Owen has received about $5,000 in donations to head to Honduras this summer with a group of Methodist churches from the Birmingham-Shelby County area. Unless he gets a company to donate bicycles, he plans to go to a salvage yard in Honduras and gather some bikes, so he doesn't have to pay shipping.
He hopes to create between 20-30 prosthetic legs from bicycles while he's in Honduras for about a week. Meanwhile, others in his group will work on water purification and on spreading the gospel.
“How much joy is it going to be to give someone who doesn't have mobility - and the only thing standing between him and mobility is cost – this,” Owen said, “for next to nothing.”
It would take years to get his design approved for use in the United States, Owen said, but he is hoping it will be well-received in Honduras.
“I don't see it as the greatest thing in the world, or the next big thing,” Owen said. “I do see it as providing a function for someone who is in need.”
Owen, who is on his school's robotics team, plans to enter “Cycle-Leg” in a national invention competition.
And in case making a prosthetic leg from a bicycle isn't impressive enough, Owen said he has even better ideas that he's working on. He's currently trying to map out the nerves in a human arm so he can create a hand that would be operable with someone's brain.
Owen, a senior, has taken 18 physics classes at the Alabama School of Math and Science, which is well above the required three.
He said he may be headed to Auburn University this fall to study mechanical engineering and theoretical physics. He wants to be an inventor and entrepreneur, as his father and grandparents are.
Owen's family includes his dad and step-mom, Scott and Taylor Owen, his mom Tina Owen and younger brother John Thomas Owen.
AP Photo/Charlie Riedel
The Seattle Seahawks decoded Peyton Manning's pre-snap audibles just a few drives into the Super Bowl, Seattle cornerback Richard Sherman told the MMQB's Robert Klemko.
Manning is known for employing a series of shouts and gestures before the snap, all of which are designed to adjust offensive plays to take advantage of whatever coverage the defense is playing.
His now-famous "Omaha!" had baffled teams and onlookers for weeks.
But Sherman says the Seahawks figured out what the hand signals meant early in the Super Bowl against the Denver Broncos, and just started dominating.
Peyton had one of his worst games of the year, throwing two interceptions and averaging less than six yards per attempt.
Here's what Sherman told the MMQB:
"'We knew what route concepts they liked on different downs, so we jumped all the routes. Then we figured out the hand signals for a few of the route audibles in the first half.'
"He demonstrates the signs Manning used for various routes, and says he and his teammates were calling out plays throughout the game and getting them right. 'Me, Earl [Thomas], Kam [Chancellor]… we're not just three All-Pro players. We're three All-Pro minds,' Sherman says. 'Now, if Peyton had thrown in some double moves, if he had gone out of character, we could've been exposed.'"
The Seahawks were essentially gambling, if Sherman is to be believed.
Manning is known for always being a step ahead of his opponent. He may have been out-thought on Sunday night.
NOW WATCH: You Won't Believe Which NFL Jersey Is The Top Seller
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
// OO.ready(function() { OO.Player.create('ooyalaplayer', 'U4dmowazobBABp5LIdQGffIpl4AQDWj1'); }); //
“unow a connect for codine” or “do you know of a connection for codeine”?
Our first question then becomes “What exactly is “lean”"? According to Urban Dictionary, “Lean” is described as follows:
“… 6. Lean is a mixed drink originating in the Southern Rap culture. It is a mixture of Promethazine and Codeine cough syrup and a soft drink such as Sprite (usually). While other soft drinks may be used, Sprite was the original. [And now also Arizona Watermelon for Watermelon Drank/Lean] There are some variations of Lean. For example, Promethazine and Codeine syrup is usually Purple in color. But there are other colors of syrup that work the same way. There is a golden-colored syrup (hydrocodone based) and other colors as well. Lean slows you down. It makes you feel good. It's meant to be sipped on, and it tastes damn good. One of the best feelings you will ever experience. Euphoria with a hint of sedation. …” Lean is also the drug mixture that killed Pimp C...
OK, so now we know Trayvon is seeking a source for a powerful cough syrup, commonly used in the ”drug culture or circle” to make an intoxicating drink called “Lean” – also known as the infamous “purple drank/Purple Lean/Lean/Sizzurp.”
Purple Lean, or Lean, is an intoxicating beverage also known by the names lean, sizzurp, and liquid codeine. It is commonly abused by southern rappers and wannabe suburban teenagers. It is a mixture of Promethazine/Codeine cough syrup and sprite, or other beverage [such as Arizona Watermelon] with a few jolly ranchers and/or skittles thrown in.
There are your “DXM” ”Watermelon Lean” Ingredients
Arizona Watermelon Juice purchased from 7-11 included in the Crime Scene Photographs and incorrectly listed/discussed as “Tea” by Benjamin Crump, the media, and even police reporting authorities.
Promethazine with codeine, consumed in such large amounts as is popular with such southern rappers as lil wayne, slim thug, and Big Moe, produces an opiate-like high that is potentiated by the Promethazine. Promethazine by itself will not produce a high. The beverage must be sipped slowly, and not guzzled, in order to avoid unconsciousness and/or life threatening overdose.
But what does this have to do with Robitussin or “DXM”? Trayvon clarifies in his next message:
“codine is a higher dose of dxm”
…...and further believes he can obtain the same high [as smoking pot] by drinking “Lean” . But that's not nearly as important as the fact that he's clearly under the impression that prescription Codine is a stronger form of the drug DXM found in various versions of cough suppressant or cough medications.
So, what then exactly is “DXM“?
“DXM” is an abbreviation for the cough suppressant Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide — which is the active ingredient in the cough-syrup brand Robitussin.
According to numerous websites found with a search, DXM is increasingly being abused as a recreational drug. One of the more scholarly and scientific sites found with in-depth analysis of DXM and its various uses is “Erowid.org“... According to Erowid's ”DXM Home Page“:
DXM is a widely available over-the-counter cough suppressant. When taken far above its standard medical dosage, it is a strong dissociative used primarily by teens.
...Erowid begins to hint at DXM's seriousness in their “DXM Basics” discussion:
“…High doses … are sometimes compared to the effects of other dissociatives such as PCP or ketamine…”
This stuff is compared to PCP ? This is no exaggeration! DXM in higher doses is actually a very volatile and dangerous drug, and they are quite right when they compare DXM to PCP and Ketamine!
In fact, the drug has come to be known in some circles as “Poor-Man's PCP!”
Perhaps more importantly, unlike marijuana and many other drugs of abuse, DXM does not cause sedation, and in fact can produce profound agitation hence the comparison to PCP. In the “DXM Basics – Problems” section, Erowid notes:
“…DXM causes physical and psychological effects that may be frightening or unpleasant… Psychological effects can include profound disorientation, depression, a feeling of personal disintegration, or a feeling of “unreality” and disconnection that may persist for days. Chronic use may cause depression, psychological dependency, and possibly brain damage. Large doses may be associated with psychotic breaks…”
...We know from his own words to his friends that Trayvon has used DXM as far back as June 2011... We [also] know from Trayvon's own words that he's experienced “lean” – and since he knows what DXM is – but thinks the promethazine/codeine cocktail is “a higher dose” then he's also experienced DXM, at least at a “lower plateau.”
In answer to the question “What's the DXM Trip Like” the author says:
“Well, that depends on how much you take. There are four different kinds of experiences, based on the dosage; these are called plateaus. The first plateau is a mild stimulant effect with a little bit of a buzz, and has been compared to MDA [a more psychedelic cousin of MDMA -aka-"Ecstasy"]. The second plateau is more intoxicating and has been compared to being drunk and stoned at the same time. The third plateau is dissociative, like a lower dose of ketamine. The fourth plateau is fully dissociative like a higher dose of ketamine. You should not [emphasis original!] attempt higher plateau doses unless you have someone with you who can take care of you in case you get sick or freak out. It happens on DXM.
Many things can happen unexpectedly on upper plateaus, such as spontaneous memory recall, complex delusions, hallucinations, out-of-body experiences, near-death experiences, and perceived contact with spiritual or alien entities. You need to be pretty stable and grounded before you can handle these things“.
...In the FAQ's section on “Psychotic Breaks” the author notes:
“…Be very careful in trying to restrain the tripper, since she or he may perceive this as a threat, and will probably be mostly immune to pain...the tripper, like a cornered animal, could beat the living sh** out of you without thinking twice. (!!) …”
So, where does all of this lead? At this point, after reviewing all the information, it appears quite [possible] that a ... drug cocktail use specifically led to the mindset, or psychological environment, between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin on the night of February 26th.
The tone or hostility of the encounter, and Trayvon's response to being confronted, would more easily be understood against the backdrop of the discovery for his prior drug use; and more specifically the types of drugs being used.
...Trayvon was admittedly, according to his Facebook conversations, a user of DXM and Purple Drank/Lean since at least June 2011. He was also an admitted smoker of Marijuana which was found in both his urine and blood tests. His liver indicates the beginning stages of an unusual degrading known as “mild fatty metamorphasis”, and his brain tissue appeared compromised, both conditions symptomatic of DXM use.
In addition he was suspended from school three times in the past seven months prior to the shooting for behavioral issues. He was detached from adult supervision at the time in question, in a relatively unfamiliar place, and according to his father Tracy Martin, grounded. His girlfriend describes their phone call as Trayvon being “paranoid”.
Trayvon makes a trip to the store and buys two of the specific three ingredients needed to blend a drug cocktail he was well versed in making (Lean). And appeared slightly exagerrated, tenuous, and wobbly (swaying) when you objectively review his physical movements on the video of the store during the purchase.
He was a little more than a half a mile from home (Brandy's house), yet he left the store at 6:24 and was first noted at the clubhouse at 7:09pm. If he intended to go straight home from the store, and under normal cognitive capacity, he should have made the 1/2-mile trip in well under 30 minutes, well under.
The first privately funded deep-space mission will launch an asteroid-hunting telescope in 2017 or 2018, project managers announced today.
The ambitious project is being developed by the B612 Foundation, a nonprofit named for the asteroid home of the title character in Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's book The Little Prince.
Led by former astronauts and veteran NASA astronomers, the foundation today kicked off a fundraising effort to build and launch the infrared telescope—dubbed Sentinel—which will create an "asteroid map" of the inner solar system.
Cost estimates for the full mission haven't been released, but the spacecraft itself is expected to have a price tag of a few hundred million U.S. dollars.
The mission's goal is to illustrate the present and future paths of near-Earth asteroids, including any that may pose collision threats to our planet.
"We've found and tracked maybe ten thousand [near-Earth asteroids] thus far and most of the very largest and most dangerous stuff, but that still leaves a lot of undiscovered territory," said Ed Lu, a former NASA astronaut and astrophysicist who serves as B612's chair and CEO.
Foundation managers are particularly concerned about relatively small, harder-to-spot space rocks that, while not risks for planetwide extinctions, could hit Earth with enough force to wipe out cities.
For example, Lu said, current estimates suggest there are half a million or so near-Earth asteroids around the size of the one thought to have caused the mysterious Tunguska event, which leveled a large swath of remote Siberian forest more than a century ago.
Charting and tracking the asteroid populations in our local neighborhood might help not only to prevent catastrophe on Earth but also to aid future interplanetary missions, because spacecraft would no longer have to "fly blind" through our solar system.
"In the great explorations, the first thing people do is create a map—think of Lewis and Clark or Magellan. That's what we want to do for the inner solar system," Lu said.
"NASA has started it already, but 98 or 99 percent of the territory that crosses Earth's orbit is unmapped. We said, You know what, rather than try to convince the government to do this, why don't we do it? And that's what we're going to do."
Charting Solar System Hazards
Right now, NASA's Near Earth Object Program coordinates the government agency's efforts to identify and track potentially hazardous asteroids and comets.
As of June 21, those efforts had uncovered 9,054 near-Earth objects, 1,317 of which are classified as potentially hazardous asteroids. Of those, 849 are at least 0.62 mile (a kilometer) wide—which means they pose the greatest potential hazards to Earth.
Still, the Task Force on Planetary Defense, part of NASA's advisory council, has recommended that an infrared space telescope be placed in an orbit close to that of Venus to spot ever smaller asteroids that approach Earth.
Putting the craft in orbit between Earth and the sun is key, because a space telescope in that position would be able to scan Earth's orbit while looking away from the glare of our bright star at all times.
It's also important for the telescope to scan in infrared wavelengths. In visible light, small, dark asteroids can pass by undetected. But space rocks absorb heat from the sun, so in infrared they tend to stand out against the cold void of space.
"Perfect Storm" in Private Spaceflight
The B612 Foundation says it can deploy such a telescope entirely with private funds. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, another private space venture, is slated for use as a launch vehicle.
"We saw that it was possible to do something like this as a nongovernmental group," Lu said.
"It has only been possible for a few years, and ten years ago it wouldn't have been possible for even a government to do it. But computing power on spacecraft has gotten much better, and to track half a million objects, you need to do lots of computations on board," Lu said.
"Also, infrared detectors have advanced greatly in the past two years and, with the availability of radically less expensive launchers, like SpaceX, it was a perfect storm."
A Question of Risk
If things go as planned, Sentinel will orbit between 30 and 170 million miles (48 and 274 million kilometers) closer to the sun than Earth.
The spacecraft will scan the entire night sky every 26 days to identify moving objects and will beam the data back to Earth for analysis.
Within 5.5 years, the Sentinel program is expected to have discovered and tracked half a million near-Earth asteroids, 90 percent of which should be larger than 460 feet (140 meters).
"This is exciting," said University of Arizona astronomer Ed Beshore.
"There's no doubt about it that a properly designed, space-based observatory could rapidly find most of the near-Earth objects that could represent a potential threat to the Earth."
Beshore, the former principal investigator for the Catalina Sky Survey's near-Earth object program, added that a ground-based system could do the job for a lot less money, but it would likely take 40 years or more to complete such a survey.
The question is whether that extra time might make a critical difference, something Beshore thinks is statistically unlikely.
"When you look at the threat issue, the chance of a large asteroid hitting the Earth is extremely low. But on the other hand, when you multiply that by the cost of killing everyone on the planet, you get a large integrated risk associated with that," he said.
"I guess I'd say, as a scientist, that if this was going to rely on public funding, I think that's scarce enough for science missions that we shouldn't be doing missions that we could do from the ground," he added.
"But if private investors feel this is urgent and we need to get this wound up quickly, then a space-based mission is the only way to do it."
Sentinel will also return a wealth of scientific data that will help scientists better understand the objects in our solar system.
"Thermal infrared imaging can deliver data on things like asteroid composition that we can't get from the ground," Beshore said, "so that will be a real windfall from a science perspective."
Working in a Perfect World?
The Sentinel mission will get some support from NASA, such as use of the agency's Deep Space Network to relay science and navigation data from the probe to Earth.
And the NASA Near Earth Object Program will use data from the telescope to conduct asteroid hazard analyses and threat assessments.
What's more, Sentinel's leadership team is full of space-industry veterans with years of experience serving NASA and other aerospace ventures, foundation CEO Lu said.
"Our leadership has all run missions before and suffered some frustrations from doing things they way they've always done them," he said.
A Corcoran Group agent is enjoying his 15 minutes of fame after a video of him swatting away basketball star LeBron James on the New York City subway went viral.
James Michael Angelo was en route to the firm's Chelsea office on Monday when the Cleveland Cavaliers forward trained his camera on him. “Can you not?” Angelo said with annoyance, pushing the phone away.
The video has since received 216,388 views on YouTube, 38,586 likes on Twitter and 14,310 retweets — including one from Corcoran CEO Pam Liebman, who wrote: “Even @KingJames can't stop an agent's Monday hustle.”
“It wasn't LeBron James, quote-unquote, that I didn't like,” Angelo told Inman News. “He was clearly somebody who didn't ride the subway often, and I probably would've had the same type of reaction to anybody else. I had no idea who he was.”
After his run-in with King James, Angelo (who said he's in talks to launch a television talk show) posted a quippy tutorial on YouTube in which he offers the basketball star pointers for riding the subway and suggested he reach out if he was looking to buy a pad in the Big Apple. [Inman] — E.B. Solomont
He was an amazingly energetic worker, who loved to deal with people and who brilliantly launched countless new projects and developed ingenious initiatives. But he was not a team player. In fact, many of his actions starkly violated our company's policies, and his maverick approaches to important issues undermined our core values.
It is eminently understandable why the employer felt unable to extend the worker's employment. Few if any would disagree.
When the Israeli Chief Rabbinate, the Rabbanut, released word that it may not extend the tenure of R. Shlomo Riskin as Chief Rabbi of the city of Efrat, supporters of R. Riskin were up in arms:
Rabbi Riskin is one of the great Modern Orthodox rabbis of our generation. He has inspired hundreds of rabbis in America and around the world to follow in his footsteps, to bring a vibrant Orthodoxy to the masses. He is a mentor, a role model who is beloved. Few rabbis in recent history come close to accomplishing what he has achieved. He deserves our deepest respect and veneration. We call upon the Chief Rabbinate to withdraw its highly offensive demands.
R. Riskin's inspiring, vibrant and loving leadership are brought to the fore in the above letter, penned by the leadership of the Open Orthodox movement in America, as the Rabbanut is vilified and smeared as hateful and irrational for its consideration to not extend the tenure of such a sterling and devoted rabbi. Yet the elephant in the room — the very real controversies surrounding R. Riskin — controversies in which R. Riskin materially violated the policies of the Chief Rabbinate, his employer – is intentionally omitted and concealed.
For despite R. Riskin's rabbinic dynamism and love for Torah and the Jewish People, he has been at the forefront of the ordination of women, he has publicly displayed an uncomfortable enthusiasm for Christian religious values, and he has in various additional ways materially undermined the policies and halachic positions of the Rabbanut, including promoting the chanting of Megillath Ruth by a female at the main minyan of a synagogue under his jurisdiction. These are but a few of the many deviations from normative Orthodoxy and from fundamental Rabbanut standards on the part of R. Riskin. (Please also see this very important article about R. Riskin's trajectory in the rabbinate.)
Yes, R. Riskin's devotion and passion to spread Judaism are hard to beat, but when he violates the trust of his employer, and he contravenes the rulings of the most preeminent halachic authorities of this and previous generations, let us realize that it is not the Chief Rabbinate who is the offender, and that it just may be that the employer had more than ample reason to maintain that its employee was not being faithful to the policies and values that he was hired to uphold.
There are indeed two sides to every story, and when the pertinent facts of the narrative are glaringly omitted by one side, the omission is quite telling.
Less than two weeks since sanctions were lifted on Iran, President Rouhani visit Europe to drum up investments.
It has been less than two weeks since international sanctions were lifted on Iran.
And President Hassan Rouhani has wasted no time in seizing new opportunities, embarking on a trip to Europe in which he's signed billions of dollars worth of new business for Iran.
As leader of a country that's been isolated for so long, Rouhani probably knows the importance of a charm offensive.
And this trip, in which he's met French and Italian leaders, as well as the Pope, is also about restoring Iran's image and position in the world.
Rouhani says the visit marks a "new spring" in relations with Europe.
With European nations ready to cash in on Iran's return to the global economy, will money help restore Iran's position in the world?
And who stands to benefit from Iran opening up?
Presenter: Jane Dutton
Guests:
Luciano Zaccara - Research coordinator in Gulf politics in the Gulf Studies Center at Qatar University
Aniseh Bassiri Tabrizi - Research analyst at Royal United Services Institute. Aniseh is a specialist on EU policy and Iran
Shahriar Shahabi - Iranian business strategist
Source: Al Jazeera
Germany offered Rome a gentler interpretation of EU budget rules in a move seen as ensuring Italy's backing for the nomination of Jean-Claude Juncker as the next President of the European Commission.
Angela Merkel, the German Chancellor, acknowledged that a European Union pact that sets limits on government deficits should be applied flexibly to promote economic growth.
This gesture to the wishes of Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi all but ensures he will back the nomination of Jean-Claude Juncker as the next President of the European Commission at a summit on Friday (27 June).
“The German government agrees that the Stability and Growth Pact offers excellent conditions for (promoting growth and competitiveness), with clear guard rails and limits on the one hand and a lot of instruments allowing flexibility on the other,” Merkel told Germany's lower house of parliament.
“We must use both just as they have been used in the past.”
New political balance
The tilt in economic policy and the likely appointment of 59-year-old Juncker highlight a new political balance in Europe that is set to shape the EU's institutions for the next five years, with the risk of Britain drifting away.
Juncker, who was prime minister of Luxembourg for 19 years, has been at the heart of EU decision-making since the early 1990s. But British Prime Minister David Cameron has waged a campaign against Juncker, casting him as an old-school federalist who does not have the skill or energy to breathe new life into the EU.
Cameron renewed his promise in parliament to fight to the end but seems certain to be overwhelmingly defeated in an unprecedented summit vote he has demanded.
>> Read: Cameron vows to fight Juncker ‘to the end'
The leaders of Sweden and the Netherlands, who initially shared Cameron's reservations, both announced they would not block Juncker and a senior German official forecast “a very large, dominant majority” in favour of the appointment.
>> Read: Opposition to Juncker wanes, Cameron isolated
Grand coalition
The tentative convergence between Italy and Germany points the way towards a German-style “grand coalition” of the centre-left and centre-right at European level, with Renzi, the young reformer, in the frontline with the conservative Merkel.
Renzi, whose centre-left party won a resounding victory in European elections last month, boosting his profile on the EU stage, has made budget flexibility a central issue as he searches for ways to kickstart his flaccid economy.
Sandro Gozi, Italy's undersecretary for EU affairs, accepted there was no question of altering the 2005 stability pact, just a need to apply it more flexibly to favour investment spending and allow countries implementing growth-enhancing reforms extra time to meet deficit and debt targets.
“No one is asking to revise the pact but to use the rules to their maximum,” he told la Repubblica newspaper.
In a warning shot to placate German fiscal hawks, Merkel's parliamentary group said Renzi wanted to deviate from the path of stability but Berlin would not allow any “dirty tricks” that put Europe on a “comfortable but fatal debt track”.
Italy takes over the EU's rotating presidency for six months in July, determined to re-energise the union and change the way it works. In a speech to parliament on Tuesday, Renzi, 39, said he was fed up with the EU acting like a “nagging old aunt”.
Renzi proposed excluding investment and educational costs from the public deficit calculations. French President François Hollande sided with Renzi on 21 June, claiming that reconsidering the role of investments was a wise move.
>> Read: Socialist leaders in concerted push to relax EU budgetary constraints
A number of Super League sides who were contacted by Salford owner Marwan Koukash are understood to be considering backing his calls for a vote of no-confidence in the governance of the sport.
Koukash made the headlines on Tuesday when he revealed he had been in touch with some Super League sides, asking for their support in a bid to declare a vote of no-confidence against the Rugby Football League and their running of the game.
And, TotalRL understands that there are at least a handful of sides contemplating backing Koukash should the issue get as far as an actual vote – although that could remain some way off yet.
Nigel Wood has done good things for Rugby League but in my opinion it is NOW the right time for him and his board to move on. — Marwan Koukash (@drmarwanK) May 17, 2016
It is unclear what sort of percentage Koukash needs to successfully carry through the vote, but the Red Devils chief is expected to reveal more at what promises to be an explosive press conference on Wednesday.
That press conference has been set up to address Salford's six-point deduction for breaching the salary cap – and NOT for Koukash to quit the sport, as had been reported elsewhere last week.
Filed for print to run Saturday . . .
The chances of Ray Guy becoming the first punter to be enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame have never looked better.
“You want to get excited, but you don't want to show it outside,'' the former Raiders punter said this week from his office at Hattiesburg, Miss. “I've been through it before, but it doesn't get any easier until you know for sure on Saturday.''
Guy has been a finalist seven times, but this year was nominated by the nine-member seniors committee, a designation for players who haven't played for 25 seasons.
Already a member of the College Football Hall of Fame, as well as those at his college in Southern Mississippi and the state sports Hall of Fames in Mississippi and Georgia, Guy would be the first pure punter elected.
He will still need 80 percent of the 46-member electorate (37 votes), but as a senior nominee, Guy and fellow senior candidate Claude Humphrey will be voted upon on a yes or no basis.
In previous years, Guy was considered along with other candidates with voters deciding which four or five to include. It put him in competition with fulltime players and left him short of the necessary 80 percent.
Coaches such as John Madden, Hank Stram and George Allen were all senior inductees, unable to get 80 percent of the vote when matched against players.
Seven of the last eight senior candidates have been enshrined, and 38 of 51 overall since the senior designation was added in 1972. According to Rick Gosselin, a columinist for the Dallas Morning News and a member of the senior committee, it increases Guy's odds of getting good news.
“I like his chances because he's a senior, thus he's a stand-alone candidate not in competition with five modern-era candidates,'' Gosselin said in an e-mail. “It's either yea or nay. He's worthy or else we wouldn't have brought him out of the senior committee. We vet these guys pretty good.''
Said Jim Trotter, a senior writer for Sports Illustrated and one of the 46 voters: “I feel this is the year Ray finally gets in. In the past he's fought the bias that some voters have against specialists, but as a senior his chances increase significantly because he would not take an available spot from a position player.''
Guy's legend is superior to his statistics, which by modern standards are ordinary for a punter.
The Raiders made Guy the first punter to be selected in the first round of the draft in 1972. Guy said he never heard the term “hang time'' until Madden used it to describe his booming kicks, which occasionally took more than five seconds to return to earth.
Houston Oilers coach Bum Phillips once swiped a game ball after facing the Raiders and sent it to Rice University to have it tested for helium.
A gifted athlete, Guy's 18 interceptions as a safety is ranks second in Southern Miss history and he was drafted three times as a pitching prospect by the Houston Astros, Atlanta Braves and Cincinnati Reds. He is still on campus as the school's director of community relations for the Southern Miss alumni association.
However, Guy's career average for gross punting is 42.4 yards per kick, tied for 89th all-time. His season best of 45.3 yards in 1973 is tied for 168th.
Former Raiders punter Shane Lechler, by contrast, is having the highest average in NFL history (47.6) and a single-season best of 51.1 in 2009.
Mitigating circumstances in Guy's case include playing for a strong Raiders team where he wasn't called on as often to punt from deep in his own territory, instead angling for the sideline to get better field position.
From the years 1976-86, Guy had 210 punts inside the 20-yard line _ more than twice the amount of any other punter.
At his Hall induction in 2009, Madden said in his acceptance speech he believed the busts for each player talked to each other at night. If that's the case, Guy's presence would give Jan Stenerud some company.
Stenerud, elected to the Hall in 1991, is the only pure kicker in the Hall of Fame. His career field goal percentage of 67.8 is low by today's standards, but he was one of the first dominant soccer-style kickers and helped change the way teams looked at scouting place kickers.
While admittedly partial to former teammate Jerrel Wilson, the Chiefs punter and contemporary of Guy, Stenerud said, “I expect Ray to get in. I think punting is important. In terms of field position he was tremendous and no punter was as universally known as Ray.''
CBS analyst Steve Tasker, a 13-year veteran who was so good at kick coverage and blocking kicks Buffalo teammates such as Jim Kelly and Bruce Smith lobbied for his inclusion of Hall of Fame, said Guy's name recognition counts for something.
“He's the guy that set the bar,'' Tasker said. “You talk to most people who watch the NFL, the only punter they can name, other than their own punter, is Ray. There's something to be said for that.''
Former Rams, Eagles and Chiefs head coach Dick Vermeil, hired as the NFL's first special teams coach in 1969 by George Allen, is perplexed that there is no punter in the Hall.
“In think the general fan underestimates the value of field position,'' Vermeil said. “Why would you exclude a punter if he was the best in his position in the history of the NFL?''
Former Raiders coach Tom Flores considers Guy as worthy as any of the position players that helped him win two Super Bowls. Lost amid Marcus Allen's 74-yard touchdown run and Jack Squirek's interception for a touchdown in a 38-9 win over the Washington Redskins in Super Bowl XVIII was a game-altering play by Guy with his back to the end zone.
“The ball was snapped 10 feet high, Ray somehow goes up and gets it, and gets off a 42-yard punt,'' Flores said. “It could have changed the entire game. Nobody even talked about it.''
Guy isn't hoping to be a pioneer as much as he's looking to give the Hall of Fame something it lacks.
“I'd love to be the first, but whether I am or I'm not it's time to fill every position on a football team,'' Guy said. “I've yet to see the great team that didn't have a great punter.''
#312 Inter-Racial Marriage and Same-sex Marriage
Obviously this argument has great emotional and rhetorical appeal. But I was wondering if you could comment on the strength of such an argument. I recognize that if one could point out a relevant difference between interracial marriage and same-sex marriage, then the argument would fail. I've heard several suggestions for such differences, but I was hoping to get your perspective. Thanks.
Dr. craig's response
A
The lesson to be learned from the legality of interracial marriage is that just as the law must be blind with respect to the race of persons desiring to marry, so it must also be blind to the sexual orientation of persons desiring to marry. Just as persons desiring to marry cannot be discriminated against on the basis of their race, neither can they be discriminated against on the basis of their sexual orientation. When two persons ask the state for the right to marry, the state must ask no questions about their race or sexual orientation. Just as laws which would discriminate against persons' marrying on the basis of their race are unconstitutional, so laws which would discriminate against persons' marrying on the basis of their sexual orientation are unconstitutional.
That's why the term “gay marriage” (which, I noticed, you were careful to avoid) is misconceived. Laws permitting gay marriage would be clearly unconstitutional, since they would not be blind to the sexual orientation of the persons involved. Such laws would sanction marriage for same-sex couples only if they were homosexuals, thereby taking cognizance of their sexual orientation and discriminating against heterosexuals who wanted to enter into marriage with someone of the same sex. To repeat: just as the law must be blind to the race of persons entering into marriage, so it must be blind to their sexual orientation. Laws sanctioning gay marriage would thus be unconstitutional (not to speak of unenforceable!).
So the laws governing marriage must have no reference to the sexual orientation of the persons involved. But that is precisely the situation of the status quo! Under the laws of the status quo no one is denied the right to enter into marriage because of his/her sexual orientation. Two heterosexuals, two homosexuals, or a heterosexual and a homosexual are free to marry, no questions asked, just as persons of different races are free to marry, no questions asked. What they are not free to do under federal law, whatever their race or orientation, is to enter into same-sex marriage, simply because there is no such thing. Marriage is by its essence a relation between a man and a woman. But the sexual orientation of the persons involved, like their race, is a matter of complete indifference to the law.
So the legality of interracial marriage actually goes to support the current laws, which are indifferent to both the race and the sexual orientation of the persons involved. Those who want to re-define marriage in such a way that it need no longer be between a man and a woman need to come up with some other argument in support of that redefinition than the appeal to interracial marriage.
The real question here, it seems to me, is whether marriage has an essence or is merely a social construct akin to driving on the right- versus left-hand side of the road. Those who espouse same-sex marriage want to deconstruct marriage so that what counts as marriage is just a matter of convention. Once we start down that route, anything goes: a man and two women, a man and a child, two men and a goat, etc. I see no reason at all to start down that road.
Savings by Homeowners of 80% of Their Electric Bills Helps Drive Sales by SUNworks' Newly Lauched Residential Division and May Account for as Much as 50% of the Company's Revenues in 2014
ROSEVILLE, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 22, 2014) - Solar3D, Inc. ( OTCQB : SLTD), a leading solar power company and the developer of a proprietary high efficiency solar cell, today announced that solar systems sales by SUNworks' newly launched residential division through the first four months of 2014 are approaching $1 million per month and that homeowners report an average a savings of 80% off their electric bills. Residential solar systems may account for as much as 50% of the company's revenues in 2014.
"Growth of residential solar systems sales in 2014 has been exceptional as more environmentally and economically conscious homeowners turn to SUNworks for their solar installations," said Brent Baker, SUNworks V.P. of Sales. "In comparison to many other solar systems suppliers, we are not a one-size-fits-all type of solar company. That approach allows us to better understand each homeowner's unique challenge and offer a solution that fits that family's budget and goal. We believe that is the best way to deliver true value to our customers."
By offering a SUNworks custom solar systems through purchase and financing, SUNworks facilitates ownership of systems by the homeowner, which results in greater monthly savings. In addition, the homeowner also receives solar benefits, including the 30% federal tax credit. Actual system ownership delivers a considerably better return on investment than leasing.
"We have built our company on the principle of providing our customers with the maximum potential for savings, while striving to achieve 100% satisfaction," said Abe Emard, CEO of SUNworks.
One Yuba City homeowner said, "It seems like businesses today forget that people are what business is all about. That's not true for SUNworks...they are a great example of what a business can be. SUNworks promptly prepared a solar quote for our project and every step was completed with professionalism."
Solar3D continues to pursue the strategy of seeking additional acquisitions to join its SUNworks division, as well as the development of the Solar3D cell. "Our future looks brighter than ever," said Jim Nelson, CEO of Solar3D. "Our ultimate mission is to provide affordable and efficient solar power to the world. We would like to set the standard for the industry in meeting this goal."
About Solar3D, Inc.
Solar3D is a leading provider of solar power solutions and the developer of a proprietary high efficiency solar cell. The company's SUNworks division focuses on the design, installation and management of solar power systems for commercial, agricultural and residential customers. SUNworks is one of the fastest growing solar systems providers in California and has delivered hundreds of 2.5 kilowatt to 1-megawatt commercial systems and has the capability of providing systems as large as 25 megawatts. Solar3D's technology division is developing a patent-pending 3-dimensional solar cell technology to maximize the conversion of sunlight into electricity. The Solar3D Cell collects sunlight from a wide angle and lets light bounce around in 3-dimensional microstructures on the solar cell surface. The Company's mission is to further the widespread adoption of solar power by deploying affordable, state-of-the-art systems and developing breakthrough new solar technologies.
To learn more about Solar3D, visit our website at http://www.Solar3D.com.
Safe Harbor Statement
Matters discussed in this press release contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this press release, the words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "may," "intend," "expect" and similar expressions identify such forward-looking statements. Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the expectations of the Company and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with: the impact of economic, competitive and other factors affecting the Company and its operations, markets, products, and prospects for sales, failure to commercialize our technology, failure of technology to perform as expected, failure to earn profit or revenue, higher costs than expected, persistent operating losses, ownership dilution, inability to repay debt, failure of acquired businesses to perform as expected, the impact on the national and local economies resulting from terrorist actions, and U.S. actions subsequently; and other factors detailed in reports filed by the Company.
[bitcoin-dev] Hard fork proposal from last week's meeting
The Trump administration has reversed course on Syria again, blaming President Bashar Assad for the alleged chemical attack in Idlib province and declaring he has no future leading Syria – just days after publicly abandoning the policy of regime change.
“There is no doubt in our minds, and the information we have supports, that the Syrian regime under the leadership of Bashar al-Assad are responsible for this attack,” Tillerson told reporters in Florida, ahead of the summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
“It is very important that the Russian government consider carefully their support for Bashar al-Assad.” Tillerson added.
Secretary Tillerson comments on #Syria crisis, recent chemical weapons attack pic.twitter.com/3EAVgum1ft — Department of State (@StateDept) April 6, 2017
Asked if the US will lead a regime change effort in Syria, Tillerson said that “those steps are underway.”
Just last week, Tillerson was telling reporters that Assad's fate is something to be “decided by the Syrian people,” drawing criticism from the US foreign policy establishment. Under former President Barack Obama, the US has maintained that “Assad must go” was a precondition for peace in Syria, ravaged by civil war since 2011.
The abrupt change comes after the allegations that the Syrian air force used chemical weapons against civilians in Idlib province, heavily publicized by Al-Qaeda-affiliated White Helmets rescue group.
READ MORE: ‘It crossed a lot of lines': Trump on alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria
“I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity,” US President Donald Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on the way to Florida. “He's there, and I guess he's running things, so something should happen," he added.
Damascus has denied using chemical weapons, saying that its jets targeted an arms depot where chemical weapons stockpiles were stored by Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) and Al-Nusra Front militants. The Russian Ministry of Defense has confirmed that account of events.
The Pentagon is developing options for a military strike in Syria, unnamed government officials told the New York Times on Thursday. A planned US attack was aborted in 2013, after Russia negotiated the Syrian surrender of all chemical weapons stockpiles.
The US priorities in Syria would be defeating IS and stabilizing the liberated territories, followed by working with international partners on a “political process that would lead to Assad leaving,” Tillerson said. The chemical attack is a “serious matter and requires a serious response,” he added.
This was the perfect water cooler for my silent PC build. I bought it to cool my overclocked 6700k while also having the goal of a silent PC. The only real issue I ran into with this cooler was that I got my PC so quiet (even with the stock fans) that the only thing left to hear while idle was the water coolers pump! So luckily my case The Fractal Design Define R5 has a built-in voltage regulator from 5-7-12 volts that you can plug fans/pumps directly into. So I've been running strong for almost 2 years now with it undervolted to 5 volts (inaudible) and it still runs fine.The stock fans are fine at low speeds but at higher speeds, they can get quite annoying. Luckily my ASUS Motherboard comes with built-in fan regulating software, where I can control the fans and set them at lower speeds and have them ramp up automatically depending on the CPU's temperature. I only now recently replaced the fans with the 2 Noiseblocker M12-PS PWM Fans , so that they would be quieter while pushing more air and boot quietly considering their lower max RPM, though you can also get the same fan in higher RPM versions. Awesome fans, though avoid the eLoop model fans due to a horrible tonal noise at some speeds. So all in all a great cooler for my needs, still cools fine even when undervolted so It's even better at higher volts, also don't fuss about fan/pump noise once you're at least able to control fan speeds in software or even voltage adapters, unless you're also going for a virtually silent PC build. My first ever PC build had an even noisier water cooler but I never even knew it made a sound until I got bought new fans!
Nostalgia and NIMBYism: Rebecca Solnit's San Francisco — The Bold Italic — San Francisco
The Bold Italic Editors Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 18, 2014
Editor's note: this editorial is part of The Bold Italic's ongoing mission to publish opinions that help move the current tech and culture debate in San Francisco forward. If you have strong opinions on the topic, email your pitch to info@thebolditalic.com.
By Christian Nicholson
As a member of the invasive species that Rebecca Solnit has repeatedly singled out, the tech worker, I feel compelled to respond to her piece in the Feb. 20 edition of the London Review of Books, which purports to describe recent events in San Francisco.
If the publication were less respected, or the subject less inflammatory, it would hardly be worth debunking. But Solnit's “Diary” entry is a deeply misleading account, which will leave the world a little more confused about what's going on here, and very much mistaken as to the motives and actions of the players.
The factual errors and elisions in her polemic are numerous and fundamental, and if sloppy reporting is any indication of sloppy thought, then readers should approach her conclusions with caution.
Since San Francisco's troubles are tied to real estate, let's start there.
Solnit leans heavily on the fact that San Francisco is the second-densest major metropolis in the U.S. after New York, whose supposed building boom has had no effect on rents. “Meanwhile San Francisco developers are building 48,000 more units of housing in the few cracks and interstices not already filled in.” Her point is that development won't cure San Francisco's woes.
I'll take these one at a time.
First, neither San Francisco nor New York figure on a list of the world's 50 most densely populated cities, which is the only true benchmark. Second, New York has added new housing units at a much slower rate per capita than U.S. cities such as Jacksonville, Houston, and Atlanta, and is hardly in the midst of a housing boom. Third, San Francisco developers are only actively building 4,900 new units, an order of magnitude less than Solnit claims. The remainder of her 48,000 units may be approved, but most are unlikely to be developed for many years due to a tangled and sclerotic regulatory process.
Anyone who has visited San Francisco knows that outside a few neighborhoods lining Market — the Financial District, the Tenderloin and northern SoMa — the city is about three stories tall. I suppose that is what Solnit is referring to when she writes of “few cracks and interstices not already filled in.” Paris, the city I left to come here, is seven stories high almost across the board. Major Asian cities are much taller. San Francisco could double in height without greatly hurting its open space or aesthetic, even while leaving its Painted Ladies untouched.
The scarcity of shelter in San Francisco is artificially imposed, the result of a decades long resistance in many parts of the city to any kind of development. That resistance comes from several quarters. A recent high-rise on the waterfront was voted down by a coalition of local wealth and the political left, which is also leading the fight against evictions at their bus protests.
That is, San Francisco's incumbent residents — immigrants 1.0? — would prefer the postcard life of a low, sparsely populated city to the highrises of an Asian megalopolis. Fine. But that means homeowners are forcing the burden of adjustment onto tenants by rechanneling demand to the rental market. You can fight development or you can fight evictions, but you cannot logically fight both.
Like all American cities, San Francisco is for sale, and its real estate market speaks through price movements. Rents in San Francisco are shouting at us to build more now. That's the only way we'll have enough space to go around.
Rather than deal with the fundamental dynamic of supply and demand, Solnit mounts a fairly predictable attack on tech workers, pushing a narrative that the media has grown to love, in which two groups, so unlike in dignity, enter a fight to the death.
To read her, one would think that San Francisco's brave natives face a horde of villainous drones and gold diggers, who have descended on a pristine city to pillage its neighborhoods and hunt its idealists down. This is not the first time she has tarred the industry.
Last month, Solnit called tech a monoculture. I suppose every group looks like a monoculture to outsiders. But if she'd made the morning commute to Embarcadero lately, she'd see a lot of Indian and Chinese and Eastern European faces there. In San Francisco's startup hostels, you hear half a dozen languages spoken every day.
Monoculture, in fact, is one of Solnit's gentler terms.
In a previous essay in the LRB, she managed to compare tech workers to insects, aliens, Prussian invaders and German tourists in a few paragraphs. The implications are clear. Applied to any other group, these admirable attempts to dehumanize would have invited howls of indignation and immediate, public disgrace.
Let's be clear: Rebecca Solnit is not from San Francisco. Neither am I. Neither are many of the protesters and tech workers. This is not a battle between the natives and an invasive species; it's a negotiation between two different invasive species over shelter and tenants' rights, stasis and change.
Solnit's parents moved to the Bay Area in the 1960s when she was a girl. She grew up in Novato. I wonder what side of the immigration debate she would have taken when her parents were seeking entry, or when she herself decided San Francisco would be a nice place to live. I wonder who she would have trusted then to assume the mantle of gatekeeper.
There is a basic thread running through American history: Economic opportunity draws immigrants. We should manage those migrations, but we shouldn't stop them, because as soon as they end, we're dead.
Having sold her apartment in 2012, Solnit now suggests the city socialize housing. In an interview published by Businessweek, she also said we should socialize Google and Facebook. Modest proposals. Anyone hawking that sort of revolution has never seen what socialism produced in the suburbs of Moscow.
Events in San Francisco are symptomatic of the Great Inversion. The city is doomed to prosperity, and there will be many violent side effects and much grieving as it transforms itself from a queer refuge to a bourgeois fortress. Hopefully it can be both. If the protesters play their cards right, they may rally the general population to stop evictions. I hope they succeed. If they do, it will be despite Solnit, not because of her.
The President of the United States of America need not fear the Rideau Street sinkhole.
Roads currently closed as construction crews work around the clock to patch up a giant hole on Rideau Street near the intersection with Sussex Drive will be open by the time Barack Obama arrives for Wednesday's Three Amigos summit with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, said Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson.
"Obviously, it will be done well in advance of President Obama's visit and well in advance of Canada Day," Watson said after a breakfast event Thursday.
"Whether it's going to be this Sunday or Monday, we'll let you know but we're certainly working 24 hours a day to get it fixed because we know how important that intersection is for pedestrians, cyclists, and it's a major bus route."
The director of Ottawa's rail implementation office reminded reporters later that the timeline for reopening all depends on the road passing inspections.
Steve Cripps, Ottawa's director of rail implemention, said water is still being pumped out of the light rail tunnel after it was flooded June 8. (CBC)
"The reconstruction is progressing very well, we expect construction to be winding down this weekend, it should be complete early next week," said Steve Cripps.
"Safety is our top concern so once the engineers have provided us with the necessary signoffs that the road is safe to reopen then we'll progress at that point."
The closed intersection is on the main route between Ottawa's parliamentary precinct and the prime minister's home, Rideau Hall, the US embassy and the American ambassador's residence.
Rideau Street is currently closed to vehicles from Sussex Drive to Dalhousie Street, while Sussex Drive is closed from Rideau Street to George Street.
Reminder June 21: Detours due to incident at Rideau & Sussex. Use map to help plan your route. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/otttraffic?src=hash">#otttraffic</a> <a href="https://t.co/K9Izk6KKSw">pic.twitter.com/K9Izk6KKSw</a> —@Ottawa_Traffic
Wellington Street is also closed from Mackenzie Avenue to Sussex Drive, along with Colonel By Drive from Rideau Street to Daly Avenue.
As of Monday, all the businesses in the area had safe drinking water and were given the all-clear to reopen.
The city is offering two hours of free parking at the ByWard Market parking garages on Clarence Street on Sunday and free hourly shuttles to the Rideau Centre from Trim, Fallowfield and Eagleson transit stations the same day to help bring shoppers to the area, as there was last Sunday.
(MaanImages)
NABLUS (Ma'an) -- Israeli settlers filled up an ancient agricultural well in the West Bank village of Deir Istiya west of Salfit on Saturday, local farmers told Ma'an.
Witnesses said that the settlers filled the well with earth and rocks using "primitive" tools.
Khalid Maali, a researcher on settlement affairs, said that filling up the well is part of a larger plan to forcibly move people from Wadi Qana to clear the way for the expansion of illegal Israeli settlements.
Several illegal Israeli settlements surround Deir Istiya, the closest of which are Revava and YaqirI.
About 17 percent of Deir Istiya's village territory is classified as Area B, according to the Applied Research Institute of Jerusalem, with the remaining 83 percent Area C, giving Israel full civil and military authority.
ARIJ said in a 2013 report that Deir Istiya "has been subjected to numerous Israeli confiscations for the benefit of various Israeli objectives," including the construction of settlements, outposts, checkpoints, bypass roads and the Israeli separation wall.
The report said that Israeli settlers living on the village's land "have had a significant impact on Palestinian residents and their properties."
Settler attacks have contributed to the loss of Palestinian lands and landowners have been barred from their plots, which have been fenced in with barbed wire and planted with trees, the report said.
It added: "Israeli settlers have also carried out a series of attacks against Palestinian landowners in an attempt to intimidate them and deter them from returning to their lands."
These traditional, lightly fried squash fritters are amazing in every way. Golden, crispy outside with a ‘meaty', warm, vegetable filling inside, these keftedes are packed with flavor and absolutely delicious.
This recipe is a Cretan version that includes potatoes and carrots along with the zucchini. These additions give you a heartier, more substantial fritter that you can serve as a meal or meze and will make this your go-to kolokithokeftedes recipe!
The veggies here are hand-grated in the traditional Greek preparation and not chopped as we're more often apt to do these days. Grating with a large-hole box grater is the simplest method and brings out a noticeable sweetness from your vegetables.
To bind all the ingredients together without egg — prohibited during fast periods — we add flaxseed meal or linseed in Greek. Mixed with water, the flax meal becomes tacky and holds your batter together perfectly allowing you to shape and fry your fritters with ease.
Flax or linseed grows primarily in northern Greece and has been used for centuries in authentic Greek cooking as a binding agent or an egg replacer. Over the last few years, it's become increasingly popular here in the United States for just the same purpose. The slight nuttiness of the flax meal is a perfect complement to the hearty vegetables, bright fresh herbs, light lemon zest and smoky nutmeg — these really are nothing short of amazing.
Although tempting, do try to avoid using a food processor to grate your vegetables unless you're sure of your blades. Dull or incorrect blades can mush up your veggies instead of shred them. We want to maintain a bit of integrity and texture for this recipe, so shred by hand if you can and wring out your grated veggies well.
Next, Gather them into a clean tea/dish towel and wring out over a bowl in the sink. I can remember doing this with my yiayias — they could always wring out another drop or two. They'd both save the liquid for vegetable stock and I try to as well. The zero-waste movement could have learned a thing or two from those ladies!
These kolokithokeftedes are pan fried in just a bit of light sunflower oil. Try to find a pan with low sides to make turning easier and preferably a 9-10 inch diameter to give your fritters room. Make sure not to crowd the pan as that will bring the temperature of the oil down quickly and leave you with soggy, greasy fritters.
I find that my crepe pan is ideal for this recipe and cooks about 3, max 4, fritters in each batch. Start out with about 3 tablespoons of oil and add an additional 2 tablespoons to pan with each new batch. Don't forget to give it a minute to heat up! And a third cup measuring scoop is a great way to get consistently, and appropriately, sized fritters for even cooking.
This recipe makes approx. 9-10 good sized keftedes and can very simply be scaled to make up to four times that amount. You can also make the batter up to three days in advance, kept covered in the refrigerator.
If you're making ahead, make sure to bring batter to room temp before frying or the outsides will be crispy and the insides undercooked. You can reheat your kolokithokeftedes by wrapping in foil and popping into a 350-degree oven for about 10 minutes. They are best, though, served hot and delicious right off the stove!
Follow the steps below to make a batch of these gorgeous, golden, foolproof fritters today.
Ingredients
2 tbsp Bob's Red Mill Flax Meal or flax meal of your choice
1/2 cup room temperature water
2 large zucchini (approx 2 lbs or 4 cups shredded/pre-squeezed)
1/2 cup shredded potato (approx 1 medium potato)
1/2 cup shredded carrot (approx 1 medium carrot)
1/2 cup shredded onion (approx 1 small yellow onion)
1/3 cup chopped herbs (I use 2 tbsp each of mint, dill and parsley)
1 tbsp lemon zest
1/2 cup bread crumbs, fine-crushed and unseasoned
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 tsp baking powder (or baker's ammonia/ traditional Greek levener)
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
approx. 1/2 cup light olive oil or sunflower oil for frying (Buy your Greek extra virgin olive oil here)
Instructions
Shred zucchini into colander and sprinkle with about 2 tsp of salt (this amount is in addition to above 1 tsp above). Allow to drain over the sink for 20 minutes or so. Mix flax meal and water until completely combined. Set aside and allow mixture to sit for about 10 minutes as you prepare the rest of your recipe. Shred onions, carrots and potatoes. Squeeze out liquid from onions and potatoes by ringing them in a clean kitchen/tea towel over the sink. Set aside. Chop herbs, measure out breadcrumbs and spices (leaving out the AP flour), zest lemon and combine all in large bowl. When flax meal is ready, mix into large bowl with herbs/crumbs/spices until completely combined. Rinse (just very lightly) shredded zucchini and ring out any liquid in a kitchen/tea towel. Add all shredded veggies to bowl with flax/herbs/etc mixture and stir to combine completely. Lastly, add the flour and, now working with your hands, combine everything once more. Set aside to rest for at least 10 minutes on the counter and for up to 3 days, covered in the refrigerator. Add 3 tbsp oil to shallow frying pan and bring to medium heat. Watch the pan so your oil does not burn! I keep my pan at number 5 on my induction stove and remove pan from heat for about a minute between batches.
When ready to fry, scoop up squash mixture (I use a 1/3 cup measure) and roll into a ball your hands. Add ball to hot pan and gently pat into a patty. Make sure there is room around each for you to be able to flip them easily. Depending on the temp of your oil, frying should take about 2-3 minutes per side and come out a nice crispy golden brown. Add 2 tbsp oil to the pan between each batch. Serve and enjoy immediately!
Kiki Vagianos is The Greek Vegan! Kiki lives and cooks in Boston. She spends her free time collecting, testing and posting favorite traditional Greek recipes at The Greek Vegan website. She loves sharing these simple and delicious authentic dishes and helping to bring them back into kitchens throughout the Greek diaspora. Kali Orexi!
***
(CNN) -- U.S. Marine Cpl. Mario Ramos-Villalta put on his freshly pressed uniform early Thursday as a citizen of El Salvador. By the end of the day, he would be a citizen of the United States of America.
Mario Ramos-Villalta earned U.S. citizenship Thursday after two combat tours in Iraq. more photos »
"I am an American," he said with a smile moments after his paperwork cleared.
"It means a lot to me after so many years and two combat deployments, I finally get it, being an American. We are happy about it."
"It's all thanks to CNN -- my news coming out, my story. That helped me out a lot," he said, referring to a story about his plight run March 20 by CNN.com. See up-close photos of Ramos-Villalta »
Ramos-Villalta, with his father at his side, went to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in downtown Los Angeles, California, where dozens of other immigrants were crowded in hopes of becoming American citizens.
Soon, Ramos-Villalta, 22, was called into an office where he answered some questions before his citizenship was finally cleared. A few hours later, he was sworn in at a naturalization ceremony with another Marine, Lance Cpl. Jose M. Tress, 23, of Mexico, and a sailor, Cpl. Marco A. Guzman, 28, of the Phillipines.
For Ramos-Villalta's dad, it was a lifelong dream: His son is the first family member to become an American citizen.
"I'm very proud of him, as is his mother, and all his brothers and sisters," Mario Ramos said. The father came to the United States from El Salvador in the 1980s.
He said his son wanted to be a member of the U.S. military since he was very young. Watch a smiling Ramos-Villalta describe "I finally got it" »
His family has always supported him, but his father said they constantly worry about him when he's in a war zone, and they don't want him to get deployed again.
"It's what he wants, but his mother and I worry about him all the time. We're always watching the news wondering if he's safe or if anything happened to him."
But Ramos-Villalta is about to deploy to Afghanistan, his third combat tour. He twice served in Iraq, where he earned a Purple Heart.
Ramos-Villalta said that finally getting citizenship lifts a huge burden, ahead of his deployment next month.
"It feels way better now. There's no more stress," he said. "I really get to fight for my country now."
Ramos-Villalta fled El Salvador's civil war in 1989 with his family as a young boy and lived in the United States for a time. Though he returned to El Salvador with his mother while his father stayed in California to work, he eventually made it back to Southern California and got his green card when he was 13.
He graduated from Santa Ana High School in Santa Ana, California, in 2004, becoming the first in his family to graduate from high school.
He then joined the Marines, becoming one of an estimated 20,500 "non-U.S. citizens" -- dubbed "green-card warriors" -- currently serving in the military.
The path to citizenship has been all the more difficult because he's been at war and wounded in action, with little time to deal with the paperwork and lawyers needed to file for citizenship.
But his new citizenship gives him hope for others in his position.
"I just hope that everybody else in the same situation gets citizenship real fast and the government can speed up the process."
The United States has tried to make it easier for foreigners serving in the military to become citizens. After the September 11 terrorist attacks, President Bush signed into law a measure allowing active-duty non-citizens who have served honorably in war on or after September 11, 2001, "to file for immediate citizenship," according to the Defense Department.
Since that time, nearly 37,000 non-citizens of the U.S. armed forces have gotten citizenship, according to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Another 7,300 have requests still pending. It typically takes seven to 10 months to process an application.
As of Thursday, there's at least one request that is no longer pending.
"I finally get to wear the uniform of my country," he said. "I don't feel left out." E-mail to a friend
CNN's Manuel Perez contributed to this report.
All About Iraq War • War and Conflict • U.S. Marines Activities
Would you like fries (or onion rings or chicken tenders) with that?
A little over a year ago, McDonald's tested a new product, Mighty Wings, in the Atlanta market. And Atlanta-based Serious Eats columnist Todd Brock got his hands on them. His review of the then 'limited release' wings can be found here: McDonald's Debuts Mighty Wings in Atlanta, They're Actually Mighty Good.
Now, go back and actually read the damn review. I'll wait.
Pretty good piece, right?
This month, McDonald's launched its Mighty Wings nationwide, so we felt a follow-up was in order. So what, if anything, has changed? It seems fair to highlight a couple of things Todd said, drop in a couple of updates, sprinkle some photos here and there, and wrap it on up. Whaddya say?
"They have a genuinely spicy kick."
The 2013 version hasn't lost a step in the spice department. Again, not "hot wings" in the traditional sense (though I'm pretty sure "hot wings" usually refers to a chicken wing with a hot sauce application), but spicy enough to satisfy people who currently have two or more unique bottles of hot sauce in their pantry/fridge. Undoubtedly, some customers will find the spice unpleasant. They're wrong.
"A word about sauces"
No changes to the sauce offerings (Creamy Ranch, Honey Mustard, Spicy Buffalo, BBQ, and Sweet & Sour). No real need, either. Now as they did then, the wings stand well on their own merit. The sauces were more enjoyable than other recent offerings from Popeye's, so there's that. (Note: Americans love sauces, but 'more' does not always equal 'better.') It's important to note that, given the Mighty Wings size (see wing vs. cell phone picture below), McDonald's may want to consider reengineering the sauce containers rather than just using the same Chicken McNugget packages. It's easy to mush a McNugget into a thumb sized BBQ sauce; a firm, bone-in wing is another matter.
"Some wings showed patchy bare spots."
None that I noticed, actually, but admittedly I didn't look very hard. I housed 10 Mighty Wings in, oh, roughly the same number of minutes. Lay off me, I was starving (man, I hope someone gets this reference).
"I feel like McDonald's could have a perception problem to overcome if they are to go wide."
I feel you on this one, Todd. They're working hard, sure, as evidenced by their new commercials featuring NFL Quaterbacks Joe Flacco and Colin Kaepernick, but I doubt "McDonald's" comes to mind in the first 10 places you think about when you're craving chicken wings. The best thing McDonald's has going for it is the taste, and that's huge, maybe?
Speed/Presentation/Extra:
I don't remember waiting particularly long for my 10-piece order of Mighty Wings (still being served in two 5-piece boxes, by the way; c'mon, McDonald's, that's rookie stuff...), but I also downed a small McCafé Mocha Frappé while I was waiting, so maybe I got lost in the sugar rush. A $9.19, 10-piece order also chimes in at 960 calories. Both the price and the calorie count struck me as large as, and I don't feel any better about either when writing this now.
Yes, this review is light on the product itself. Everything Todd said about the crispiness, juiciness, and meatiness still holds true a year later. I can't say it any better then he did, folks:
"Holy crap, those are really freakin' good."
— Todd Brock Lee Movic
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Patient tested for Ebola at Belfast hospital BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A patient at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast who recently travelled to an Ebola hit area is being tested for the virus. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/patient-tested-for-ebola-at-belfast-hospital-30729993.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article30729984.ece/b603a/AUTOCROP/h342/177698225.jpg
Email
A patient at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast who recently travelled to an Ebola hit area is being tested for the virus.
The Public Health Agency (PHA) has confirmed that a person is being assessed in accordance with the agreed risk assessment.
A BBC report said they understood that the patient has been held in a special isolation unit since Friday.
The patient being treated has already tested positive for Malaria, and an Ebola test is being carried out as a precautionary measure.
In a statement issued on Sunday the PHA said it was liaising with colleagues and has advised that there is no increased risk to the wider community.
''It is important to note that the likelihood of contracting Ebola is extremely low unless the person had come into contact with blood or body fluids of a symptomatic person. Therefore we would like to stress that the risk to the public is low,'' they said.
They added: ''There is no change to the current situation in Northern Ireland in that the risk to the public here is very low.''
A further update will be given when results are available.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Governments will use whatever technology is available to combat their primary enemy – their own population, says critic
The actions of the US government in spying on It's and other countries' citizens have been sharply criticised by Noam Chomsky, the prominent political thinker, as attacks on democracy and the people.
"Governments should not have this capacity. But governments will use whatever technology is available to them to combat their primary enemy – which is their own population," he told the Guardian.
In his first public comment on the scandal that has enveloped the US, UK and other governments, as well as internet companies such as Google and Microsoft, Chomsky said he was not overly surprised technology and corporations were being used in this way.
"This is obviously something that should not be done. But it is a little difficult to be too surprised by it," he said. "They [governments and corporations] take whatever is available, and in no time it is being used against us, the population. Governments are not representative. They have their own power, serving segments of the population that are dominant and rich."
Chomsky, who has strongly supported the Occupy movement and spoken out against the Obama administration's use of drones, warned that young people were much less shocked at being spied on and did not view it as such a problem.
"Polls in the US indicate there is generational issue here that someone ought to look into – my impression is that younger people are less offended by this than the older generation. It may have to do with the exhibitionist character of the internet culture, with Facebook and so on," he said. "On the internet, you think everything is going to be public."
Other technologies could also come to be used to spy more effectively on people, he added. "They don't want people to know what they're doing. They want to be able to use [new technology] against their own people.
"Take a look at drones, and what is developing. You will find new drone technology being used in 10 or 12 years from now. They are looking at [trying to make] tiny drones that can go in your living room, like a fly on the wall."
He praised the Guardian's revelations about the activities of the National Security Agency, and the whistleblower Ed Snowden, who has been taking refuge in Hong Kong. "We need this kind [of journalism]," he said. "We ought to know about it."
Chomsky, a much-lauded academic and professor of linguistics, gained renown as a political critic when he vocally opposed the Vietnam war. Since then, he has written dozens of books on political power, capitalism and democracy and espoused a variety of activist campaigns, most recently the Occupy movement.
183 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Starship, a Liverpool-based digital entertainment studio, has today released vTime on the Gear VR store, the mobile platform's latest social VR app. I got a chance to check out vTime's alpha and sat down with Paul Hollywood, the studios product development director, to find out more.
vTime is essentially organized like a social network, allowing you to search other users by name and subsequently send friend requests. And like a social(able) network, once a request is mutually accepted, you then have access to that person in your ‘Connections' submenu, and will receive notifications whenever they pop into vTime. From there, you simply send a chat request, wait for it to be accepted, and you're chatting face-to-face with your buddy in VR in the location of your choosing.
Meeting people isn't just done by scouring your friends-of-friends like on Facebook though, as the app also has a mode that lets you discover random matches, which opens the possibility of rooms based on hobbies and other interests. A profile section is still under development to facilitate this.
An intuitive, gaze-based UI makes navigating the app a very simple and refreshingly easy affair. You have plenty to choose from too: avatar customization, friends, themed chat rooms, even a room where you can host shared viewings of 360 degree still images. Paul Hollywood, Starship‘s Product Development Director, told me that soon the platform's content library will allow you to upload images and video to their cloud back-end and share them in a vTime session with other people. That would be a first for mobile social VR, and could open the door to showing photos and home video to friends and family while connected remotely. This feature is reportedly coming in Q1 2016.
See Also: ‘Convrge' Announces Gear VR Beta with Cross-Platform YouTube Viewing
Themed chat rooms, like the vacuum of space at low Earth orbit, or below a reproduction of Yosemite National Park's El Capitan rock formation, currently allow up to 4 people at a time—making it small-scale environment for intimate chats rather than the free-for-all of larger scale social VR. Take note however: like Oculus Social, avatars are confined to predetermined seats within any given area, so there is no in-room navigation whatsoever.
What amazed me most of all was the level of performance that vTime managed to squeeze out of the Gear VR platform's mobile processor. Hollywood told me that the complex scenes I saw around me were in fact a clever blending of a rendered space and pre-rendered 3D 360 video. If he hadn't clued me in to that, I don't think I would have noticed. The addition of randomly queued character events, like a scuttling crab or a stork on his walk across the beach, gave us something gab about at as we discussed the future of vTime.
Avatars
Fans of Polygon's Monster Factory will find the avatar creation tool somewhat lacking in comparison to some of the slider-based systems available on AAA titles, but clearly leaves you with enough options to make a Hawaiian shirt-wearing techno viking. Clothes, facial hair, sex and skin color are all customizable in vTime.
Much like Oculus Social, vTime generates some character movement to make the avatars seem more life-like. But whereas Oculus Social adds in some sneaky eye movement, vTime adds in mouth, eyes, body, and hand movement based on audio input alone. The effort is well-meaning, considering the Gear VR only has headtracking, but I found myself looking down at my own hands to see them flailing without my consent.
Proprioception, or the body's innate understanding of it relative position, is an important aspect of feeling immersed in a space, and my hunch is if you can't do it right, you probably shouldn't do it at all.
As vTime is now in open alpha, there's little we can do but applaud their innovation, but at the same time I hope to see character animations fade into the metaphorical background until real hand-tracking or positionally-tracked controllers come to mobile VR.
See Also: Video Hands-On with ‘Oculus Social', Enabling Shared Experiences on Gear VR
Compatibility
This early in VR's path to mass adoption, the question remains whether the userbase will be large enough to sustain a program that essentially functions as a social network. The inclusion of cross-compatibility with Google Cardboard bodes well numbers-wise for vTime, as there are already millions in the hands of consumers, but the number of devices the program itself can run on—with its slick character animations, slithering creatures, and beautifully rendered foreground—could be limited considering the high GPU load required. Granted, the version I tried was intended for the Gear VR-compatible flagship phones, so there's no telling what the studio will sacrifice to get it running lower speced handsets.
Although the team is focusing on mobile VR at the moment, the studio is also an official PlayStation VR developer, have an HTC Vive developer kit, and an Oculus Rift DK2, and they to bring the platform to PC and console VR devices in the future.
“The interesting thing is the platform that we've created in terms of communication aspect is agnostic to those platforms, so you can join in. obviously with the higher end devices that are running much more powerful chipsets and graphic processors that we can take the same environment that we've created, and instead of a skybox on mobile, it'll be true 3D. So we've created quite a clever pipeline for high-end visuals for pc and console based vr that we then scale down to run on lower-end mobile devices,” said Paul Hollywood.
Hollywood told me that the vTime Cardboard app be cross-compatible with Gear VR upon its release in Q1 2016.
If that's not enough features, a companion app for PC will be made available so observers can watch a conversation and record anything that happens in the space if they're invited.
NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. manufacturing growth picked up to a three-month high in May, while private business activity in the euro zone grew at just under its fastest pace in three years, surveys showed on Thursday.
U.S. President Barack Obama tours the Ford Motor Company Chicago Assembly Plant August 5, 2010. REUTERS/Jason Reed
In Asia, China's factory sector turned in its best performance this year in May but still contracted for the fifth straight month, while Japanese factory activity cooled slightly in May but at a slower pace than in April.
Financial data firm Markit said its preliminary or “flash” U.S. Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index rose to 56.2 in May from 55.4 in April, while factory output growth hit its fastest pace since February 2011, rising to 59.6 from 58.2.
“The U.S. manufacturing is certainly in an expansion mode, and that's a good indication going forward, that it will remain on the bullish side of the equation for some time,” said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital in New York.
World stock indexes edged higher on Thursday as the data boosted investors' appetite for risky assets.
In Europe, an unexpected pickup in the service industry was offset by lackluster factory activity, but was enough to show the euro zone's fragile recovery has some traction.
“Overall, the data is a bit of a relief after disappointing first-quarter figures,” said Christian Schulz, senior economist at Berenberg Bank.
“In China, the authorities are doing something and the economy is responding. (But) the European Central Bank is worried because it looks like inflation will stay low for a long period of time.”
Markit's Composite Purchasing Managers' Index for the currency bloc, seen as a good indicator of growth, edged down to 53.9 from a near three-year high of 54.0 in April, matching the consensus forecast in a Reuters poll of analysts.
Readings above 50 indicate expansion, and Markit said the index pointed to second-quarter economic growth of 0.5 percent, which would be the strongest in three years and better than the 0.3 percent predicted in a Reuters poll on Wednesday.
But the data also revealed the biggest split between the euro zone's two largest economies since February. France contracted while Germany bounded ahead, although led by services rather than manufacturing.
RATE CUT
Decent overall growth is good news for the ECB, but with official inflation at 0.7 percent, well below the central bank's 2 percent ceiling, it will be concerned that companies slashed prices for the 26th month running to drum up trade.
The ECB is expected to cut what little it has left of its main interest rate and push the deposit rate below zero next month, a Reuters poll predicted this week.
“Today's data are a reminder of the fragility and unevenness of the recovery. With inflation low and a sustained euro zone recovery not yet assured, further ECB easing in June looks all but certain,” said Martin van Vliet at ING.
The economic picture was also mixed for the world's second-largest economy, China.
HSBC/Markit's Flash China Manufacturing PMI rose to 49.7 in May from April's 48.1, reaching its highest since December and beating the median forecast of 48.1.
Sub-indexes measuring output as well as domestic and foreign demand all recovered sharply. But factory jobs were shed for the 13th month and the overall index still pointed to contraction.
Premier Li Keqiang said in March it was acceptable for GDP growth to be slightly below the 7.5 percent target this year as long as the job market held up. Previously, he has said growth of at least 7.2 percent was needed to create sufficient jobs.
But just as China and the ECB look set to ease policy the Bank of England is becoming the favorite to be the first major central bank to hike interest rates - probably in the second quarter of next year.
Federal Reserve policymakers last month also began laying groundwork for an eventual retreat from easy monetary policy with a discussion of how to best control interest rates as they remove trillions of dollars from the financial system.
Meanwhile a survey showed Japanese factory activity contracted slightly in May but at a slower pace than in April, suggesting some recovery from the impact of a sales tax increase last month.
The Markit/JMMA flash Japan Manufacturing PMI rose to a seasonally adjusted 49.9 in May from April's 49.4.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Usagi Yojimbo. Mouse Guard and Mice Templar.
And now… Squarriors.
By Ashley Witter and Ash Maczko. Turning squirrels into the lead of a new action adventure comic book series. From Devils Due in December. And it looks absolutely gorgeous.
Or rather grotesque. Your call.
Am I the only one getting a Michael Zulli vibe from this? Either way, if the standard is this high, there is no way this won't be a hit. A massive hit.
There will be a crowdfunding campaign next month which should be fully funded about five minutes after going live. And the creators will be hosting Count-i-Con Comic Convention in Round Lake Beach, IL this weekend. Is anyone going? Do let me know…
And start pre-ordering the toys now.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
Each track is bumping just over the seven minute mark and is each It's own unique journey through time and space with future funky braindance to keep you moving even after the music stops.
Erothyme has brought several unmistakably playful grooves and elaborate melodies to the table. His unique sounds take the listener and the dancer alike, on a wild and exciting journey. These huge tunes are intricate and push the limits of what is found in intelligent dance music today. They are an eclectic layering of future funk fractals that tickle brain in a brilliant way. Each track is bumping just over the seven minute mark and is each It's own unique journey through time and space with future funky braindance to keep you moving even after the music stops.
This is Bobby West's first official release since his 2010 release on Beardology and his first release on Street Ritual. Hailing from Virginia, Bobby has been touring across the U.S. for several years as Erothyme, regularly making stops across the Eastern and Southwest United States. Starting two years ago Bobby began making pilgrimages to the Pacific Northwest during the summer months to enjoy the appreciative downtempo IDM scene found there. This will be the second year that Erothyme's music will be featured at Photosynthesis Festival in Neah Bay, Washington. Bobby's live sets are always notably composed of elaborate live production and psychedelic live keyboarding.
Three Sevens is available on Street Ritual. [Addictech release page]
For months, NASA scientists (and the rest of us playing along at home) have been puzzling over a series of mysterious bright patches spotted in the middle of a huge crater on the dwarf planet Ceres.
First seen by the Dawn spacecraft, which is now steadily orbiting closer and closer to Ceres, NASA's original assumption was that the patches were made of ice, but the wavelengths of light being reflected suggested otherwise. And despite coming up with a whole lot of hypotheses since then, they've publicly remained stumped as to what could be causing the patches - until now.
At the European Planetary Science Congress in France at the end of last month, Dawn's principal investigator Chris Russell told scientists that they now believe the patches, which are located in the Occator crater, are huge salt deposits. "We know it's not ice and we're pretty sure it's salt, but we don't know exactly what salt at the present time," said Russell in his address, which has since been posted online.
Ice was the most obvious guess for the highly reflective patches, because Ceres is believed to harbour a huge ocean beneath its surface. In fact, the dwarf planet is suspected to contain more freshwater than we have here on Earth, and it was thought that a meteor collision may chip off some of the planet's surface and exposed this frozen water.
But ice is known to reflect nearly all of the light shone on it, whereas Ceres' mysterious patches only seem to reflect around 40 percent, so that idea didn't quite add up. There was also the suggestion that the bright spots might be some type of rock, or the results of geyser or volcanic activity.
Those sound like pretty cool options, but don't get too disappointed that they've been disproven. If confirmed, the presence of salt on the surface of Ceres is equally exciting, and would indicate that the surface of the dwarf planet is still active. Russell explained that they believe the salts are "derived from the interior somehow", and weren't put there by an asteroid.
Although we still know very little about the salt patches, it's possible that they may have got there in a similar way to the salty deposits recently confirmed on the surface of Mars.
And just like on Mars, there's also a good reason that we're not rushing down to Ceres to check the bright patches out - a subsurface ocean on Ceres could very well harbour life, and we don't want to contaminate it with traces of Earth.
As our editor Bec Crew wrote last week, NASA is bound by the 1967 Outer Space Treaty, which forbids "anyone from sending a mission, robot or human, close to a water source in the fear of contaminating it with life from Earth".
And the type of sterilisation required to make rovers safe to get near water would also fry their hardware. "In order to be completely sterile, they'd have to use really powerful ionising radiation or heat, both of which would damage the electronics," astrobiologist Malcolm Walter told Marcus Strom over at The Sydney Morning Herald. "So they go as far as they dare."
So for now all our observations of these presumably salty patches will be made by Dawn. But as the spacecraft gets closer to the dwarf planet towards the end of the year, we'll have access to more high-res photos and hopefully more information on what's causing them.
If there's one thing we've learnt this year, it's that space has all kinds of weird and wonderful things going on, and we can't wait to find out more about what's going on out there on Ceres. Watch Russell's full opening address below:
Andrew Bird has collaborated with Fiona Apple on “Left Hand Kisses,” the second song he's shared from his upcoming album Are You Serious after the rocking “Capsized.” “My inclination was to write a song about why I can't write a simple love song. The song began as an internal dialogue,” Bird says of the track. “At first it was just my voice. Then another voice came creeping in and I thought ‘this should be a duet if I can find the right person.' I needed to find someone really indicting. She was totally committed. The session was a long whiskey-fueled night — unhinged, for sure. All worth it, of course. I can't write simple love songs. People are complex.” Man, a long whiskey-fueled night with Andrew Bird and Fiona Apple sounds incredible. Listen to “Left Handed Kisses” below.
Tour dates:
02/26 Amsterdam, NL @ Muziekgebouw aan't IJ
02/27 Rotterdam, NL @ De Doelen
02/28 Groningen, NL @ De Oosterpoort
03/30 Nashville, TN @ The Ryman
04/01 Knoxville, TN @ Big Ears Festival
04/02 Atlanta, GA @ The Tabernacle
04/04 Philadelphia, PA @ Electric Factory
04/05 Washington, DC @ 9:30 Club
04/07 Brooklyn, NY @ Kings Theatre
04/08 New York, NY @ Terminal 5
04/09 Boston, MA @ Citi Wang Theatre
04/11 Montreal, QC @ Virgin Mobile Corona Theatre
04/13 Toronto, ON @ Danforth Music Hall
04/14 Detroit, MI @ Royal Oak Music Theatre
04/15 Columbus, OH @ The LC Pavillion
04/16 Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues
04/18 Milwaukee, WI @ The Riverside Theater
04/19 Minneapolis, MN @ First Avenue
04/21 Kansas City, MO @ Arvest Bank Theatre at The Midland
04/22 St. Louis, MO @ The The Pageant
04/30 Dublin, IRE @ Vicar Street
05/02 Edinburgh, UK @ Queen's Hall
05/03 Manchester, UK @ Cathedral
05/04 London, UK @ Roundhouse
05/06 Amsterdam, NL @ Paradiso
05/08 Brussels, BE @ Cirque Royale
05/09 Paris, FR @ Trianon
05/13 San Diego, CA @ The Observatory North Park
05/14 Los Angeles, CA @ Ace Theatre
05/15 Los Angeles, CA @ Ace Theatre
05/16 San Francisco, CA @ The Masonic
05/18 Portland, OR @ Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall
05/19 Seattle, WA @ The Showbox
05/21 Vancouver, BC @ Orpheum Theatre
05/23 Salt Lake City, UT @ The Depot
05/24 Denver, CO @ Paramount Theatre
Are You Serious is out 4/1 on Loma Vista.
It was in the context of this standoff that Mr. Schäuble felt that accepting an alternative plan for Greece's recovery, in place of the troika's program, would weaken Germany's hand vis-à-vis the French. Thus little Greece was crushed while the elephants tussled.
We had such a plan. In March, I undertook the task of compiling an alternative program for Greece's recovery, with advice from the economist Jeffrey Sachs and input from a host of experts, including the former American Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, and the former British chancellor of the Exchequer Norman Lamont.
Our proposals began with a strategy for debt swaps to reduce the public debt's burden on state finances. This measure would allow for sustainable budget surpluses (net of debt and interest repayments) from 2018 onward. We set a target for those surpluses of no more than 2 percent of national income (the troika program's target is 3.5 percent). With less pressure on the government to depress demand in the economy by cutting public spending, the Greek economy would attract investors of productive capital.
As well as making this possible, the debt swaps would also render Greek sovereign debt eligible for the European Central Bank's quantitative easing program. This in turn would speed up Greece's return to the money markets, reducing its reliance on loans from European institutions.
To generate homegrown investment, we proposed a development bank to take over public assets from the state, collateralize them and so create an income stream for reinvestment. We also planned to set up a “bad bank” that would use financial engineering techniques to clear the Greek commercial banks' mountain of nonperforming loans. A series of other reforms, including a new, independent I.R.S.-like tax authority, rounded out our proposals.
The document was ready on May 11. Although I presented it to key European finance ministers, including Mr. Schäuble, as the Greek Finance Ministry's official plan, it never received the endorsement of our own prime minister. The reason? Because the troika made it abundantly clear to Mr. Tsipras that any such document would be seen as a hostile attempt to backtrack from the conditions of the troika's existing program. That program, of course, had made no provision for debt restructuring and therefore demanded cripplingly high budget surpluses.
The fact that few people ever got to hear about the Greek plan is a testament to the eurozone's deep failures of governance. If the “Athens Spring” — when the Greek people courageously rejected the catastrophic austerity conditions of the previous bailouts — has one lesson to teach, it is that Greece will recover only when the European Union makes the transition from “We the states” to “We the European people.”
Suitors can tell a young person's attitude toward sexual relationships by the look on their face, according to new research which researchers say gives deeper insight into mate attractiveness.
The study of 700 heterosexual participants also found that young men and women look for complete opposites when it comes to relationships with the other sex.
In no great shock to anyone who is now or has ever been young, men generally prefer women who they perceive are open to short-term sexual relationships whilst women are usually interested in men who appear to have potential to be long-term relationship material.
Quiz. What do you think his attitude is?
The scientists say the research shows people can use their perceptions to make more informed partner selection depending on the type of relationship they are pursuing. The study is a significant step in further understanding the evolution of partner choice, according to the research team from Durham, St Andrews and Aberdeen Universities.
In the study, participants were shown pairs of photographs or ‘averaged' facial images of men and women in their early 20s with two opposing attitudes to relationships. The participants were asked to choose the face that they felt would be more open to short-term sexual relationships, one-night stands and the idea of sex without love. They were also asked which face they thought was the most attractive for a long- or short-term relationship, who was more masculine or feminine, and who they thought was generally attractive.
Participants were asked to judge the attractiveness and attitudes to sex of the opposite sex from their facial photographs. These perceptual judgements were then compared with the actual attitudes and behaviours of the individuals in the photographs, which had been determined through a detailed questionnaire. The people in the photographs were all in their early 20s.
The experiments found that the men and women taking part could generally judge from photographs who would be more interested in a short-term sexual relationship. In the first study sample of 153 participants, 72 per cent of people correctly identified the attitudes from photographs more than half of the time. However, further questioning showed that the participants were not always confident in their judgements.
The research also found that women who were open to short-term sexual relationships were usually seen by others as more attractive – although researchers can not determine precisely why without further investigation. The men who were most open to casual sex were generally perceived as being more masculine-looking, with facial features including squarer jaws, larger nose and smaller eyes.
These findings support previous research carried out by the Durham team which found that women see masculine men as more likely to be unfaithful and as worse parents.
Lead author Dr Lynda Boothroyd from Durham University's Psychology Department said: “Our results suggest that although some people can judge the sexual strategy of others simply from looking at their face, people are not always sure about their judgements possibly because the cues are very subtle. Yet preferences for different types of face were actually quite strong.
“This shows that these initial impressions may be part of how we assess potential mates – or potential rivals – when we first meet them. These will then give way over time to more in depth knowledge of that person, as you get to know them better, and may change with age.”
Dr Ben Jones, from the University of Aberdeen's Face Research Lab, said "Lots of previous studies have shown that people can judge a lot about a person from their face, including things like health and even some personality traits like introversion, but this really is the first study to show that people are also sensitive to subtle facial signals about the type of romantic relationships that others might enjoy."
Professor David Perrett from the University of St Andrews cautioned: “While faces do hold cues to sexual attitudes, men should not presume any kind of relationship is wanted from appearance alone since women's choice is what matters. Indeed most women found promiscuous-looking guys unattractive for both short and long-term relationships.”
Funded by the Medical Research Council and the Economic and Social Research Council.
Article: Lynda G. Boothroyd, Benedict C. Jones, D. Michael Burt, Lisa M. DeBruine, David I. Perrett, 'Facial correlates of sociosexuality', doi:10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2007.12.009
Call him the Bard of Avon or England's national poet or ShakeyP, there's no doubt that William Shakespeare is one of the top contributors in the business today. That's why we were positively exploding with anticipation when we learned he'd be dropping by our office with a recent build of his latest project, tentatively entitled Hamlet. To our disappointment, Hamlet wasn't a cross between ham and an omelette, as tasty as that sounds. No, it's a new play, one that according to its author will break new ground in the often staid tragedy genre. But will Shakespeare's Hamlet really live up to all the hype? Hit the jump to find out how our demo went.
The scene we were presented with shows the titular Hamlet talking to his mother, Gertrude. Apparently, Hamlet's father has been killed, and his uncle Claudius sits on the throne under somewhat suspicious circumstances. As best as we could make out, another man, Polonius, is spying on the conversation, and Hamlet, mistaking him for his villainous uncle, stabs him through a sheet. Or would have if the sword actually penetrated it– a Shakespeare rep was quick to point out that the plastic sword we saw would be replaced by a very realistic looking sword in the final shipping version of the play. After that, a ghost shows up and says some more stuff that we didn't quite get– the plot gets very convoluted at this point, and all we could tell was that Gertrude was mad at her son and that he would be off to England. All in all, though, it was a pretty engaging scene and we were left with a definite sense of what Hamlet is going to be all about.
What did we like?
The words: If ShakeyP is famous for anything it's for his way with words. Everyone's speech was beautifully written and listening to the flowery soliloquies was like experiencing genuine literature.
The action: The only action sequence we got to witness was Hamlet stabbing Polonius, but we were impressed with what we saw. Hamlet convincingly lashed out and both Polonius and the sheet in front of him reacted realistically, with the cloth waving around and the old man dropping to one knee before he died. It's nuances like this that have given Shakespeare the name he has today.
What didn't we like?
Whiny young protagonist: Well, maybe ShakeyP's been taking a little too many cues from the JRPG bag of tricks these days. Hamlet himself is a pretty unlikeable hero, one who spends too much time dithering about what to do and not enough time kicking ass. The devs are trying to portray him as a red-blooded young lad by giving him a love interest named Ophelia, but he seems suspiciously more at home with his buddies Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. How gamers are going to identify with him is beyond us.
The words: Did we mention the play is long and full of words? We found ourselves nodding off a certain point. We suggested some kind of skip function, and the Bard seemed to like our idea, saying that not everyone really needs to hear all of that stuff. We'll see if something like that gets implemented for the final version.
Graphics: The visuals have never been the strongest suit of Shakespeare's works, but the ones we saw in Hamlet were a little bit concerning. The scene we watched only had three characters on the stage at any one time, and the bedroom setting was so sparse it looked like it could have been something from a couple generations back. Hopefully by the time the play comes out they'll have passed a few more renders over the whole thing to bring it up to more modern standards.
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
All right I'm gonna fix the draft lottery right here forty it happens not fixed yet please carefully say that benefit of a repair it. OK can I remember last year they counted down from fourteen to one. 1413. 1211. And with each one they said what was gonna happen is when they had a winner that logo would be goal. People remember that because it went all the way to the end but that that logo remembers that there would be goal. So. Like the drama will be ruined. If you are. San Jose and I San Jose let's say that. And I that Dallas ready okay Boston did Wayne LA did win Dallas and they want until. Well. Thanks NHL it wasn't dramatic at all. It surprised Dallas wins in the other teams. Slot in and that's the end of it in the broadcast last what forty seconds. So what the NHL should do I'm going to Ron. Our draft throw your first rafter all the morning. And I'm not gonna tell you gentlemen who won. I'm going to reveal that the way that I believe the NHL should he show you the drama that kid that couldn't sue okay right. Well a new draft from music. First and its regular rapture oil if done yet draft thrill for me to not only have one more days ago. Let's get to the draft all right this is practicing losing the lottery I'm gonna run it. Can I help run it. Tonight dramatic because this is what they should do. I have a winner I don't was won the lottery game. Fourteen logos up on the court. I'll be Bild daily. You got delusional you and then I should be built him mr. administrator. But you move Toronto the removed Toronto. And Dallas. I don't medallist doesn't bother me and art Toronto. That's got its like elects. That's a big big name to that that it can throw was good. Mr. administrator from him. Would you remove New Jersey. From the entire league San Jose want. No New Jersey Arizona goodness Arizona's. And Los Angeles. Good little little breath the low side there are OLA doesn't need Connor David would be just. But we got we're we're told we're like we're right at the remaining teams buffalo Edmonton Carolina Philadelphia. And Columbus Colorado Florida and Boston and sweating a little bit North Carolina and new Carolina write this what will be doing an airline mr. administrator. Please remove Carolina. Colorado at Colorado. Airline and Edmonton. Like dealer no deal no dollar value of having a downs now the remaining teams are buffaloed yeah Philadelphia. Columbus. Florida. And Boston. Out of the final live rock and thought this is much better by the way by the waiters don't you feel the stress. That's on I'm not kidding around the bases this is. You'd be sitting don't let the market out you'd be at home synching Allie up before can only of obesity and I don't shut up and up but they're not trying to build a moment up Boston needs to come off the board. Mr. administrator. Please remove the Florida Panthers. You know bark David T gotten it and the Philadelphia Flyers yeah. I look at the final three after the break all don't do that what you tell. That's what they should do and they should pick commercial moment board and we're waiting to find out if it's buffalo Columbus Boston. I tipper were not anywhere close the breaks though. In the lowest point in your best war. Thanks NHL draft lottery this is our extant draft throw to keep this is how they should reveal who wins the lottery. So who's left now off lost in buffalo and Columbus three things up. Mr. administrator. Please remove the buffaloes they've now. That's. We got Michael asked Boston's on the board where's nick David Columbus or Boston. Pleased that the Columbus. Please that'd be Columbus. Applause the thank you mr. administrator for your work today. At this point I'll reveal the winner. Of the NHL draft lottery we have. New general manager of Boston. GM ray Shearer X rays got it done a great job of using high picks before and you are okay alkaline you know. I roll call. The winner to come join me. Split screen of the two GMs. Authority no the winner of the 2015. NHL draft lottery is. The Columbus Blue Jackets yeah. That's fun. Wait better right now than just flip in the novel well if they had done a countdown instead. You would have made it 21234567.
Nodebooks: Introducing Node.js Data Science Notebooks
Python and Node.js in the same Jupyter notebook (part 1)
Glynn Bird Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 6, 2017
I am a developer, as in computer code. My job is to persuade computers to do my bidding by typing gibberish into a text file and presenting its contents to the computer like a sacrificial oblation.
The contents of the text files have changed over the years as my computer and I have communicated in several languages: BASIC, Pascal, C, C++, Forth, Java, Objective-C, PHP, Python. But the language we share most often these days is JavaScript, either inside web pages or to run server-side apps and command-line tools using Node.js.
If I had a gun to my head and had to program my way out of it (which is, let's face it, unlikely), I'd choose Node.js. It's the language I have to Google least to remember the syntax.
Editor's note: Parts 1, 2, and 3 published in fall 2017. A more recent 2018 article updates the variable-sharing features described in part 2 of this series:
Notebooks
Notebooks (that's Jupyter/IPython Notebooks, not Moleskine® notebooks) are where data scientists process, analyse, and visualise data in an iterative, collaborative environment. Like other developers, I am not a data scientist, but I do like the idea of having a scratchpad where I can write some code, iteratively work on some algorithms, and visualise the results quickly.
To that end, David Taieb and I created pixiedust_node, an add-on for Jupyter notebooks that allows Node.js/JavaScript to run inside notebook cells. It's built on the popular PixieDust helper library. So let's get started!
Installing
Install both pixiedust and pixiedust_node using pip, the Python package manager. In a Jupyter Notebook cell:
!pip install pixiedust
!pip install pixiedust_node
Using pixiedust_node
Now we can import pixiedust_node into our notebook:
import pixiedust_node
And then we can write JavaScript code in cells whose first line is %%node :
Jared Bernstein, a former chief economist to Vice President Joe Biden, is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and author of 'The Reconnection Agenda: Reuniting Growth and Prosperity'.
I recently sat down for lunch with Dennis Kelleher, the president and chief executive of Better Markets, which Kelleher describes as “an independent, nonpartisan, nonprofit that fights for the economic security and prosperity of the American people by advocating for a strong, stable and balanced financial system.” He has worthy insights regarding the current state of financial market oversight, the implementation of Dodd-Frank and how these critical issues are playing out in the election. So I thought I'd share them with my PostEverything peeps!
JB: You and I share the serious concern that under-regulated financial markets could once again blow up the economy. In that regard, you've argued that Hillary Clinton's Wall Street oversight agenda had a lot to recommend it. Let's hear more about that. What are some of her best ideas?
DK: First and most importantly, she is focusing on Wall Street's biggest too-big-to-fail firms and their most predatory, dangerous, high-risk and profitable activities. For example, just four of the biggest U.S. banks (JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Bank of America) control more than 90 percent of the more than $200 trillion U.S. derivatives markets, which before the 2008 crash were unregulated. The 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law did regulate those markets, but she is calling for strengthening those regulations to prevent bailouts and protect taxpayers by restoring the “swaps push out rule.” Another example is the “Volcker Rule” ban on the biggest banks' high-risk trading for their own accounts, often with taxpayer backed deposits (called “proprietary trading”), which she is going to strengthen by closing risky loopholes. But she also knows that regulation without enforcement means nothing, so she is also proposing to fully fund the regulatory cops on the Wall Street beat at the CFTC [U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission] and the SEC [U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission].
[Clinton has yet to respond to Trump's attack on globalism]
JB: So you don't worry about her alleged ties to Wall Street?
DK: We should all worry about any candidate with ties to the biggest, most politically powerful financial firms, which pose a unique threat to the financial system, the economy and the standard of living of all Americans. But we also have to look at what the candidates say and do. Here, Secretary Clinton has proposed a robust plan to comprehensively regulate the entire universe of finance, banks and non-banks alike. In particular, she is, as stated above, advocating for policies that are directly against the interests and priorities of those firms. She's also taken specific actions over the last year, which go directly against the interests and priorities of the banks with the closest ties to her. For example, she strongly supported the Department of Labor fiduciary duty rule, which requires all those giving retirement advice to put their clients' interests first. This is going to cost some of the biggest financial firms in the country tens of billions of dollars, and they spent tens of millions of dollars over five years to defeat that rule. The same is true for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau [CFPB], which many well-connected financial firms have spared no effort to kill because it has returned more than $12 billion to more than 27 million Americans from financial firms who ripped them off. Here again, Clinton fully supports the CFPB.
JB: How would you rate Donald Trump in this space? He's made some claims about going after Wall Street but it's always hard to pin down what he's really getting at.
DK: Actually, it's not that hard: His policies would almost certainly lead to another financial crash, more bailouts for Wall Street and another deep recession. He wants to repeal the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which is really all that protects Main Street from the high risks and often reckless activities of Wall Street's biggest firms. It's that type of deregulation that led to the 2008 crash and caused the economic catastrophe from which we're still trying to recover.
[Rules to prevent another Wall Street meltdown would be frozen under Trump ‘moratorium']
JB: Where would you say we're at right now in terms of adequate oversight of markets? Are some of the Dodd-Frank provisions working?
DK: Financial regulation is much better today than it has been in decades. However, there is still a long way to go before the unique risks from this handful of very dangerous too-big-to-fail firms are either eliminated or reduced to the lowest levels possible. No question a number of key Dodd-Frank provisions are working, but many still have to be finalized, implemented and, importantly, enforced. It is a comprehensive, integrated law and it all must be enacted to effectively rein in Wall Street's riskiest activities. … It is essential to focus on the biggest risks at the biggest firms and markets, not just parts of the financial system.
JB: Is the CFPB working?
DK: If the CFPB was an Olympic competitor, it would be Michael Phelps with dozens of gold medals, only better. Phelps has been at it for more than 20 years. The CFPB had to be started from scratch just five years ago but has already made consumer protection a priority in our financial markets, as proved by an impressive record of returning more than $10 billion to 27 million ripped off American consumers. One of the key accelerants of the 2008 crash was widespread predatory, illegal and, too often, criminal conduct where consumers were routinely ripped off and fraud was a frequently business model. That was due to very little consumer protection pre-crash, which was also highly fragmented and mostly ineffective. The CFPB was a solution to that gaping regulatory hole and it is proving itself to be an invaluable protector of financial consumers across the country.
JB: You recently said that when it comes to certain aspects of financial reform, it's as if Al Capone is setting the budget for the Chicago police force. That sounds terrible! Explain your concern.
DK: Even the best financial laws and rules are irrelevant unless they are effectively and consistently enforced evenhandedly among all market participants. The regulators are the front-line cops on the Wall Street beat who are supposed to enforce the rules. Wall Street's biggest firms know this and have used their economic power to buy political power, and their political allies have grossly and irresponsibly underfunded regulatory institutions like the SEC and the CFTC. As a result, these regulators struggle to enforce the law against those very financial firms. For example, the CFTC budget for an entire year is $250 million to police derivatives and commodities markets of more than $300 trillion. It's a job intentionally made impossible by Wall Street's derivatives dealers and their allies who want to keep it that way.
JB: Finally, suppose — and I fear this is a likely outcome — Congress doesn't want to implement any of the ideas you referenced in your first answer above. What could a President Clinton do on her own to regulate finance?
DK: Great question. You are probably right, but the good news is that existing laws, including in particular the Dodd-Frank law, already have all the powers and authorities needed to end too-big-to-fail, properly police our financial markets and protect investors and consumers. Sure, it would be great if Congress passed laws to restore the swaps push out, close loopholes in the Volcker Rule, and impose fees on wholesale funding and predatory high frequency trading. But, even if they don't, political will, leadership, and strong appointees can get the job done. This is just another way of saying “people are policy.”
The next president must appoint the strongest people possible to all the agencies and departments and ensure that they are committed and willing to fully and effectively implement and enforce Dodd-Frank specifically and financial reform generally. One important name to keep in mind here is Gary Gensler, who chaired the CFTC from 2009 to 2014, and who is currently associated with the Clinton campaign. Even under a ferocious industry lobbying assault and with a very small budget, Gensler enacted the most sweeping regulation of the U.S. derivatives markets in the country's history. That proves the right people in the right positions can get the job done and protect the American people.
Denis Suarez spoke to SPORT about life behind the doors of the Barcelona dressing room...
What was the best moment of the season?
The final, the Copa del Rey.
Which team-mate suprised you the most?
All of them, but perhaps I'd like to highlight Leo [Messi]. From outside he can seem like an almost unreachable person, but in the dressing room he's just one of the team. He's a f-----g great guy.
The welcome from the MSN trident surprised you?
The welcomed me from the first day and I have a great relationship with the three of them, although I get on best with Luis. I'm next to him in the dressing room and he's always supported me,
A fun moment?
There have been many throughout the year. The good thing with the dressing room is we have a good laugh on trips and in the hotels. We have a little group that play Mario Kart -- there's me, Busi, Sergi Roberto, Masip, Pique and Paco Alcacer.
Whos' the winner when you play?
Well, nearly everytime it's Paco!
Which stadium had the biggest impact on you?
Juventus' was spectacular before the game.
What's your favourite song in the dressing room?
There are a lot... Busi is the man that puts them on and there are a lot from Uruguay and Argentina. I don't have any preferences, I like them all.
Are you the player who looks after his hair the most?
There are people that make an even bigger effort... Marc-Andre ter Stegen spends a lot of time in front of the mirror.
The three best dressed players at the club?
I will keep that to myself, so nobody gets angry!
Which joke about you has made you laugh the most?
It made me laugh when we all had to choose emojis for each other. A lot of people chose either the painting fingernails or angel emojis for me.
The most celebrated goal?
Leo's at the Bernabeu and the first one I scored against Real Sociedad.
Finish the phrase: next season will be...
RELATED STORIES Monchi lining up Barcelona's Denis Suarez for Roma switch
Incredible and I hope we win all three trophies.
In the end, it wasn't that close at all.
Propelled by solid support in African-American neighborhoods—and massive margins in his downtown and North Side base—Mayor Rahm Emanuel swept to re-election tonight. It was a contest that doesn't quite make up for his February first-round stumble but may restore a bit of the mayoral swagger that Emanuel has been hiding of late.
With near-complete totals in, Emanuel had just under 56 percent of the vote, narrowly topping the 55.28 percent he received four years ago in first winning the office. He had 315,545 votes to 250,773 for Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, who got enough in February to force Emanuel to a runoff. Emanuel's 55.72 percent of the vote may rise slightly in coming days as thousands of mail ballots arrive and are counted.
In victory, Emanuel was humble—at least for now.
"I want to thank you for putting me through my paces," he told supporters at a victory party, seeming to speak to the broader electorate. "I will be a better mayor because of it."
Emanuel went on to promise to govern in "a different way" after a first term in which he was slammed as being arrogant and out of touch with the typical Chicagoan. "We need to bridge the gaps that divide us," he said.
'WE TRIED TODAY'
Garcia, in his speech, conceded the election was lost but said it was not a lasting defeat.
"We didn't lose today. We tried today," said Garcia, who despite heavy union support was outspent at least 4 to 1 in the campaign. "You want a city that works for everyone, not just downtown."
But though the night was Emanuel's, he will immediately face huge challenges, key among them stabilizing the city's finances and restoring Chicago's crumbling credit.
In that fight, he'll have fewer City Council allies than he did before. Among Emanuel loyalists who lost or were in danger of losing as the final votes came in were Natashia Holmes in the 7th Ward, John Pope in the 10th Ward, Lona Lane in the 18th Ward, Ray Suarez in the 31st Ward and Mary O'Connor in the 41st Ward.
For aldermanic results click here.
Still, Emanuel's own win was wide, as he won 35 of the city's 50 wards. Included were majority African-American wards, where he generally got in the high 50 percent range, and all the majority white wards. Particularly striking were totals downtown and on the North Side lakefront, where Emanuel got three votes in four or more in the 2nd, 42nd, 43rd and 44th wards.
Garcia won only majority Hispanic wards plus the Southeast Side 10th and far North Side 49th.
For ward-by-ward results of the mayor's race click here.
Overall turnout was up markedly from the first round in February, when only 478,000 people voted for mayor. This time, with 96 percent of the vote in and thousands more votes yet to count, the total was north of 555,000.
News
Now on GitHub: LocalStack, a Tool for Local AWS Mocking and Testing
A new project on the GitHub open source code repository is the LocalStack tool for testing and mocking cloud development projects, published by enterprise software company Atlassian.
While it may presumably be able to work with other cloud providers in the future, the tool now targets only the Amazon Web Services Inc. (AWS) platform, letting developers create and test cloud apps while offline.
Although LocalStack isn't new -- having been published on the Bitbucket hosting service in August 2016 -- its placement on GitHub has generated some buzz in the developer community.
"One of the biggest 'drawbacks' of using AWS as a production platform is that making your development environment look like production is hard," reads one post in Hacker News comments published today. "Having to deploy to test is cumbersome and having a cost associated with each test can definitely introduce some sort of 'stress' and encourage people to not test incrementally. I wonder if this changes that. Having services like S3, Lambda and SQS available locally sounds super interesting."
In addition to S3, Lambda and SQS, developers using LocalStack on their local machines can also spin up core cloud APIs for a bunch of other AWS services, including API Gateway, Kinesis, DynamoDB, DynamoDB Streams, Elasticsearch, Firehose, SNS and Redshift.
"Additionally, LocalStack provides a powerful set of tools to interact with the cloud services, including a fully featured KCL Kinesis client with Python binding, simple setup/teardown integration for nosetests, as well as an Environment abstraction that allows to easily switch between local and remote Cloud execution," the project site says.
Atlassian, perhaps best known for its JIRA issue tracking tool, said LocalStack combines and builds upon existing "best-of-breed" mocking/testing tools: primarily kinesalite/dynalite and moto.
Those tools lack functionality for some use cases, the project description states, so Atlassian combined them, made them interoperable and added missing functionality that it describes thusly:
Error injection: LocalStack allows developers to inject errors frequently occurring in real cloud environments, for instance ProvisionedThroughputExceededException which is thrown by Kinesis or DynamoDB if the amount of read/write throughput is exceeded.
Actual HTTP REST services: All services in LocalStack allow actual HTTP connections on a TCP port. In contrast, moto uses boto client proxies that are injected into all methods annotated with @mock_sqs. These client proxies do not perform an actual REST call, but rather call a local mock service method that lives in the same process as the test code.
Language agnostic: Although LocalStack is written in Python, it works well with arbitrary programming languages and environments, due to the fact that we are using the actual REST APIs via HTTP.
Isolated processes: All services in LocalStack run in separate processes. The overhead of additional processes is negligible, and the entire stack can easily be executed on any developer machine and CI server. In moto, components are often hard-wired in RAM (for example, when forwarding a message on an SNS topic to an SQS queue, the queue endpoint is looked up in a local hash map). In contrast, LocalStack services live in isolation (separate processes available via HTTP), which fosters true decoupling and more closely resembles the real cloud environment.
Pluggable services: All services in LocalStack are easily pluggable (and replaceable), due to the fact that we are using isolated processes for each service. This allows us to keep the framework up-to-date and select best-of-breed mocks for each individual service (for example, kinesalite is much more advanced than its moto counterpart).
Prerequisites to use the tool include: the "make" build automation tool; Python; the pip Python package manager; the npm package manager for Node.js; and the Java runtime environment and compiler (java/javac). Developers can also use LocalStack in a Docker container, obviating the need for installation requirements.
The project comes with a set of prebuilt unit and integration tests, along with a Web dashboard that helps keep track of AWS components and the relationships among them.
A developer called Zhuzhou Jiutian Real Estate, from Zhuzhou in China, Hunan province's second largest city, decided to bring a bit of suburban living style into the smoggy city life. This opens a door for everyone who would like to enjoy the life of suburban neighborhoods, with greenery and yards, but still has professional or other needs to live in the city centre, or simply likes the perks of vivid social life and loads of amenities that a big city offers.
The aforementioned developer built four villas on the roof of a five-story shopping mall in one of the fastest growing cities in China.
The houses are equipped with electricity and plumbing and they were built at the same time the mall was constructed, which must have made the entire project a lot easier to complete. All four of them are surrounded by large green spaces that offer the opportunity to create some truly wonderful scenery in the middle of the city.
The entire project is not new. Last year, Beijing passed a law that requires any building that has been built in the last 20 years, that has fewer than 12 floors and less than 45 meters of height to have live vegetation on their rooftops. Although this is the law only in Beijing, for the time being, many other cities have decided to join in on the action.
The houses and the greenery around them atop a shopping mall in Zhuzhou can only be seen from the surrounding buildings that are higher than the mall, but are completely invisible to street level observers, which gives the inhabitants the feeling of solitude and peace that big cities lack. The landscape around the houses is still not the prettiest one, but there is lots of space for improvement.
There is another problem with these. Apparently, the four houses will not be used for residential purposes, but serve as office space for the shopping mall employees. This might seem as a bit of waste, but the two downsides – unimaginative greenery and the lack of residential option – might actually be the signs of this project serving as a trial balloon for some future projects of green residential areas in the middle of large cities.
(Natural News) The media have been providing an awful lot of coverage on the women's march against Donald Trump, but they fail miserably to cover other viable protests to their nation's health. They continue to try and undermine the legitimacy of the Presidency, but that is by design. The owners of the mainstream media are all tied to interests that Trump seems determined to correct, which is why he didn't want any campaign funding to begin with. (RELATED: See more Donald Trump news at Trump.news)
Trump took to Twitter on Sunday morning to address his displeasure with the protests, but acknowledged peaceful protests ultimately as a good thing. “Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly,” Trump initially tweeted. “Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views,” followed up Trump.
Hillary Clinton did not participate in the Women's March on Washington. Hillary Clinton attended the inauguration. By doing so, she sets a shining example, which her followers are unfortunately failing to follow. (RELATED: Find more Clinton news at Clinton.news)
The initial organizers of the march were white women, but they handed leadership over to organizers from New York, who embrace a liberal agenda focusing on workers' rights, reproductive rights, environmental justice, immigrant rights, and ending violence against women. A group of anti-abortion women also wished to participate in the event, but those activists were excluded. Why would those women be excluded? Well, that's the left wing for you.
The mainstream media pummeled viewers with news stories claiming nobody was interested in the inauguration, and that everybody was super excited about the march. Nielsen television ratings put Trump's inauguration as the 2nd highest recorded in 36 years.
Are you marching for a cause, or is the cause marching for you
Neither the protests nor the DisruptJ20 attacks were spontaneous or organic demonstrations. Without the aid of left wing funded organizers, they would have never occurred. We know how fast the left wing works, we've seen how quickly ads went up on Craigslist to secure paid protesters after Trump's election. It's no surprise that the usual suspects were involved behind the scenes of the march.
The groups that organized the Women's March on Washington were underwritten by George Soros. He believes that China's government is superior to the US government. He sees the United States as his biggest obstacle in conquering his globalist agenda. The radical left wing still can't except the electoral college results, so it's blatant they don't respect the constitution.
Asra Q. Nomani wrote in the New York Times “the March really isn't a ‘women's march.' It's a march for women who are anti-Trump.” Nomani is a lifelong liberal feminist who voted for Trump. Nomani recognized “the funding, politics, and talking points of some 403 groups that are ‘partners' of the march,” and discovered George Soros has either funded, or maintains a close relationship with, 56 of those partners. Among the Soros grantees designated as partners were MoveOn, American Civil Liberties Union, Center for Constitutional Rights, Amnesty International, and Human Rights Watch — to name a just a few.
It's sad to see that Soros has control over so many groups with a designated cause; his cause. We knew Soros was going to be all over the inauguration the day that Trump was elected, we just didn't know how it would all go down exactly. The ambiance in downtown Washington for the march wasn't much different from that at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia last summer, just more of the same anti-police and anti-white radicalism.
Stay informed about more political activism news at NewsTarget.com.
Sources:
WashingtonPost.com
FrontPageMag.com
HAZELWOOD, Mo. -- Martin Brodeur said he had no intention of retiring, even if it meant sitting out the entire 2014-15 season.
The 42-year-old, who had spent his entire 21-season career with the New Jersey Devils and holds nearly all NHL goaltending records, will resume his career with the St. Louis Blues after agreeing Tuesday to a one-year contract worth a pro-rated base pay of $700,000.
The contract includes playing bonuses, among them $10,000 for every point the Blues earn with Brodeur in goal as well as undisclosed roster bonuses if he's on an NHL roster Feb. 1 and March 1 as well as playoff bonuses, according to Blues general manager Doug Armstrong. According to ESPN.com's Pierre LeBrun, those roster bonuses are $125,000 for each month.
"Let's say [Brodeur] was to win 50 games. It's a pretty good million dollars spent," Armstrong said about Brodeur's bonus for points earned per game. "... It was an easy decision for us when [Brodeur] told us can compete at this level."
Brodeur said he doesn't have a no-trade clause in his contract.
He joined the Blues on a tryout basis and skated for the first time Friday at a morning skate. He skated again Saturday at a morning skate and then on his own at the Blues' practice facility by himself Sunday. He skated with the team for full practices Monday and Tuesday and then deemed himself fit and ready to return to active duty.
Brodeur was brought in to split time with 24-year-old Jake Allen while Brian Elliott recovers from a knee injury sustained Nov. 25 against the Ottawa Senators.
FANTASY SPIN BLOG Pros, cons of adding Blues' Brodeur By Pete Jensen - NHL.com Fantasy Insider
NHL.com identifies the positives and negatives to adding St. Louis Blues goalie Martin Brodeur in fantasy hockey. READ MORE › NHL.com identifies the positives and negatives to adding St. Louis Blues goalie Martin Brodeur in fantasy hockey.
"They wanted to give me as much time as I wanted to make my decision," Brodeur said of the Blues. "I don't know when they made their decision having me around. We finalized everything after practice. But going into this practice [Tuesday], I knew I was going to get the contract."
Brodeur had left his options open after not being brought back by the Devils after last season. He was hoping to find a team that has Stanley Cup aspirations, and the Blues were at the top of his list.
"I've been waiting for a great opportunity and it came from the Blues," said Brodeur, who will make his debut Thursday against the Nashville Predators or Saturday against the New York Islanders. "... I feel good in the net. Until I play games it's going to be hard to tell before that. But I'm going to prepare myself for that until I get that first start.
"This is a big change for me. I spent the last four days enjoying my time here and really putting everything in perspective if I was ready to do this. I talked to friends and family. This is the right move for me to do and being with the St. Louis Blues right now."
Brodeur has an NHL-record 688 wins. His 124 career shutouts also are first in NHL history. He won the Stanley Cup three times, the Calder Trophy in 1993-94 and the Vezina Trophy four times.
Coach Ken Hitchcock and goalie coach Jim Corsi watched Brodeur closely the past few days at practice, and there never was a question of Brodeur's desire to compete and play in the NHL.
"He wanted to play. He wants to play," Hitchcock said Tuesday. "I was concerned like anybody that's missed a full training camp and missed exhibition season and the start of the season. How do you feel after you've had to practice at a high level? I can tell with a lot of older guys it's more about the recovery. So for me it was the read on the recovery after yesterday, how he felt this morning. He was a little bit sore this morning but felt good and then he got through the practice again today and felt good. That's more the read.
"Can he stop pucks? ... He can stop pucks in his sleep for me. Do you have the energy to keep going? Because the energy's going to be there in the second half of games and we needed to see that and he needed to feel it. Once he green-lighted it, we know he can help us."
Brodeur has an open mind as to how long he will be with the Blues, or if he's auditioning for another team whenever Elliott returns.
"I don't know; this is the part I can't answer and nobody can answer," Brodeur said. "This is what I can control and that's what I'm doing for myself. I'm playing the game and being the best teammate that I can be and try to help these guys. They have a special group. ... If they need any kind of leadership, hopefully I can provide that. The situation of the goalies is definitely going to be different when Brian comes back, but that's something that I know what I'm getting into.
"I'm not here to change anything. I'm just happy about the situation I'm in. The reason why I was picky about what I wanted to do or what kind of team I wanted to play for, the Blues were at the top of the list. There are other teams I might have considered, but if it had been a team that's not in the same position, there's no way I would have gone there."
Armstrong said he spoke with Elliott and Allen and explained why the move was necessary and said both were fine with it.
Happy for you Dad!! Goodluck in STL @MartinBrodeur — anthony brodeur (@abrodeur30) December 2, 2014
"We don't have a crystal ball; we're just going to take it day-by-day. And when Brian's ready to go, hopefully we have some hard decisions to make," Armstrong said. "... We've talked about the what-ifs, but we haven't spent a lot of time on what-ifs. Marty's been dealing with the what-ifs to get here today. He's going to go and he's going to play when asked to play. When Brian's ready he'll be back in here. Our goaltenders are Brian and Jake. We believe in them. We're looking for someone that can give us the support needed where every point matters in the NHL.
"I told [Elliott and Allen] prior to our discussions [with Brodeur]. I wanted to let those guys know that, 'We're bringing in Marty out of respect for what you guys mean to the team. Don't read too much into it, but every point matters and we have to put the best guys on the ice.'"
Hitchcock said: "Everybody knows what the game plan is. Marty is here to help us until Brian gets healthy. It's pretty simple. Brian gets healthy ... what this does are allow Brian to get healthy in the proper manner and not rush it. It's a win-win for everybody. Marty gets to get his career started, see how he feels, see how he does. Helps us hopefully have an opportunity to continue down a strong path of winning hockey games because we've got three tough opponents coming up."
Brodeur said he knows when the right time will come along to leave the game as an active player. It's just not now.
"I just want to have fun," Brodeur said. "I've got nothing to prove to myself. I just want to go out and enjoy the season and enjoy the winning way like I was able to do in New Jersey for a lot of years. Things changed there in the past few years so it was hard to leave the game. And not making the [Stanley Cup] Playoffs for two years in a row. For me, I just want to get back. It's so much fun playing hockey when you win. I want to gain that back. Hopefully with the Blues it's going to be a long year still ahead."
“I have no idea how many elves would remain loyal to Santa Claus, but given the open terrain, you would probably want to surround Santa's workshop with at least a company of Army Rangers before sending in a team from one of our special missions units to capture or kill Santa himself.”
—Andrew Exum, who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan, on what the Trump administration would have to do to actually win in this war for Christmas.
Donald J. Trump, who as a civilian had led a guerilla counter-revolution against the War on Christmas, seems to have disarmed unilaterally as president.
Nearly a year into his presidency, the culture warrior who once cried, “NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!” has allowed pro-“holiday” extremism to infect even his own inner circle of advisors and family.
“Happy Holidays!” Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter and White House adviser, tweeted earlier this month, adding a kissy-face emoji. She dared do this in a tweet that included a photo of her posing in front of Christmas trees.
“Happy Holidays from [Trump Winery],” tweeted Eric Trump, the president's son and a veteran of the 2016 presidential campaign during which Christmas restoration was a core issue. (On the trail, the president would often emphasize to roaring applause that if he became leader of the free world, “we're gonna start saying ‘Merry Christmas' again.”)
The Trump scion seemed to at least acknowledge the betrayal, given that he subsequently “liked” a reply-tweet that read, “Come on daddy said it's supposed to be Merry Christmas.”
“ President Trump is waging a war FOR Christmas. ” — Scottie Nell Hughes
Even the first lady and President Trump's trusted confidant and adviser Melania slipped up, giving equal air time to the birth of Jesus Christ and the politically correct concept of festive “holidays.”
“Wishing you a Merry Christmas & joyous holiday season!” she tweeted with a straight face.
Sure, there have been sops to pro-Christmas partisans. The president, first lady, and their son Barron all put their signatures to a White House Christmas card wishing a “Merry Christmas.” In October, President Trump spoke at the Values Voter Summit, the annual Christian-right conference in Washington, D.C., and attempted to declare victory in a long-fought cultural battle.
“We're getting near that beautiful Christmas season that people don't talk about any more, they don't use the word Christmas because it is not politically correct,” Trump alleged. “Well, guess what? We're saying ‘Merry Christmas,' again.”
The White House did not respond to a request for further comment on this, but belying all of these claims of victory is the president's gross negligence or inability (or unwillingness?) to rein in the pro-“holidays” excesses not only within his own administration, but within his own immediate family.
Still, there are Trump allies who continue to have faith in the president's commitment to the cause.
Scottie Nell Hughes, the pro-Trump TV personality who made a name for herself during the election as one of the most faithful Trump boosters on cable news, dismissed any notion that he had gone wobbly on this issue.
“The President has always been against getting involved in any war on Christmas rather President Trump is waging a war FOR Christmas,” she emailed The Daily Beast. “His ability to pick battles is a great sign for all the detractors who claim he isn't ‘presidential.' But I'm still a bit worried about the Easter Bunny!”
Cleveland-area pastor Darrell Scott, who served not only as a member of Trump's presidential transition team but also in the trenches of the War on Christmas, recounted the first time he and his wife met Trump, and how one of the very first things the future president said to them was about the tyranny of “happy holidays.”
“We talked about this back in 2011 when we met,” Scott said, recalling their meeting in Trump Tower in New York City. “He said he went to Macy's [recently] and that all they had up was ‘Happy Holidays,' and he didn't see a sign that said, ‘Merry Christmas.' He said, ‘Where's the ‘Merry Christmas,' what's going on here?'”
Trump was emphatic enough about the matter that Scott says his wife has commented multiple times over the years about the exchange, noting that, “wow, that really must have bothered him.”
Scott jokingly added that “maybe that was the catalyst to cause him to run, so he can correct Christmas in America… and make Christmas great again.”
In assessing how his friend Trump, now President Trump, has done in this particular war, the pastor replied, “A-plus.” The president's business empire, however, seems headed for something closer to a failing grade worthy of a Macy's.
“Get in the holiday spirit!” read a message posted this month by the official Twitter account of Trump International Hotel in D.C., just a stone's throw away from the White House. “Here are some of the best, can't-miss ways to experience the holidays in [Washington].”
The tweet included the hashtags, “#holidayspirit,” “#celebrate,” “#visitdc,” and even “#lights.”
There was no mention of Christmas to be had.
Vulture has learned that Sam Raimi has been offered the director's chair for Disney's Oz, the Great and Powerful, a prequel to the 1939 MGM classic The Wizard of Oz. Sam Mendes and Adam Shankman had both been speculated as contenders for the job, but insiders tell us that Raimi received the official offer earlier this morning. The project is written by Mitchell Kapner (The Whole Nine Yards, Romeo Must Die), and Joe Roth — who, of course, used to run Disney's studio back in the 1990s — is producing; Disney wants to start filming sometime this year.
It's unclear if Raimi will accept: Last July, he was hired by Warner Bros.-based Legendary Pictures to develop a film based on the wildly popular World of Warcraft video game, with the plan being that he'd shoot it after he finished a fourth Spider-Man film at Sony. Of course, in January it became clear that Raimi would not be directing Spider-Man 4, leaving his next picture an open question.
Warner Bros., meanwhile, has been developing two Oz-set films itself: It has a project called Wizard of Oz set up with former Warner studio-exec-turned-producer Basil Iwanyk (Clash of the Titans), with a script by Josh Olson (A History of Violence). And at the Warners-owned genre label, New Line Cinema, Twilight producers Marty Bowen and Wyck Godfrey have a project entitled simply Oz, with a script by Darren Lemke (Shrek 4).
“CT” Tamburello — Wide Receiver/Tight End
As much as we would all love to watch CT smash heads on the football field, he is better suited as a receiver. At over 6 feet tall with a ton of speed, CT is a dangerous downfield threat. He is also known for having a great leaping ability, as seen on the Inferno and the Duel 1. CT could out-man and grab balls over one or two defenders in coverage with his physicality and athleticism. His strength would also come in handy as a blocker at tight end. He could be a mini version of Rob Gronkowski, and he'd be perfect with the Patriots as he already has the Boston mumble.
Johnny Bananas — Slot Receiver/Kick Returner
In recent seasons of the Challenge, Johnny has become way faster on the ground and shown some really fancy footwork. I could see him being used as a slot receiver or catch passing tailback, like Danny Woodhead. Bananas aren't suited to be a running back, nowhere near fast enough, but could catch passes for five yards pretty well as he is a bit shifty.
Darrell Taylor — Middle Linebacker
With him being a boxer, I expect Darrell to have quick reaction timing. Put him in the middle of your defense and he will follow the ball until someone is taken down. To top it off, he's a speedy powerhouse, and it would be very fun to watch him smash some running backs.
Landon Lueck — Cornerback
So Landon is a beast, but putting him on the offensive end would be a waste of his talent. Making him the lockdown corner, he could be a white Richard Sherman, dominating receivers as he is picking off quarterbacks for touchdowns. He doesn't have the wide receiver quality of getting open, but seems like a dog that cover so much ground instead. I'd rather he takes over parts of the field than catch a few passes.
Wes Bergmann — Kicker/Punter
Picking a position was pretty tough for Wes. I imagined him in physical prime pre-roids(Fresh Meat 1 and Duel 1), where he was ripped and cut instead of big and bulky. His footwork is some of the best in Challenge history, so he might be a decent running back, but he can't take a lot of hits. Maybe he could be a good safety with solid field vision. In the end, I'll let his varsity soccer skills translate to the football field as the team kicker/punter.
Derrick Kosinski — Kick Returner
His size will put him at a severe disadvantage. He cannot be a running back as he does not have the body to take a ton of hits, but his height will also stop him from being a good slot receiver. However, Derrick is the Diesel for a reason, he is a pitbull with great speed. Derrick will be the kick returner specialist trying to burn the opponents for long touchdowns.
Evan Starkman — Quarterback, Linebacker
The quarterback of our team is obvious, it's Evan. You need a leader of men, a person with a ton of poise and multiple abilities when you pick your QB. As a Cornell graduate, Evan is intelligent and knows how to play any game with multiple angles. He is graceful and skilled due to his years on the ice in hockey. But his body is that of a moose. Evan is over 6 feet tall with 220–235 lbs of bulk, with the speed of a man much smaller than him. He can be in the pocket, but also scramble out and run downhill. Evan can take some hits, but he can also put his head down and run over some defenders in the way.
Kenny Santucci — Special Teams/Cheerleader
Mr. Beautiful is very uncoordinated, but he is an able body that we will use as a blocker on special teams. His beauty can also be used on the sidelines as a male cheerleader for the female fans.
Abram Boise — Running Back
As a slightly bigger version of Derrick, I feel more comfortable with Abram as my running back as he is a crazy motherfucker who is willing to go up the middle.
Mark Long — Wide Receiver
He is very tall, and would be dangerous in the end zone. Mark will also be a back-up QB as confidences leaves his body with each breath that he takes.
Brad Fiorenza — Running Back/Wide Receiver
It might take two concussions in one game to knock out Abram, but if that happens we will need Brad to step up. Not the fastest guy, but a solid athlete who could fill a ton of slots.
LeRoy Garrett — Defensive End
As an edge rusher, LeRoy could be a monster. It amazes me that LeRoy never played collegiate sports, his pure athleticism on the ground has always been staggering. It's crazy that LeRoy has never won a Challenge, when he has had so many jaw-dropping moments in show history.
Jordan Wiseley — Wide Receiver
Speedy and skilled receiver with only one hand? I say, yes!
Theo Von — Color Commentator
While he was a decent athlete in the archaic days of the Challenge, Theo's comedic skills will be best used in the reporter booth. Maybe we put Kenny up there with him.
Preston Roberson-Charles — Just kidding.
Former NFL great Herschel Walker told TMZ he was losing speaking gigs because of his support for Donald Trump.
Walker says he won't stop supporting Donald Trump despite the backlash from #NeverTrumpers.
Breitbart.com repored:
NFL Great Herschel Walker was one of the early Trump supporters out of the gate but now he says he is losing speaking gigs by anti-Trumpers who are blackballing him.
Walker, a running back for such teams as the Minnesota Vikings and the Dallas Cowboys, recently told gossip site TMZ he has had multiple speaking engagements canceled because hosts say they are worried he'll attract anti-Trump protestors.
The retired football player was one of the celebrity contestants on season eight of Trump's reality TV show The Apprentice which aired in 2009 and has been a big fan of the real estate mogul ever since.
Walker wouldn't tell the gossip site what events nixed his speaking slots, but he said that event sponsors in California specifically noted he was axed because of his support for Trump.
Walker also said he won't stop supporting Trump because the presumptive GOP nominee is the best man for the White House.
Players can buy whole streets and construct everything from castles and skyscrapers to prisons and rubbish dumps
I last played Monopoly with my sister, her boyfriend and some friends over a year ago. We started happily enough, but it soon became clear my sibling's partner was an even more unscrupulous businessman than Cyril Sneer. His combination of a voracious appetite for property, an inclination towards punitive taxes and, crucially, control of the bank meant the game lasted about 30 minutes before I was forced out, homeless, with no business interests and entirely empty pocketed.
But when I played the new online version this morning I was free from such a driven competitor. Monopoly City Streets, a link up between game owners Hasbro and Google Maps, launches on Wednesday for a four-month period. It enables one, in theory, to buy any street in the world.
New players are given no less than 3m Monopoly dollars – a far cry from the £200 clutch of brightly coloured notes of yore – to build their empire. If you get in first, you can buy the street straight away. If you're beaten to it, you can make the owner an offer. If they don't reply in seven days, this offer is automatically accepted, no matter how contemptible it may be. (Cue the obligatory "So make sure you log in everyday!" order in the instructions that accompany the game).
Finding the main urban areas of Manchester, Birmingham and London already snapped up, I decided to be influenced by nostalgia rather than greed, and switched focus to my home town of Preston.
In lieu of the currently ailing development plans in the self-professed administrative hub of Lancashire, I immediately took the initiative in a way that real developers are failing to do and snapped up Fishergate, the main street in England's newest city. Paying $1,140,000 for this prime real estate represented solid value, and to celebrate I immediately built an obnoxiously tall skyscraper.
With that property earning $288,000 dollars a day in rental income – a variant of the online game is that a landowner is automatically paid rent, rather than waiting for some poor unfortunate to visit your street before cashing in – I turned my attention to the leafy suburb of Penwortham, or as the game has decided to call it, "Penworthamdale".
Having spent my childhood tearing up and down Liverpool Road in Penwortham(dale) on my Raleigh Wolf, it was with a feeling of immense pride that I returned to buy the street outright, and immediately commissioned the building of a castle. Liverpool Road in real life boasts 11 hairdressers and five estate agents in a 100-metre stretch, but is distinctly lacking in a fortified defensive structure. Not now.
As nice as it is to construct wildly improbable premises around areas you're familiar with, and see the structures displayed on the Google Maps format, putting up buildings and watching the rent roll in could become quite dull. Thus, the online game encourages conflict between land barons by sporadically offering "Chance Cards" where players are given the option to bulldoze properties lovingly built by other land barons, or construct sewage works or prisons on rivals' streets, lowering their rental income. Perhaps there's a place for my sister's boyfriend after all.
I was in a rather benevolent mood when I was invited to flatten a fellow player's property – how many people own a castle, after all? – but for the purposes of research destroyed a magnificent 15m-Monopoly-dollar property recently constructed in Blackpool by an erstwhile opponent.
This is all very well, and the satisfying graphic of a demolition ball swiftly assuaged any guilt, whilst cementing my position as the top property-dog in Lancashire.
But the problem is the game shows players exactly who has been trying to ruin their empire.
I now have an enemy. A rich enemy. What does that mean for the future of the castle? Are Preston and Penwortham(dale) to be beset by an evil tycoon, hell-bent on dismantling the friendly fiefdom I've worked so hard (three or four clicks of the mouse) to develop?
Scary. Very scary.
Image caption The web economy in the UK is predicted to grow at a faster rate than in the US and China
The internet contributes to 8.3% of the UK economy, a bigger share than for any of the other G20 major countries, a new study suggests.
The "internet economy" was worth £121bn in 2010, more than £2,000 per person, researchers at the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) said.
That made it bigger than the healthcare, construction or education sectors.
The UK also carries out far more retail online than any other major economy.
Some 13.5% of all purchases were done over the internet in 2010, according to BCG, and this is projected to rise to 23% by 2016.
Chocolate v sex
The researchers said that the overall UK web economy is particularly fast-growing.
They predict it will continue to expand at a rate of 11% per year for the next four years, reaching a total value of £221bn by 2016.
That compares with projected growth rates of 5.4% in the US and 6.9% in China.
This may be particularly good news for small and medium-sized businesses that focus on the sector.
The research suggested that their revenues have grown by 12.5% each year in the last three years.
The study also provided an indication of the UK public's growing love affair with the web.
While only a quarter of those surveyed said they would consider giving up sex for a year in order to maintain their broadband connection, the figures for other indulgences were much higher.
Some 65% would give up alcohol, 76% chocolate and 78% coffee.
The story of a wealthy family who lost everything has found a new home on Netflix. On May 26, Season Four of Arrested Development will be available for streaming in its entirety. Until then, don't “blue” yourself. We've got your Arrested Development fix covered. Den of Geek is running a series profiling TV's most dysfunctional family and next up is Orange County's worst magician: Gob Bluth.
Career Arc: Will Arnett
Before he was the impulsive, manipulative and often forgotten brother on Arrested Development, Canadian born and raised actor Will Arnett shuffled through a series of failed pilots and brief appearances in TV dramas before landing the part that would ultimately turn his career around. Arnett's early career struggles were vindicated in 2006 when he was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his role as Gob in Season Three of Arrested Development. The critical success of Arrested Development did as much for Arnett's career as it did for his co-stars Jason Bateman and Michael Cera. Arnett was cast in a number of high profile feature film gigs after Arrested Development went dark.
Although he achieved some sustained Hollywood success, Arnett's post-Arrested Development career can be seen as a cautionary tale: he is often typecast as the snarky narcissist. In keeping with his Arrested Development roots, Arnett collaborated with David Cross (AD's Tobias Fünke) on the short-lived Comedy Central animated sitcom Freak Show, as well as another lightly watched cult comedy, The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margret. IFC's Todd Margaret played to the same strengths that made their Arrested Development characters so unforgettable, with Cross starring as the moronic Todd Margret and Arnett playing his scheming boss, the foul-mouthed Brent Wilts.
NBC gave Arnett a chance to break away from the character type that made him famous with a recurring role as a network executive in 30 Rock. Arnett was finally given the chance to be a leading man when NBC put him in the family comedy Up All Night alongside Christina Applegate. In a role that couldn't be any further from Gob, Arnett played a stay-at-home father for two seasons before the series was cancelled in May 2013. The return of Arrested Development comes as Arnett is slated to be the lead in a new comedy that was picked up by CBS for this coming fall.
Where We Last Saw Gob:
Gob was constantly trying to find ways to impress George Sr. and Michael but would end up causing more harm than good. When he went on a mission to Iraq to give a magic demonstration, it turned into an anti-US hate rally and landed Orange County's worst magician in an Iraqi prison. Gob didn't need to attempt his most daring illusion yet: an escape from Iraq. Michael and Buster rescued him and in the process they found the evidence to exonerate George Sr. from his treason charges. For once, Gob's good intentions didn't turn to shit. Back in the states, Gob is caught dating Ann and finally gets what he deserves when George Michael knocks him out cold.
Memory Lane:
We have three seasons of highlight reel of magic follies like the Aztec Tomb, the burning bush and the “disappearing” family yacht to choose from. And how can we forget the failed relationships with Marta, Starla and Lucille 2? Maybe the easiest way to find a Gob memory is to combine the flair he has on stage with his aggressively smooth approach to courting the women in his (and Michael's) (and Buster's) (and even George Michael's) life.
There is that one night when Gob met a woman and married her in a series of escalating dares. Amy Poehler, who at the time was married to Will Arnett in real life, played the woman and it was revealed in Season Two that she was a seal dealer who raised and sold seals to aquariums and amusement parks. Forever seeking an opportunity to up his magic game, Gob used one of her seals in his act. Naturally, seals aren't the best creatures to use in a magic show and he released it back into its natural habitat.
If Gob was blindsided when he was handed the divorce papers for a marriage that he didn't remember, then he was really blindsided when the seal he set free bit off his brother's hand.
What to Expect in Season 4:
Remember the man with the golden voice? Gob was the original.
Season Four will chronicle each character in the years since the show was booted from the Fox lineup. Maybe Gob found his true calling and became a voiceover actor or radio host. Maybe he sacked up and became the father that Steve Holt so desperately needed. More likely, Gob continued to coast off the accomplishments of Michael, nixed a few illusions and tried to hump his female softball teammates along the way. Gob is one of the few family members that gets two episodes during the abbreviated 12-episode Netflix season and rightfully so. As Arnett has shown in the post-AD years, he has the acting chops to be a scene-stealer.
Now Arnett will get forty minutes to tell the story of Gob and we'll see if the character is just as satisfying as the center of attention. At least we know one thing, the infamous chicken dance will return in all its glory.
2017 Free Agency Preview: San Francisco 49ers
By William Moy • Feb 27, 2017
[Editor's note: This preview was originally published on Feb. 27, 2017, and updated on March 6 to reflect changes in the market do to franchise tags, re-signings, cuts, etc.]
What you need to know
The 49ers were unquestionably one of the worst teams in the NFL last season. With holes at virtually every position, the 49ers should be open to upgrading wherever possible, and they'll have plenty of money to explore options through free agency.
Salary cap room
$93,480,264 (second in NFL; as of 3/6/17)
Biggest needs
Wide receiver
Defensive interior
Edge
Guard
Notable free agents
Blaine Gabbert, QB, 39.0 overall grade in 2016
Gerald Hodges, ILB, 82.4
Glenn Dorsey, DI, 38.0
Must re-sign
Gerald Hodges, ILB, 82.4 overall grade in 2016
Hodges is just 26 years old and finished 2016 with the 21st-highest overall grade among qualified linebackers. Hodges' 15 run stops last season were the 15th most out of 58 linebackers, and he and NaVorro Bowman teamed up to create one of the few formidable units that the 49ers possessed in 2016.
Dream splash
Calais Campbell, DI, Arizona Cardinals, 90.4 overall grade in 2016
A dream offseason would see the 49ers upgrading significantly at multiple positions, as their roster is just barren of game-changing talent, so it'd make sense that Campbell, the No. 1 player on our free agent big board, would be a major grab. Campbell may be over 30 years old, but he's currently playing the best football of his career, and teaming him up with DeForest Buckner and Arik Armstead would give San Francisco a trifecta of versatile defensive linemen that could anchor the entire unit.
Top 2017 free agency prospects
Alshon Jeffery, WR, Chicago Bears, 77.6
Even coming off a down, injury-riddled season, at 27 years old Jeffery has already proven that he can be a dominant NFL receiver. Jeffery finished fourth among all wide receivers in 2015 in yards per route run at 2.87, and similar to Anquan Boldin in his heyday, Jeffery has demonstrated the ability to routinely beat defenders at the catch-point, which would bode well for a QB like Colin Kaepernick who has never been particularly accurate.
Brandon Williams, DI, Baltimore Ravens, 75.9
Any fantasy football player from last season can tell you that starting a running back against the 49ers was a consistent recipe for success, the 49ers were routinely gashed on the ground by opposing offenses. Williams, despite coming off a bit of a down year, has been one of the premier run-stuffing defensive tackles since he stepped onto an NFL field. Williams' 99 stops over the past three seasons rank as the ninth-most among all interior defenders.
Kevin Zeitler, G, Cincinnati Bengals, 87.1
Out of 73 qualified offensive guards last season, Joshua Garnett and Zane Beadles ranked 70th and 72nd, respectively, in terms of overall grade, with both struggling mightily in both pass-protection and as run blockers. Zeitler finished ninth among guards this season with a run-blocking grade of 83.1 and allowed just 19 total pressures, compared to the 38 surrendered by Garnett and the 36 allowed by Beadles.
The Toronto Maple Leafs have superfans. And then there's Bobby Desmond.
The 63-year-old Halifax man has cerebral palsy. He's proudly cheered on his team ever since he became a fan 48 years ago, when the team last won the Stanley Cup.
Now, his longtime wish to see a game is about to become a reality thanks to a mysterious donor to Northwood, the continuing care facility he's called home since 2005.
"I shared with him the dream that Bobby wanted someday. It was on his bucket list before he passed away. And he just said, 'Make it happen,'" said Faye LeBlanc, the managing director of Northwood Foundation.
The donor is paying for the airfare and hotel for Desmond, two nurses and an occupational therapist to see the Leafs take on the Ottawa Senators on Easter Sunday. Rogers Communications Inc. is covering tickets for the game.
Northwood staff are working on last minute details such as securing travel documents for Desmond.
"So excited, so excited," he said with a broad smile.
Janet Egli, the nursing manager on Desmond's floor, is joining him on his dream trip.
"Bobby's basically a legend here at Northwood and everybody knows just his great love for the Toronto Maple Leafs team. The fact that I get to be a part of that and to be able to experience it with him is just beyond words," she said.
This is just a part of Desmond's collection of Leafs memorabilia. (CBC)
Desmond's room is covered in Leafs swag. A glass case with Leafs memorabilia, including a goalie mask and a jersey, takes centre stage across from his bed.
Banners, flags and towels all bearing the Leafs logo cover his bedroom and bathroom walls. Even his tissue box and waste paper basket have the Leafs symbol.
That fierce devotion to a team has won him fans among the 850 residents at Northwood.
They're cheering on Desmond as he gets ready for his big adventure in Toronto, which includes a side trip to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
"I think it's wonderful. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy," said Irene Gray, who also cheers for Toronto.
Even Habs fan Bob Enos is happy for him. "It's cool. It's nice to see someone you know get something he really wants. Doesn't happen often enough."
Desmond, who considers himself the team's number one fan, is thrilled his team beat the Senators in overtime 4-3 last Saturday. He's hoping the team bests the Sens again this Sunday when he's there under the same roof to root for his Leafs.
"I want you guys to go, go, go," he said pumping his fists.
“Dead Rising 2: CASE ZERO is an exclusive Xbox LIVE Arcade game that will act as a prequel to events of Dead Rising 2. The game's story is set two years after the Willamette incident chronicled in the original Dead Rising and three years before the action of Dead Rising 2.”
Game follows the protagonist Chuck Green as a desperate father trying to find more “Zombrex,” a drug to prevent zombification, for his infected little girl. Chuck's going to have to fight zombies and avoid the military to save his daughter.
Wow, I may actually have a hard time playing this as I have a five year old and I can't help but project myself into the stories of the games I play. So If you see me, and it looks like I've been crying (In a manly way of course)… Do me a favor and remind me it's just a game and that my daughter is fine.
I'd appreciate it.
Timesofindia in a report said that, Kulshrestha Varma and Hardik Sud, both 19-years-old were found guilty of hacking into Data Infosys e-processing system, and recharging BSNL's prepaid mobile connection. The students used a Cybercafe to hack into the system and recharged more than 500 Mobiles worth RS 8 Lakhs(about 13,115 $).
Cyber crime department told that on 3rd December, Yogesh Gupta, a representative of Data Infosys lodged an FIR, after they found that their website was hacked and was frequently used for recharging prepaid mobile phones.
“We registered an FIR and began investigating the case. It came up that the hacking had taken place from a cybercafe. A team went to Shimla to investigate the matter and seized records from the cycer cafe. The involvement of several people including these two students came up. We have arrested the duo and brought them to Jaipur on a transit remand,” said an Officer.
Both the accused have been found guilty and have been arrested and brought to Jaipur on a transit remand for further investigation. while the investigation is still going on, reports suggest that several others may be involved in the crime.
A new bill in Metro Council is aimed at allowing people living near work sites to know when the works start, ends and where to complain about a problem.
It would require work sites to post hours of operation as well as the phone numbers to the construction company and the Metro Codes Department.
The bill's sponsor, council member Kathleen Murphy, said the hope is to put power in the hands of people near city construction sites.
"Ultimately it's the neighbors who suffer when the construction is loud, if it's on a Sunday or it's after hours," Murphy said. "I mean it's just something that we are trying to do to get the neighbors to take back their quality of life and have a higher quality of life because they're entitled to peace and quiet too."
Tony Stillwell next to a construction project, managed by BACAR Constructors, on 4th Avenue North. He said construction starts as early as 6:30 a.m. every day and often times the noise makes it hard for him to work from home.
"I know sometimes they sneak in a little bit early, get started a little bit early. Sometimes they stay late," said Stillwell. "But if there's a constrained amount of time that they can do that work and a certain amount of noise, that would be great."
A spokesman for BACAR said construction in Nashville can be difficult because traffic during the day and noise restrictions at night limit their progress.
"Ultimately it's the neighbors who suffer when the construction is loud, if it's on a Sunday or it's after hours," Murphy said. "I mean it's just something that we are trying to do to get the neighbors to take back their quality of life and have a higher quality of life because they're entitled to peace and quiet too."
BACAR already posts numbers for management on their work sites. However, they suggest anyone with an issue just talk to the superintendent on the work site.
Consensus is that Philly won their recent mega deal with Boston as there is a steep decline from #1 to #3 in this draft. I largely agreed with this consensus, and I explained why I believe Josh Jackson does not have the upside to merit passing on Lonzo Ball and Markelle Fultz.
Boston is also rumored to be interested in Jayson Tatum. To provide a deeper analysis of the deal, I will break down the elite prospects in question.
Fultz scouting report
Fultz is essentially a James Harden doppelgänger. They share similar dimensions, frames, and athletic profiles. Neither is particularly explosive, but both are able to navigate through the defense with smooth footwork and great body control. They also similarly stuff the statsheet as offensive centerpieces with SG size, and they both play lackadaisical defense in spite of strong rebound, steal, and block rates.
Harden is clearly a strong return on a #1 overall pick, and if Fultz becomes similarly good this trade will sting for the Celtics. But they are not actually the same person, so let us examine the flaws that may keep Fultz from attaining his upside.
Is Fultz a Loser?
James Harden joined an Arizona State program coming off a down year. As a freshman 3 months younger than Fultz, he revitalized their offense and led the team to its 4th best team in 16 seasons of kenpom records. Then as a sophomore he led them to easily their best offense and overall season over that span before hightailing it to the NBA. Like most NBA stars, he made a clear positive impact for his NCAA team.
Conversely, Markelle Fultz's Washington team was the worst in 15 years coached by Lorenzo Romar, and the worst offense since his first season in 2002-03. Romar is a dreadful coach who has recruited more NBA talent than Arizona State, but Fultz is his first top 5 pick.
Fultz's team was extremely bad, and it is amazing how many intelligent people are writing this off as lazy as the “rings” appeal. We are talking about the #1 pick in the NBA draft– you are trying to draft a superstar who makes a massive impact on his team's win and loss column, and this impact is usually easy to discern at the team level.
He had a dreadful cast and coach to be sure, and it is not a death knell for an 18 year old with Fultz's talent. But the bottom line did not add up like it should have, and there should be concerned that the bottom line will not add for his NBA team in the future. There are a few possible weaknesses we can derive from this:
Passing
Fultz's main selling point is his ability to carry an NBA offense, so it is disconcerting that his college offense struggled so badly. This is especially true since he is in the mold of a player who should elevate a poor team to adequacy. The fact that Washington couldn't even muster a top 100 offense suggests that maybe his passing impact is not nearly as good as his assist rate implies. Fultz may lack the basketball IQ to make good decisions with the ball, even if he sees the floor well.
Perhaps as he matures and receives higher quality coaching, he develops into a good floor general. But it is also possible that he does not make nearly the same passing impact as Harden in spite of a higher NCAA assist rate.
Defense
Washington's biggest issue was their catastrophic defense. And in the 6 games that Fultz missed, the defense actually performed slightly better (although the offense fell of a cliff with no other ball handlers to run the offense). Even though Harden is weak defensively, there is some chance that Fultz is worse.
Shooting
Another area of concern is Fultz's 65% FT compared to 75% for Harden. Fultz shot well from 3 and was exceptional shooting off the dribble at an extremely high volume. But his poor FT% casts some doubt into the sustainability of that performance and the overall goodness of his shooting. And shooting is extremely important for Fultz, as he is not adept at getting to the rim as his peer De'Aaron Fox, and he relies heavily on pull-up jumpers.
Fultz's Downside?
Fultz is an immense talent, and there are easily enough points in his favor to amount to an NBA MVP candidate. But there are enough flags in his passing, shooting, defense, and basketball IQ to create a downside tail as well, as he is far from a safe bet.
I could see him disappointing as a Kyrie Irving type. Irving is seen as a star by many casual fans, but advanced stats see him as a slightly above average starting point guard as his awful defense and poor passing vision detract from his excellent scoring ability.
Fultz has clear upside to trump Kyrie's passing with better vision and his defense with much better length, but it is also plausible that he is similarly as poor on these ends. If Fultz struggles nearly as much as Kyrie in these areas, he will be a disappointing return on #1 overall as he is a clearly inferior shooter and likely does not come equipped with Kyrie's clutch factor.
It is difficult to see Fultz busting entirely, but if Danny Ainge sees him as closer to Kyrie than Harden, it is understandable that he prefers to gamble on somebody else. His talent is undeniable and he is still the 2nd best prospect on my board, but there are good reasons for an NBA front office to be reluctant to stake their future on him.
Jayson Tatum
Tatum has an excellent body for a SF at 6'8″ with a 6'11” wingspan and an excellent frame, which is essentially the prototype for a PF in the modern NBA. He can score from all levels of the court, as he can get to the rim, score from the post, and has excellent shooting potential with 85% FT. He also stuffs the statsheet with rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks, and has good defensive upside with the quickness to guard SF's and size to defend PF's.
His flaws are that he is inconsistent defensively and he is surprisingly inefficient on offense for a player with his scoring talent. He had the lowest ORtg (albeit on the highest usage) of Duke's 6-man rotation, and he has a slightly lower ORtg once adjusted for usage than his defensive specialist peers Jonathan Isaac and Josh Jackson.
Efficiency is Everything
It is surprising that a player who made 85% FT at an above average rate of attempts with as much scoring talent as Tatum had such pedestrian efficiency. There were a number of factors working against his favor:
–He is not a good offensive rebounder and does not move well off the ball– Jackson and Isaac did far more damage than him on putbacks and cuts
–Inconsistent finishing as he had average explosiveness and was rejected surprisingly often
–Turnover prone with a loose handle. In tandem with finishing issues may also have lackluster feel for finding space in traffic
–His 3 point shot is not currently a weapon
–Duke lacked a true point guard
There are reasons for optimism. It starts with his 85% FT, which is backed up by 87% FT in AAU play. Yet in AAU he hardly even attempted 3's– who knows what level of coaching he was getting there. It is plausible that developing 3 point range only became a focus once he arrived at Duke, and any NBA team will stress this skill. And while a great NBA 3 point shot is not guaranteed, the upside is clearly there.
Everything else could go either way. He could improve his off ball movement, reduce turnovers, improve shot selection, tighten his handle, etc. Or he could struggle to shed his inefficient habits, operate as a team player, and make the necessary skill improvements to become a good player.
For players who thrive on volume scoring, their overall value heavily hinges on their efficiency. Tatum has a wide range of outcomes, and it is difficult to have a decisive opinion on him in either direction.
Tatum Summary
Tatum just turned 19 in March, and the framework for a future star is there. He has legitimate two way potential, as he offers creation, shooting, and passing upside offensively as well as potential for defensive versatility.
Whether he achieves his potential is a different question. His NBA future could entail empty calories scoring and matador defense, or he could be a two way stud like Paul Pierce or a version of Carmelo Anthony that plays defense.
Conclusions
The one clear conclusion about this deal is that the Celtics are betting against Fultz. I cannot state with any confidence that they are wrong for doing this. Fultz is a compelling talent, but he is no LeBron or Duncan and has enough holes in his profile to become an ordinary pro.
The other leg of the trade remains incomplete. If the plan is to trade #3 straight up for Jimmy Butler, that is a solid move. If the plan is to draft Jayson Tatum, I am not convinced this is smart, but see potential for the gamble to pay off. If the plan is to draft Josh Jackson, it feels a bit more like Danny Ainge was suckered by intangibles but nevertheless could work out. And if the Celtics somehow end up with Lonzo, the trade was masterful.
As much as I like to perceive myself as an expert, I am not particularly confident about many players in this draft. The only thing that can be said for sure is that Lonzo Ball should go #1 and everybody who passes on him is making a mistake. This is my only major qualm with swapping #1– betting against Lonzo is not as likely to succeed as a bet against Fultz.
Advertisements
While Christmas episodes are common for many TV shows, there aren't too many that have them as seasonal mainstays. Perhaps it's especially appropriate considering the original UK series ended with a Christmas Special. Christmas at Dunder Mifflin represented a time for humor, plenty of feels, and an excuse to congregate under the mistletoe, while usually drunk off of vodka or beet wine.
This list ranks the seven Christmas episodes. Note seasons one and four did not have Christmas themed episodes, as one was only six episodes and four was during the Writer's Strike. As with all of these sorts of lists, the rankings are somewhat subjective. I encourage you to debate my findings in the comment section if you disagree.
“Christmas Wishes” (Season 8)
Surprise, surprise! “Christmas Wishes” was actually a high point in an otherwise terrible season, but it pales in comparison to most of the other Christmas episodes. The Jim/Dwight plotline deserves credit for putting a new spin on a tired gag, but ultimately the Erin/Andy mess drags the episode down.
It's easy to forget how much of the show's later seasons were tied up in the Andy/Erin romance, which was never as interesting as the show wanted it to be (it's also featured prominently in “Secret Santa” and “Dwight Christmas,” despite the latter's lack of Andy). This is an entertaining episode, but it's easy to see why it's at the bottom of the list.
“Moroccan Christmas” (Season 5)
“Moroccan Christmas” is another Christmas episode that doesn't get much of its laughs from its A plot. Michael's attempted intervention for Meredith wasn't as funny as it could've been and probably should have been relegated to a different episode. Phyllis seems somewhat uncharacteristically mean in this episode, though as “Secret Santa” also shows that this tended to happen in isolated cases.
Dwight's unicorn toy plotline provides the laughs from a storyline perspective. This episode is fueled by superb Kevin and Creed lines and also from Michael's attempt to invent new mixed drinks such as the orange vod-jus-ka. Depending on how you feel about Andy, his embarrassing moments are also quite entertaining.
“Classy Christmas” (Season 7)
Being hour-long episodes, “Classy Christmas” and “A Benihana Christmas” are somewhat difficult to place as it's harder to compare them to the regular length episodes. “Classy Christmas” is light on laughs as it focuses primarily on the return of Holly. As her return signaled the beginning of the end for Michael, this is certainly understandable.
It's effective in its mission to tug at the heartstrings. The Jim/Dwight dynamic is hilarious while the Daryl subplot falls flat. Ultimately there's enough here to like, but not as much to love. Besides Jim freaking out in the parking lot as he anticipates a mass snowballing from Dwight of course.
“Secret Santa” (Season 6)
This might be the best episode of the Michael and Jim as co-manager era, depending on how you feel about the morality of “Scott's Tots.” Michael's reaction to Phyllis as Jesus is Michael at his best. Angela supporting the presence of Jesus at the party was also a great subtle gag.
The episode also does a great job of showcasing some of Dwight's subtleties. He's not sparring with Jim or acting especially crazy, but he's entertaining nonetheless. Phyllis threatening to bring Bob Vance into the equation was also hysterical. The big news of the sale of Dunder Mifflin was a nice touch and didn't take away from the jokes at all.
“A Benihana Christmas” (Season 3)
The other Christmas episode to feature Michael feeling sad about a woman is also the other double length episode. This episode is also the first to really showcase Andy's true character to someone other than Jim and Karen (which isn't always a good thing). Jim and Pam pull off one of the most memorable Dwight pranks, which was surprising since Jim was dating Karen at the time.
The Jim/Pam tension along with Michael's somber tone had a lot of potential to derail the laughs. But they're pretty consistent through the extended episode. The highlight is without a doubt when Michael marks his date with a sharpie to tell her apart from her friend.
This is the pick I'm going to get the most slack for without a doubt. While the show took a dive after Michael left, season 9 had quite a few standout episodes. But with the exception of the finale, none were as memorable as “Dwight Christmas.”
This episode serves as both a tribute to past Christmas episodes and a reminder as to why these were so cherished in the first place. Dwight's “traditional” family Christmas was hilarious and the Jim/Pam moments were their highpoint in an otherwise shaky season for the couple. Daryl also shines as he drunkenly broods over Jim's apparent neglect with regards to the Philadelphia sports job.
“Christmas Party” (Season 2)
This one doesn't need much explaining. Yankee swap is classic Michael as is his overspending on a gift coupled with his disdain for Phyllis' homemade oven mitt. Creed's old man coat rivals Kevin's foot bath (a gift for himself) for best gift of the episode.
“Christmas Party” also features some of the best Jim/Pam moments and played a big part in their eventual courtship. This episode is more than just the best Christmas episode, it's one of the best of the whole series. The only thing that could have made it better is if Dwight kept the teapot to use nasally in future episode.
So there are the rankings. Disagree with my order? Comment below. Since it's the Holiday season, I figure I can get away with pointing out that my book, Five College Dialogues, makes a great gift. Cheers!
So this is the Blaine Gabbert the Jaguars thought they were getting in 2011.
Gabbert was near perfect Thursday night while making his preseason debut for the Cardinals against the Cowboys in the Hall of Fame Game at Tom Benson Stadium in Canton, Ohio.
He led the Cardinals on two touchdown drives in the first quarter, going 6 for 6 for 107 yards. He also snuck in a two-point conversion as the Cardinals jumped out to a 15-0 lead.
Gabbert completed his first eight passes before finishing his superb night 11 of 14 for 185 yards against a Cowboys defense that was without its starters. His high completion rate is especially noteworthy because he has completed just 56 percent of his passes over his career.
But Gabbert was not just completing simple dumpoffs against the Cowboys, who trailed 15-10 at halftime but rallied in the second half for a 20-18 victory. Gabbert threw a dart over the middle to a streaking Brittan Golden for a 35-yard gain on the game's opening drive.
When the Jaguars selected Gabbert with the 10th pick of the 2011 NFL Draft, they thought the former Missouri standout would be their franchise quarterback for years to come. But he struggled during three disappointing seasons that saw the Jaguars go through three head coaches. He was traded to San Francisco in 2014 and became the starter late in the 2015 season following an injury to Colin Kaepernick.
Gabbert's play was underwhelming during his three seasons with the 49ers, who also went through three head coaches in as many years. Gabbert was San Francisco's opening-day starter last season, but eventually lost his job after throwing for 925 yards with five touchdowns and six interceptions in five starts.
Despite Gabbert's inconsistencies during a career that has seen him throw for 7,351 yards with 38 touchdowns and 37 interceptions while going 9-31 as a starter, the St. Louis native has seemed to pick up Bruce Arians' Cardinals offense quickly since signing in May.
He is in competition with Drew Stanton for the Cardinals No. 2 job behind starter Carson Palmer. Stanton did not play Thursday as undrafted rookie Trevor Knight was under center for the Cardinals in the second half.
It was only the preseason opener and a game void of any real star power, but Gabbert finally looked like the quarterback he was expected to be when he left Missouri following his junior year.
The Cardinals have to like what they saw from Gabbert in Canton, especially considering the 37-year-old Palmer has missed parts of five seasons because of injuries over his 14-year career.
Arians said at halftime he was "very pleased" with Gabbert's performance, especially the poise he showed in the pocket.
Lunch with Daphne Park was always enjoyable. She would regale me with snapshots of her remarkable life as a spy in dangerous and exotic places, and as the highest-ranking female officer in the Secret Service in her day. Several times I pressed her to write her memoirs or at least record her recollections for posterity, but always she brushed aside the idea because she was sworn to secrecy.
I first met Park (1921-2010) when I was the Africa minister at the Foreign Office and she came to bend my ear in 2003 about government policy on Zimbabwe. She was from the Tory Right, a friend of Mrs Thatcher; as a Labour minister, I treated her warily at first. However, I soon came to respect and admire her. Beneath that Miss Marple exterior there lurked a Miss Marple interior: a first-class mind. “I have always looked like a cheerful fat missionary,” she once told an interviewer. “It wouldn't be any use if you went around looking sinister, would it?”
Park's early years were tough and probably made her the self-sufficient, fearless individual that she became. Her father was a coffee farmer, scratching a living in a remote corner of what is now Tanzania. She received no formal education until, aged 11, she left home to live with two great-aunts in south London. She did not see her parents again for 13 years. She spent part of the war training agents who would be parachuted into France. After the war she was sent to Vienna, to seek out German and Austrian scientists before the Russians could kidnap them. Later, and not without difficulty, she became probably the first woman to be admitted to the Secret Intelligence Service, which was at that time, in her biographer's words, “a chauvinistic, militaristic men's club”.
In the secret services, Park stood out as a forceful personality and a woman in a man's world
Over more than 30 years she saw service in Moscow, Hanoi and Mongolia, among other places. There is an interesting chapter here on what she got up to in the Congo – she was stationed there when the post-independence prime minister, Patrice Lumumba, was murdered, a murky business. Tales of her exploits were legendary. She once smuggled a black Rhodesian whose life was at risk out of the Congo in the boot of her battered Citroën Deux Chevaux. In Russia, she is said to have swum the Volga to escape pursuers. Park ended her SIS career as Controller of the Western Hemisphere division. On retirement from the service, she became warden of her old Oxford College, Somerville; later Margaret Thatcher appointed her a governor of the BBC and a life peer.
Writing a biography of Daphne Park was never going to be easy and Paddy Hayes has done a very good job. She had no close relatives and in later life gave only a handful of interviews, and then only after clearing them with her former paymasters. Hayes has had access to her papers (although most of any interest are no doubt locked away securely in the SIS archive) and the cooperation of her closest friends. He has also persuaded several of her former colleagues to reminisce.
To compensate for the shortage of direct evidence about her activities, especially early on, Hayes's biography is as much a portrait of the SIS as it is of Park. Until the mid-Sixties the SIS was a disaster area, compromised by a succession of well-placed Soviet agents of whom Kim Philby and George Blake were the most notorious. So damaged was the agency that the Americans were reluctant to share their secrets, and the Government seriously considered its closure. Only with the defection of KGB officers Oleg Lyalin and Oleg Gordievsky in the Seventies did things look up.
In the secret services, Park stood out as a forceful personality and a woman in a man's world. Until the early Seventies, a woman employed in the foreign service was required to resign if she married. Park solved that problem by never marrying, though she is said to have had a long-running affair. Asked if she had ever experienced sexual discrimination, she replied: “An African chief once gave me a special gift of a hoe, instead of a spear.” From what I know of Daphne, she could have handled a spear as well as any man.
Buy Queen of Spies: Daphne Park, Britain's Cold War Spy Master by Paddy Hayes from the Telegraph Bookshop for £16.99 plus £1.99 p&p
328pp, Duckworth, £20, ebook £13
Synopsis
"Even if you've never seen him, you've probably heard his voice. And what a voice it is. Sinister, sibilant and silky, like a cross between Shere Khan and a bar of Green and Black's." - Mass Movement Magazine
"For a man best known for a character whose every line was a snarl, it turns out Darrow is a true gentleman. Or to put it another way, Avon may be Paul Darrow, but Paul Darrow is so much more than Avon." - Sci-Fi Bulletin
Paul Darrow's career has encompassed theatre, television and film. Famed for his portrayal of Kerr Avon, a ruthless and calculating computer expert, in Terry Nation's science fiction series Blake's 7, Darrow has also appeared in Coronation Street, Emergency Ward 10 and many other productions - including two guest appearances in Doctor Who.
Populated by familiar names and productions, You're Him, Aren't You? is Paul's own story of his life and career. It tells of his association with Blake's 7 - how he was cast, his experiences of making the show, what has happened since and his memories of Terry Nation, the cast and the crew. It also tells of his childhood, his time playing Elvis Presley and his near miss with James Bond.
Written By: Paul Darrow
Directed By: Lisa Bowerman
Cast
Read by Paul Darrow
Another car bomb attack has torn through the mostly Christian Damascus suburb of Jaramana today, killing at least 18 people, including three children, and wounding scores of others.
The car bomb detonated in a crowded intersection of the suburb, setting a four-story building on fire and also destroying a nearby passenger bus. So far no specific rebel faction has claimed responsibility.
It's a fair bet that it's one of the Islamist-motivated factions, however, as they have shown particular interest in attacking Syria's religious minorities, accusing them of being “pro-Assad” while simultaneously carrying out a campaign of violence that virtually guarantees that they would prefer Assad to the rebellion.
It was the larger of two blasts in the area around the Syrian capital today, as another bomb tore through the Yarmouk Refugee Camp just prior. So far the toll in that bombing remains unclear, and the camp remains contested.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
ALLEN PARK -- After a tumultuous offseason, where the Detroit Lions had to deal with the embarrassment of seven arrests, Green Bay Packers wide receiver Greg Jennings questioned Detroit's ability to stay disciplined.
"Can they maintain their composure, both on the field and off the field?" Jennings said during an NFL Network interview. "They're a very talented team, but they have struggles on the field containing their composure, and definitely, the things we've heard of, them being in the media with off-the-field problems and off-the-field issues. Can they maintain their composure? Can they be a professional ball club for 16, 17, 18 solid weeks throughout the regular season?"
The Lions have actually done a surprisingly good job in two key areas. Most importantly, there have been no arrests since July. Second, the team has significantly reduced its personal foul penalties this season.
In 2011, the Lions committed 36 15-yard infractions. This season, they've registered just nine through 12 games. Unfortunately, that hasn't translated into success as the team has stumbled to a 4-8 record.
On Wednesday, Jennings was asked if he believes the Lions have cleaned up their act.
"As far as their discipline, in the past they have struggled with it and I think (Schwartz) has done a great job of getting them to kind of hone in on what he wants them to be like on the field as well as off the field," Jennings said. "What he stands for, he's a feisty guy. He wants them to be feisty, but he wants them to play within the rules. I think he's doing a great job of getting them to do that."
“Restoring Morality and Religious Freedom,” Ensign, Sept. 2012, 32–39
In this so-called Mormon Moment, where there is more attention being paid to the Church and its members, we will need to be the best examples we can possibly be.
I challenge all of us to work with people of other faiths to improve the moral fabric of our communities, nations, and world and to protect religious freedom. To do this, we need to understand and comprehend “things which have been” (D&C 88:79), with particular emphasis on events that were precursors to the Restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ and that still need to be protected. These are the underpinnings of our Judeo-Christian heritage and bless people worldwide.1
If we understand these events, we can help protect, defend, and enhance knowledge that will bless mankind, prepare us for the kingdom of God, and bring us happiness and joy. Much of what we will do to improve the moral fabric of society and protect religious freedom will be accomplished in our families and communities.
I will review four major “things which have been” that were precursors to the Restoration, and then I will suggest three courses of action that will build on the great heritage bestowed upon us.
Tyndale and the King James Bible 1. A unique and profoundly important group of achievements occurred during the 1500s and early 1600s. William Tyndale, a man of strong religious beliefs and a gifted linguist, translated much of the Hebrew and Greek versions of the Bible into English. His translation contained “phraseology that we associate with the sacredness of the word of God.”2 It was the language of religion, the language that captured the dramatic importance of the Old Testament and the Savior's spiritual message, ministry, and mission set forth in the New Testament. Tyndale's vision was that the common laborer, the plowboy in England, could read and understand the Bible. His language became to religion what William Shakespeare's writings became to the language of literature and social discourse in the English tongue. With the enhancement of the English language by Tyndale and Shakespeare, wise and noble scholars produced the magnificent King James Version of the Bible in 1611. This great book of scripture has endured and is as important to us today as it was 400 years ago. We share with many people a love and appreciation for the Judeo-Christian values set forth in the King James Bible. 2. English common law and the U.S. Constitution. At about the same time as the events just described, Sir Edward Coke produced the consolidation of English law in written form. His work was to law what the King James Bible was to religion.3 His volumes covered every conceivable legal topic and stated what the common law was on each. Many consider the provisions of the common law produced by Coke as a foundation for several provisions in the U.S. Constitution, which celebrates its 225th anniversary this year and is viewed by Latter-day Saints as both inspired and necessary to the Restoration. Five elements of the Constitution have been identified as being particularly inspired: Separation of powers into three independent branches of government. The Bill of Rights' guarantee of freedom of speech, press, and religion. Equality of all men and women before the law. The federal system, with a division of powers between the nation as a whole and the states. The principle of popular sovereignty﻿—the people are the source of government.4 These five basic fundamentals have been a great blessing and were necessary to the Restoration of the gospel. We share with many others a love and appreciation for the Constitution and a concern about efforts to diminish the Bill of Rights' guarantee of freedom of religion. 3. Scientific achievements, including the Industrial Revolution, the communications revolution, and advancements in medicine. President Spencer W. Kimball (1895–1985) acknowledged these achievements and the contribution they provide to the kingdom of God. He saw some of this body of scientific knowledge as a precursor to the Restoration and encouraged Latter-day Saints to participate in the acquisition of this knowledge.5 Daniel Walker Howe, in his Pulitzer Prize–winning history of the transformation of America between 1815 and 1848, titled his book What Hath God Wrought. In his introduction he focuses on professor Samuel F. B. Morse, writing, “Morse, seated amidst a hushed gathering of distinguished national leaders in the chambers of the United States Supreme Court in Washington, tapped out a message” on a new device, the telegraph: “what hath god wrought.”6 “The message ‘baptized the American Telegraph with the name of its author': God.”7 Morse shared a “religious sense of divine providence” and saw himself as “an instrument of providence.”8 Howe states, “During the thirty-three years that began in 1815, there would be greater strides in the improvement of communication than had taken place in all previous centuries.”9 A second communications revolution has occurred during our lifetime. The most significant part of this involves the Internet. 4. A return to Judeo-Christian moral principles. This was especially necessary for the Restoration of the gospel. A renewed emphasis on morality occurred in both England and the United States. It involved fervent religious awakenings, including those associated with the area of western New York State. The practice of religious beliefs had been a “principal reason for the original settlements in New England, Pennsylvania, and Maryland.” On the eve of the Revolutionary War, religious pamphlets “topped secular pamphlets from all thirteen colonies by four to one.”10 A farmer who had fought at Concord Bridge on the first day of battle in the American Revolutionary War “declared that he had never heard of Locke or Sidney, his reading having been limited to the Bible, the Catechism, Watt's Psalms and Hymns, and the Almanac.”11 It was these principles that he was defending. A recent op-ed in the New York Times noted that many people believe “that repairing the economic moral fabric is the essential national task right now. … America went through a similar values restoration in the 1820s. Then, too, people sensed that the country had grown soft and decadent. Then, too, Americans rebalanced. They did it quietly and away from the cameras.”12
Be a Righteous Example How can you help bring about this restoration of morality in our day and help preserve religious freedom? First, be a righteous example. You must not be in camouflage as to who you are and what you believe. Elder J. Devn Cornish, who is a prior to his call to the Seventy was a nationally recognized pediatrician, tells of his efforts to be admitted to Johns Hopkins Medical School. In an interview, distinguished professors at the medical school asked him why he wanted to be a doctor. He told them that he wanted to be a pediatrician. They interrupted him and asked how he could possibly know that when he hadn't even been to medical school. He explained with great passion that he had served an LDS mission in the Guatemala–El Salvador Mission. He had seen the enormous need the children there had for medical care. This, and the promptings of the Spirit, had inspired in him a desire to attend medical school and specialize in pediatrics. He was surprised when these world-famous physicians extended his interview. They were interested in what he did as a missionary, his ability to speak Spanish, and his interaction with and love for the people he had served.13 In this so-called Mormon Moment, where there is more attention being paid to the Church and its members, we will need to be the best examples we can possibly be. Collectively our example will be more important than what any single member or leader proposes. Research has shown that those who know faithful Latter-day Saints appreciate our honesty, integrity, morality, and desire to serve our fellowmen. Recently we met with a top government leader in a South American country. He also had been a physician. We did not expect a particularly good meeting because some of his views are not in accord with certain principles that are important to us. We were surprised when we were received in a warm and gracious manner. He had known only one Latter-day Saint﻿—a fellow student in medical school. He admired this student, knew about our beliefs, and was most respectful because of one example of a Church member whose life was based on honesty, integrity, and morality.
Be Civil in Your Discourse We need to be civil in our discourse and respectful in our interactions. We live in a world where there is much turmoil. Many people are both angry and afraid. The Savior taught us to love even our enemies (see Matthew 5:44). This is especially true when we disagree. The moral basis of civility is the Golden Rule. It is taught in most religions and particularly by the Savior. “And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise” (Luke 6:31). Our faith requires that we treat our neighbors with respect. In a general conference address I pointed out that “there are some who feel that venting their personal anger or deeply held opinions is more important than conducting themselves as Jesus Christ lived and taught. … How we disagree is a real measure of who we are and whether we truly follow the Savior. It is appropriate to disagree, but it is not appropriate to be disagreeable. … If we show love and respect even in adverse circumstances, we become more like Christ.”14
Be an Advocate for Religious Freedom and Morality This is a time when those who feel accountable to God for their conduct feel under siege by a secular world. You understand the moral principles that are under attack and the need to defend morality. Religious freedom all over the world is also under attack. It is important for us to become well educated on this issue and assume responsibility for ensuring that the religious freedom we have inherited is passed on to future generations. We must work together to both protect religious freedom and restore morality. Presidents of the Church, including President Thomas S. Monson, have made it clear that all religions hold truths and that we should work together for the common good. In his inaugural press conference, President Monson emphasized this cooperation. He stated, “We have a responsibility to be active in the communities where we live … and to work cooperatively with other churches. … It's important that we eliminate the weakness of one standing alone and substitute for it the strength of people working together.”15 Our joint effort should be to protect important civic values like honesty, morality, self-restraint, respect for law, and basic human rights. An important study established, “The associations between religious freedoms and other civil liberties, press freedoms, and political freedoms are especially striking.”16 If we fail to diligently protect religious freedom, we risk diminishing other important freedoms that are important both to society and to us. Our challenge is to help people without religious faith understand that the protection of moral principles grounded in religion is a great benefit to society and that religious devotion is critical to public virtue. Many U.S. founding fathers, including George Washington and James Madison, pointed out that shared moral values espoused by different religions with competing doctrines allow societies to be bound together.17 Unfortunately, religious influence has often been replaced by so-called secular religions. “For instance, humanism and atheism function as secular religions binding their adherents through common belief and ideology.”18 Many philosophers have been at the forefront in promoting secularism and rejecting a moral view of the world based on Judeo-Christian values. In their view there is no “objective moral order” and no reason “to choose one goal over another.”19 They believe no preference should be given to moral goals.20 A British high court recently denied a Christian family the right to foster children because the children could be “‘infected' by Christian moral beliefs.”21 The ruling demonstrates just how radically things have shifted. One of the reasons the attack on moral and religious principles has been so successful is the reluctance of people of faith to express their views.22 Extraordinary effort will be required to protect religious liberty. Our doctrine confirms what the U.S. founding fathers and political philosophers have advocated. “No government can exist in peace, except such laws are framed and held inviolate as will secure to each individual the free exercise of conscience” (D&C 134:2). Religious conscience is grounded in one's belief in being accountable to God for conduct. The effort of secularists and governments to coerce conduct in conflict with religious conscience leads to social disunity and is a primary reason that religious liberty is essential for civil peace.23 The role of religion in blessing a secular society was set forth succinctly by Alexis De Tocqueville in his classic Democracy in America. He stated, “The greatest advantage of religion is to inspire … principles. There is no religion which does not place the object of man's desires above and beyond the treasure of earth, and which does not naturally raise his soul to regions far above those of the senses. Nor is there any which does not impose on man some duties toward his kind, and thus draw him at times from the contemplation of himself.”24 My challenge is that we join with people of all faiths who feel accountable to God in defending religious freedom so it can be a beacon for morality. We caution you to be civil and responsible as you defend religious liberty and moral values. We ask that you do this on the Internet and in your personal interactions in the neighborhoods and communities where you live. Be an active participant, not a silent observer.
In conclusion, our reason for undertaking the objectives to be an example, to be civil in our discourse, and to be an advocate for religious freedom is to serve mankind and follow the teachings of Jesus Christ. In doing so, our efforts will be blessed by heaven and will further the purposes of this life established by a loving Father in Heaven.
a low cost ground station for weather sat receiving using an oPiZero, sdr dongle, and a home brew antenna
I've been working on a ground station to receive LRPT images from the Russian meteor-m2 satellite for a while now. The scripts for automated recording, decode, and uploading are working reliably now so I thought I'd share.
All of this work is based on haslettj instructables guide, I modified his scripts to work with the tools below to receive and decode LRPT signals.
Tools:
In addition to the tools haslettj uses you'll need to get the following setup and working. Most are pretty self explanatory.
Reception and QPSK decode
I hacked up Otti's gnuRadio flow graphs to work from the command line for easier scheduling. There is a single input variable for the output file name. The output is a .s file which works with artlav's meteor_decoder tools.
You'll want to change the rtl=xxx string on line 52 to work with your rtl device ID.
This py needs gnuRadio 3.7 or newer installed, use your package manager.
Image decode
artlav's meteor_decode handles taking the captured qpsk data and turning it into a bitmap.
Uploader
i'm using prasmussen's gdrive tool to upload the decoded image to my Google Drive folder.
Scheduler
The github of my modified scripts is here. Create a soft link to schedule_all so that it runs as a cron task daily. You'll need to modify each of the scripts to work with your own home directory location. The qpsk decoder is dumping the received data into a file on a ramdisk. This is to lower latency and prevent gnuRadio from complaining about buffer overruns "OOOO".
National Geographic film on wildlife, nature comes to introduce Turkey to world
A center focused on saving southeastern Turkey's wilderness areas released 10 rare birds to their natural habitat Tuesday.
The Gölpınar Wilderness Rescue and Rehab Center in Turkey's southeastern Şanlıurfa province has been treating the birds – including an Egyptian vulture, barn owl and hawk – for around four months after they were found injured in the woods.
Israfil Erdoğan, a local official of Turkey's General Directorate of Nature Conservation and National Parks, told Anadolu Agency the center has been operating for around five years and has treated hundreds of birds so far.
The center cares for dozens of local mammal, bird and reptile species, including the Indian crested porcupine, jungle cat, striped hyena, red fox, gray heron, black kite and kestrel.
Erdoğan said the center aims to "provide better living conditions for the animals that share nature with us."
"Our teams at the center take a close interest in animals. We release the animals to their natural environment after completion of treatment," he said.
"We [also] look after some animals for a lifetime whose natural habitats no longer exist," he added.
Veterinarian Reşat Ektiren said the center has released hundreds of animals back into the wild following their rehabilitation.
The ancient province of Şanlıurfa has a Mediterranean climate, characterized by hot, dry summers and rainy winters. Its terrain includes rocky semi-desert and pine forests. Located 80 kilometers east of the Euphrates, Şanlıurfa is home to some of the world's oldest preserved settlements including Göbekli Tepe Neolithic temple, and is believed to be the site of ancient Ur Kasdim, hometown of the patriarch Abraham.
January 21
- removed insta-death event for less difficult modes in regular game play and endless mode entirely.- balancing: domina challenge event is less difficult, shorter in length, and severity of loss is scaled to take into account game options > difficulty- fixed: chariots/hoses/behemoths being selected for champion challenges because look sometimes a man just wants to challenge a horse to a fight, i think its wrong personally but lets not judge Romans by our refined sensibilities - placed in the proper context, horse punching might be better than, say, going to war? so like, if you have a festival of games to prove which community is stronger, then that community's place in the hierarchy can be determined by feats of strength, challenges, etc, rather than having to go to war with the other community, commit mass murder and genocide. No. Instead, we pit our champions against each other to see which prevails. The best of ours against the best of theirs. Games are better than war. Punching a horse is better than mass murder. I dont condone cruelty to animals but in a context of triage, what is more important: The lives of thousands, millions of people? or a man punching a horse and then getting trampled to death because, I mean, I'm in awe of the lad - an absolute unit this horse just TRAMPLES him.- fixed: gladiator drag/drop is now disabled while deck is open- fixed: doctore card drop placement issue- new Jupiters Blessings for domina, magistrate, legate- new: cleaned up UI (notably for extended mouse-hover info and card display)- new: ludus pause screen is now obfuscated in harder modes. NO THINK-TIME FOR YOU.- balancing: endless mode resets regional championships but the new champions are a bit more challenging each year (more HP, more training, more defense) and rewards go up each year also. (havent tested this for many years so.. results may be ridiculous...)- MOAR OPTIMIZING: if game options > quality is not on FULL setting, smaller audio sounds start being filtered out (ie: foot falls, chains, some crowd reactions, weapon impacts, etc)- fixed: crowd always ended up booing Domina even if her performance was good T_T- possibly fixed: if a dude manages to get out of bounds (which shouldnt be possble but hey, we do the impossible all the time here at dolphin barn) he'll recieve damage until he either moves back into the known physical universe, or dies. ¯\_(:D)_/¯ (NOTE: FIXED AGAIN, FROM BETA 1.2.14)- balancing: more crowd coin- fixed: stop deck spamming with "deck full" alerts...- new: mouse scrollwheel will now zoom in/out cards in the deck for easier management (zoom out and "lookit all the space for activities!!!")- new: gladiators can be ejected from private rooms, so limited secure space can be redistributed- balancing: baseAttack/baseDefense stats for all gladiators have been increased for heavier gladiators- fixed: jupiters blessing animation bugs (various)- fixed: medicus emeritus - impediment healing bug would not heal strength correctly (would mark defense as healed, but keep healing strength)
Defective construction works at the Austin Hospital have caused extensive plumbing problems, a Supreme Court writ alleges, leading the Andrews government to sue builder Lend Lease for costs "in excess of $20 million".
The legal action cites repeated water leaks following the completion of the hospital's nine-level tower in 2005.
Ambulances outside the Emergency entrance at the Austin Hospital. Credit:Mal Fairclough
And it comes as a section of the hospital's 30-bed intensive care unit has been closed since February because of leaks, which are believed to be affecting other parts of the facility.
The legal action, taken by the Department of Economic Development, Jobs, Transport and Resources, claims hot and cold water piping in part of the hospital is defective and that materials used for plumbing were not "fit for their intended purpose".
Embark on an action-packed, worldwide adventure in the 3D remastered version of Secret of Mana. Take on the role of Randi, a young boy tasked with reviving the magical power of Mana.
The battle for Mana includes many tumultuous encounters along the way; armed with the Mana Sword and joined by his two companions Primm and Popoi, Randi leads the epic quest to battle the treacherous empire as it tries to gain control of Mana.
In order to defeat the forces of evil, Randi, Primm and Popoi must befriend the eight elementals who hold the power that comprises Mana. The legacy of Mana returns as the brave warriors set forth to bring balance back to the world.
The memorable adventure of Randi, Primm and Popoi is reborn in Secret of Mana!
In two years' time, Benjamin Netanyahu will become the longest-serving prime minister of Israel. According to recent polls, only one man can stop that from happening. If elections were held today, Yair Lapid would win, those polls show. Lapid has only been in politics for five and a half years, during which time he has held the post of finance minister. He is now the leader of the centrist faction of the opposition in Israel, having founded the Yesh Atid (There is a future) party in 2012 after a successful career in television.
I hope the kind of attitude left radical parties are showing toward Israel is the result of complete ignorance
Lapid, born in Tel Aviv in 1963, entered politics with the aim of stamping out corruption and ensuring that the country's ultra-orthodox Jews – some 10 percent of the population – carry out the same obligations as the rest of the population, military service included. Now he is being held up as Israel's representative of a centrist wave that is putting an end to traditional two-party systems in many parts of the world. Meanwhile, he has thrown himself into what is particularly difficult terrain in Israeli politics: foreign policy. On a recent visit to Madrid organized by the NGO group Monitor, he participated in an event denouncing the use of public money in Spain to promote boycotts in Israel, and visited Spain's national Congress.
Politically, Israel is more polarized than ever. Is there space for a centrist party?
This is not an Israeli phenomenon, it's global. The most obvious example is Macron in France, but it is also happening with Ciudadanos in Spain. In this struggle between the populism of the left and the populism of the right, nobody wins. It's clear that after the US election and Brexit, people have been telling themselves that we need to wait a minute and look at this because protest movements are not good at governing in institutions. What the center as a concept is offering is above all responsibility and functioning institutions.
But the fact remains that a majority of voters still prefer the Likud. What can you offer to Israelis that Benjamin Netanyahu cannot offer them?
First, an end to “us versus them” politics. I have been telling the people of Israel, the same way Emmanuel Macron is telling the people of France and Angela Merkel, to a point, is telling the people of Germany, that this is a diversion. There's only “us.” My aspiration is to unify the country. Not to create a uniform state, but to unify it. And I think this [concept] is also spreading around, right now, more in Europe than anywhere else.
Islamic terrorists use a vocabulary they have stolen from Martin Luther King and Karl Marx
Israel faces a huge challenge in terms of its image overseas. What can you do to improve this image?
Israel has done a very bad job in Europe in the last few decades because we did not make up for the amount of money and efforts that were put into Europe by the BDS [Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions] movement [against the country]. For too long, Israeli foreign policy was saying: “If we argue with them in public, we will only give them free publicity so let's pretend it's not happening.” But it's happening. There is a lot of money coming in, a lot of Spanish money as well – money from the Spanish taxpayers that was supposed to go to humanitarian aid but instead, it goes to support propaganda of terrorists groups.
These groups say the solution to Israel's problems is very easy: make peace with the Palestinians.
I am a great supporter of the two-state solution. I am ready to give them [the Palestinians] a state tomorrow! I only have one condition: I don't want my people to be killed. Israel is a bit post-traumatic since 2005 and the disengagement from Gaza. We did everything the world had asked us to do: we dismantled the settlements in Gaza, the army was withdrawn, we left them the entire Gaza Strip and we even left them 3,000 greenhouses to start building an economy. And you know what? They demolished all 3,000 greenhouses. They built training camps for the Islamic Jihad and Hamas, and to date they have fired more than 1,500 rockets on Israeli citizens.
You were very critical of Barack Obama's nuclear deal with Iran. Is Donald Trump's arrival at the White House good news for Israel?
I am still critical of the Iran deal. In terms of Trump, we don't know yet. His administration is a riddle. President Trump had a fantastic visit to Israel. We really liked that he decided to start this first international tour in Israel. Emotion counts and it's very obvious that he feels strongly about the well-being of Israel and the Israelis. There are people in his administration we highly regard as partners for everything, including Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner [charged with spearheading an effort to forge a peace deal between Israel and Palestine]. If you put your son-in-law in charge of something, you must care about the issue. What is the practical consequence of all this? I have no idea yet.
Don't you fear that Israel could end up becoming a political subject in the United States? There is clear distancing from the Democratic Party.
In this struggle between the populism of the left and the populism of the right, nobody wins
I don't want to criticize my country while I am abroad. But I will say the following: it's crucial for Israel to avoid becoming a partisan issue in the US. We should aspire to a similar consensus as that which can be seen in Spain – we met today with deputies from the Spanish Congress, and I think they were from all the parties except for [the anti-austerity party] Podemos. The alienation of the Democratic Party is a bad idea, above all, because this is politics and one day one group is in government and the next it is the other way around.
You mentioned Podemos. In Europe, the new left-wing populist parties have made criticizing Israel a prominent part of their foreign policy programs. And these people are sitting in parliament. What would you say to them?
The Gay Pride Parade is being held in Madrid on Saturday. Explain to me, if you can, how Podemos can support groups who are hanging gay people from telephone poles, who think it's OK to beat women, who are burning churches and synagogues, and who think it's OK to kill Jews because they are Jews, and Christians because they are Christians.
Are you talking about Iran?
I am talking about Hamas and about Hezbollah, which share the same ideology as Iran. Investigate what groups operating among Palestinians, such as Islamic Jihad, have to say about homosexuals and women's liberation. It's written there in the manifesto of Hamas, which rules over Gaza: it is necessary to kill Jews to liberate Palestine. Podemos is part of a European left that is siding against a country that has a Gay Pride parade bigger than in Madrid, a country that has been a global pioneer in women's liberation, a country that is, under very difficult circumstances, a very vibrant and vital democracy in which, for example, the Supreme Court sent a prime minister to prison two years ago. If we were not a real democracy, how could any of this be happening? So I hope that the kind of attitude Podemos and other left radical parties are showing toward Israel is the result of complete ignorance.
But why has the left taken this stance against Israel?
Podemos is part of a European left that is siding against a country that has a bigger Gay Pride than Madrid
These terrorists group, which are only a small part of the Palestinian population, decided to focus on the political left using terms like “freedom,” like “equal rights,” like “human rights,” which have a lot of resonance among the radical left. Islamic terrorists use a vocabulary they have stolen from Martin Luther King and Karl Marx, from Lenin and Fidel Castro, and they tempt those radical leftist groups to their cause. They [those terrorist groups] believe, as I was saying, in killing gay people and beating wives. This is completely misunderstood in Europe. They are not in favor of the two-state solution. They don't want a Palestinian State alongside Israel. They only want a Palestinian State on the ashes of Israel.
English version by George Mills.
For years, Virginia Tech fans have been clamoring for changes to the Hokies' offensive staff.
In 2012, they finally had some company -- from within the program.
“I didn't really want to come back to a place where I wasn't going to progress and be getting prepared for the next level,” said quarterback Logan Thomas, who chose to return for his senior season instead of leaving early for the NFL draft.
Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer, who has had one of the most stable staffs in the country during his tenure and has always been reluctant to make changes, finally called an audible and hired three new assistants following the worst season the program has seen in 20 years. The highest-profile change was the hire of former Temple and Auburn offensive coordinator Scot Loeffler for the same position, but equally important were the hires of former Auburn offensive line coach Jeff Grimes and former Stanford wide receivers coach Aaron Moorehead -- two position groups that were at the heart of the Hokies' struggles last year and lacked physicality. Embattled offensive coordinator Bryan Stinespring, the main target of the fans' wrath over the years, has been reassigned to recruiting coordinator, and he will continue to coach the tight ends.
Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer has shaken up his coaching staff this offseason. Charles LeClaire/US Presswire
By Virginia Tech's standards, it was a monumental makeover. Not since 2006, when four assistants were hired, has Beamer made such sweeping changes to his staff. As Virginia Tech begins spring practices on Wednesday, those within the program are confident they were not only the right moves, but also necessary ones in order for the Hokies to get back to the top of the Coastal Division standings.
“It wasn't lack of confidence in the guys we have, we just didn't pick up enough first downs," Beamer said. "We punted the ball too many times. We needed a shakeup a little bit, in my opinion.”
Beamer's son, running backs coach Shane Beamer, called the offensive staff overhaul “a huge deal.”
“He's big on continuity, and visibility, and there are a lot of coaches who make changes for the sake of change, and he's not like that,” Shane Beamer said of his father. “He understands that stability is a big thing in this business, but at the same time, he told us as a staff before the changes and he told us as a staff after the changes that at the end of the day, he has to do what's best for Virginia Tech football. All of us certainly feel like that's what he did in this instance.”
The running game, which finished No. 79 in the country, will be the priority this spring, but every position on offense is in need of improvement. The Hokies were No. 81 in the country in scoring offense last year at 25.08 points per game -- its worst output since 2008. Beamer said he will meet with his new assistants this afternoon to go over their impressions of the program after watching film.
“They went over all our video,” Beamer said. “I'm going to meet with them to go over what they've seen, what they think, what they want to do, that type of thing. When you come into a situation, you want to study personnel, No. 1, and look at how things were done, what was good and what we can do better.”
There is plenty.
After eight straight seasons of at least 10 wins, Virginia Tech fell hard and fast last year. The Hokies finished 7-6 and had to win their final two regular-season games to become bowl eligible. Finishing the season with three straight wins, though, was a big positive for a program in search of something to smile about.
“It was a tough year, but I really am proud of our football team, our program,” Beamer said. “We were sitting there at 4-6, not many people were writing positive things. We had to win the last two to get to a bowl game and then we won the bowl game. Last year, the way the players and coaches hung in there and toughed it out, stayed together, it wasn't an easy thing to do. In some ways, you're prouder, in certain ways, than some of those 10-win seasons. Every year is different and kids are different, but I appreciate that.”
The momentum from the end of the season has carried into the offseason. The players and coaches said there has been a better focus, and a determination to prove that last season was the anomaly. Last week, Virginia Tech had winter conditioning workouts at 6 a.m. every day. Beamer said it was some of the best practices the team has had, and that the players fought through tired legs and bodies.
“I told the kids the other day I want this to be the toughest football team we've ever had here at Virginia Tech,” Beamer said. “When you sit back and evaluate, there's a mental toughness and physical toughness I think is important to winning.”
And winning at Virginia Tech is very, very important, especially to Thomas, who didn't come back to finish 6-6 this fall.
“It's the most important thing in my eyes right now,” Thomas said. “I've never been one to settle for anything less than perfection. That's what we always strive to do here. It's ingrained in us -- a Coastal Division championship and an ACC championship is definitely what we want.”
This offseason, Beamer was willing to make the changes to help them reach those goals.
Around the watch Episode 36 with Sleepy and Super: "DhaK said he would cook for us"
Look Here! to listen to or download this week's podcast from Soundcloud!
Look Here! for our RSS feed to plug into your Podcast Apps!
Click Here! to subscribe to us on iTunes!
Click Here! to subscribe to us on Google Play!
Click Here! to join our Discord! We record live, and take audience questions every week!
00:00:30 Welcome, Sleepy and Super of SF Overwatch!
00:02:30 Discussing the NRG team house
00:05:00 The path to OWL
00:08:30 Super's transition to flex
00:13:30 Talking SF Overwatch and what Contenders team they've scrimmed
00:15:15 Sleepy's path to NRG/SF
00:19:00 Discussing Super's age
00:22:30 Who will win Contenders?
00:26:00 CaptainPlanet and Pesto debate how to fix Contenders Season 2
00:28:00 Will OWL teams pick up players mid season?
00:30:15 Discussion on OWL team names / logos
00:35:15 Discussing how to do “home” vs “away” in OWL
00:39:15 How should the OWL format be set up?
00:45:00 Listener Questions
00:45:15 What else besides skill were the coaches looking for during tryouts?
00:46:35 Is Super related to Babybay?
00:47:00 Did NRG ask Zombs before trolling him?
00:47:30 Who would you add to the Dallas Fuel to improve them?
00:50:00 Will we see a lot of subs switching in and out in OWL?
00:51:30 Have Super and Sleepy met Ice_Poseidon?
00:52:00 Are Misfits and Gigantti as good as FaZe and EnVy?
00:53:00 How are team SFs scrims vs EnVy going?
00:54:00 Will Dafran be in OWL?
00:54:10 Who would win in a naked wrestling fight, amongst the SF Overwatch team?
00:56:00 Do you all scrim in the same voice call?
00:57:30 Are any of the other OWL teams fully signed?
00:58:30 What is SF's best team-building activity?
00:59:00 What does Sleepy think about Fahzix?
Follow Super on:
Twitter
Twitch
Discord
Follow Sleepy on:
Twitter
Twitch
Secret codes and hidden messages aren't just for computer security experts or kids passing notes in class -- animals use them too. The telltale red hourglass of the black widow spider sends a warning signal that some animals can see but others cannot, finds a Duke University study.
Considered some of the most venomous spiders in the world, black widows are notorious for their toxic bite. The red hourglass-shaped mark on the female's underside warns would-be predators such as birds to stay away, unless they want their next meal to be their last.
But how do black widows broadcast their built-in chemical weapons to birds, without blowing their cover with their insect prey? The spider's balancing act works thanks to differences in how birds and insects see color, finds a study that appeared online Feb. 27 in Behavioral Ecology.
First the researchers tested whether birds responded differently to models of black widows with red hourglass markings than those without. They placed plastic fake spiders produced by 3-D printing onto bird feeders to see how birds would respond.
The template for the spider mannequins came from a 3-D image of a black widow designed for video game developers. "Video game developers love to put black widows in their games because they're scary," said lead author Nicholas Brandley, now a visiting assistant professor at Colorado College.
Half of the eight fake spiders were painted all black, and half were painted black with a red hourglass to match the reflectance of real black widows. The spider models were placed one at a time, belly-up, at seven backyard bird feeders in Durham, North Carolina.
Models with a red hourglass were less attractive to birds looking for a snack. Birds were three times less likely to peck or grab a spider model with a red hourglass than one without, the researchers found.
Small, short-beaked birds such as house finches and chickadees were more easily spooked. "The birds would see a spider model with red markings and get startled and jump back, like 'Oh no man, get me out of here,'" Brandley said.
Next they estimated how the specific red and black hues used by black widows appear to bird compared to how they might be seen by insects such as crickets, beetles and ants, which black widows catch in their sticky webs.
Insects and birds are sensitive to different wavelengths of light. Bird eyes have a photoreceptor for long wavelengths of light that that most insects lack.
"Insects can still detect red light, but not as well as mammals or birds," Brandley said.
The researchers used an instrument called a spectroradiometer to objectively measure the wavelengths reflected by two of the three black widow species found in North America. Then they calculated how much of that light the photoreceptors in the eyes of birds and insects would be able to absorb.
The researchers discovered that black widows' warning colors are more visible to birds than insects. The color contrast is more than two times greater for birds, Brandley said.
The researchers suspected that differences in viewing angle play a role, too. Black widows usually hang underneath their horizontal webs with their bellies facing the sky. This puts their red hourglass in full view of birds flying overhead but partially hidden from insects crawling below.
To test the idea, the researchers did an experiment where they let two species of North American black widows build webs in 20-inch-tall cages in the lab over the course of three days. The species that preferred to build its web furthest from the ground -- thus visible to birds hunting from above or below -- also happens to be the only North American black widow with red marks on its back in addition to its belly, they found.
Most studies of animal warning colors focus on how well they deter potential predators, but far fewer have examined whether the same signals help their bearers avoid detection by parasites, prey, or competitors, the researchers say.
"Potential eavesdroppers may be an underappreciated force shaping these signals," Brandley said.
The Prime Minister said it was "not remotely on the cards" after Penny Mordaunt, the Armed Forces Minister, claimed Turkey is set to join the EU in the next eight years and the UK will be unable to veto the move.
He joked that Turkey is on course to join the EU in the year 3000 on its current rate of progress, as he launched a brutal attack on one of his own ministers.
Mr Cameron described Ms Mordaunt's claims that Britain had no veto over Turkish accession to the 28-member bloc as "misleading" and "absolutely wrong".
Pressed on whether she was qualified to remain in government, the Prime Minister told ITV's Peston on Sunday: "Her responsibilities are in the Ministry of Defence, she is doing a very good job.
"But on this question of whether of not we have a veto, the Leave campaign are wrong."
(Andy Lavalley/Post-Tribune via AP)
The politics of solar power keeps getting more and more interesting.
In Indiana, a fight over net metering — basically, whether people with rooftop solar can return their excess power to the grid and thereby lower their utility bills — has drawn out groups ranging from the state chapter of the NAACP to the conservative TUSK (Tell Utilities Solar won't be Killed) in favor of the practice.
Arrayed on the other side of the issue, meanwhile, are the Indiana Energy Association, a group of utilities, and Republican Rep. Eric Koch, sponsor of a bill that would potentially change how net metering works in the state. The legislation, in its current form, would let utility companies ask the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission to include various “tariffs, rates and charges, and credits” for those customers generating their own energy at home.
Net metering advocates charge that this would reduce how much money rooftop solar installers save on their electricity bills. But the bill's supporters say it will “level the playing field to ensure that all of those who use the electric grid — whether consuming or generating power — are paying for its upkeep,” in the words of the Indiana Energy Association.
Forty-three states and the District of Columbia currently allow net metering — among them, Indiana. The fight is important because the solar industry in the state, and the number of people installing rooftop solar, is expected to grow in coming years — that is, so long as solar remains a good deal financially.
What's particularly fascinating is how this debate has mobilized the religious community. Solar panels are going up on church rooftops in Indiana, and on Wednesday, the head of the Christian Coalition of America wrote a blog post favoring solar and referring specifically to the Indiana fight (although without getting into the technical details of net metering).
Roberta Combs, president of the group, titled her post “For God and Country, Indiana and America Need Better Energy Policies,” writing,
Indiana's utilities are interested in keeping us reliant on traditional fuel sources that hurt our national security and weaken our economy. We must allow homes, businesses, public organizations, and churches to create local, American power by installing solar. As conservatives, we stand up for our country's national security and the health of our economy. And, as Christians, we recognize the biblical mandate to care for God's creation and protect our children's future.
This is not the first time that Combs has come out for an initiative that might be described as “green.” She previously supported efforts by Secretary of State John F. Kerry, former senator Joe Lieberman and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) to battle global warming. Her daughter, Michele Combs, is the founder of a group called Young Conservatives for Energy Reform, which stands for “weaning our nation from foreign oil, boosting efficiency, and developing homegrown alternatives from natural gas to biofuels to wind and solar.”
“This whole concept of conservative support for solar has certainly gotten a lot of attention, but this is the most remarkable chapter in the story,” said Bryan Miller, who co-chairs the Alliance for Solar Choice, which advocates in favor of net metering across the country. “We've seen a lot of grass-roots activism for sure, but we haven't seen a major national group, associated with the far right of American politics, coming out on a renewable energy issue.”
The reason this has happened in Indiana, suggests Miller, is that “we've had houses of worship who have gone solar, speaking out about this for weeks.” The South Carolina Christian Coalition has also supported solar power in the state.
The Christian Coalition did not immediately return requests for comment.
Energy in the United States is changing so fast, it seems, that politics barely knows how to adapt to it.
RUSSELL Gilbert is reportedly recovering in a Melbourne hospital following emergency surgery for a brain aneurysm.
Twenty-four hours after the funnyman was reported missing by friends — prompting a police search of Melbourne's CBD and surrounds — Gilbert was readmitted to Prahan's Alfred Hospital for urgent brain surgery.
Gilbert's management issued a statement to The Daily Telegraph earlier in the hope of addressing concerns of worried family and friends who hit the panic button when Gilbert disappeared two weeks after the untimely death of his fiancee, Rochelle Nolan.
News_Image_File: Russell Gilbert and Rochelle Nolan.
“Russell Gilbert underwent surgery today for a brain aneurysm,” Profile Management said in a statement.
“A long and slow recovery is expected. The family has asked that their privacy be respected during this difficult time.”
Friends of the comedian informed Confidential Gilbert was reported missing on Thursday — at around 3pm — after he was admitted for surgery that was to have taken place that day.
“He'd gone in for surgery and gotten cold feet and took himself for a walk,” said one friend yesterday. The emergency surgery subsequently had to rescheduled for the following day.
By 7pm, friends were raising the alarm on social media.
RUSSELL DID NOT ATTEND ROCHELLE'S FUNERAL
Television host David Campbell posted to Twitter: “Friends, Russell Gilbert is missing. All of his friends are worried for his safety. If you see him please call the police.”
Nova's Ryan “Fitzy” Fitzgerald and AFL social media sites echoed the distress in similar posts.
The panicked manhunt that followed demonstrated the power of social media in raising the alarm and galvanised a worried community. Within the hour, another Twitter user reported Gilbert had been sighted in Melbourne's CBD.
By 8.30pm Victorian police confirmed to Confidential a 55-year-old man had been found “safe and well”.
The comedian, said friends, has been in an increasingly desperate state since his fiancee and partner of 19 years took her life on September 10 at the Crown Casino.
Gilbert's behaviour, they said, had been “erratic”.
They are now hopeful yesterday's surgery will at least address some of the distressing symptoms Gilbert has been suffering from in recent times.
****FOR SUPPORT CONTACT LIFELINE 13 11 14****
COLOSSAL NEWS DAY: Welcome to the most glorious and action-packed Tuesdays With Lazerbeak of all time!!! It brings me supreme joy to announce that on January 27th Doomtree Records will release All Hands, the brand-new full-length crew album from all seven members of Doomtree. Maaaaaaaan that feels good to finally type out loud. Check out the sweet album cover art below!
You can't announce a brand-new album without a blazing hot, heat knocking, lava banger of a new single. Check out “Gray Duck” in the Soundcloud player below and get seriously AMPED OUT OF YOUR MIND for All Hands!
[soundcloud url=”https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/176168371?secret_token=s-dOrjH” params=”auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true” width=”100%” height=”450″ iframe=”true” /]
Here's “Gray Duck” in a YouTube player format just in case you have a serious vendetta against streaming audio services.
Alright, you can't announce a brand-new album and a blazing hot, heat knocking, lava banger of a new single without also announcing the most crushingly over-the-top pre-order in Doomtree Records HISTORY!!! Let me attempt to break down all of the amazing gifts that will be bestowed upon you when you pre-order All Hands directly from the Doomtree Webstore. The Standard Pre-Order option includes the following insanity:
– Immediate download of “Gray Duck” and “.38 Airweight”
– Digital download of bonus track “High Water” (delivered on 1/27)
– Glossy poster autographed by all seven members of the crew
– All Hands 4″ glow-in-the-dark sticker
– CD version includes a 36-page lyric booklet and a fold-out poster
– Vinyl version includes double LP gatefold packaging and a digital download code
All of that for just $12.99 on CD and $24.99 on LP. OUTRAGEOUS. That's basically somewhere in the realm of what Paper Tiger spends on just one lunch at the airport Arby's. But that's not all….. If you're really looking for the most incredible pre-order option in all of Doomtree Records history, look no further than the All Hands Deluxe Pre-Order. CHECK. THIS. OUT.
That's right. You get every single item mentioned in the standard pre-order, plus the following awesomeness:
– Limited-edition glow-in-the-dark All Hands t-shirt (available only in this pre-order)
– Miniature ship in a bottle (like the album cover)
– All Hands branded matchbox (to recreate the album cover)
– 1.5″ metal DTR life preserver pin (to add to your No Kings and Four Fists pin collection)
– All Hands screen-printed cloth patch
– Vinyl version includes limited-edition color vinyl (A/B is light blue, C/D is dark blue)
DAAAAAAAAANG. Truly increíble. Go grab your standard and deluxe pre-orders at the Doomtree Webstore right HERE, right NOW (just like that Jesus Jones song).
And if you're more of the digital type, you can pre-order All Hands from iTunes (HERE) or Bandcamp (HERE) and still receive “Gray Duck” and “.38 Airweight” instantly, as well as bonus track “High Water” when the album drops on 1/27.
OK for real, you can't announce a brand-new album, blazing-hot-heat-knocking-lava-banger of a new single, and the most crushingly over-the-top pre-order in Doomtree history without also announcing the ALL HANDS TOUR!!!
BAM! The dudes will be hitting the road this February and March for a full-on US tour. Check out the complete list of initial tour dates below and sign up for the Doomtree Mailing List HERE to be notified of the early ticket pre-sale that starts this Friday. Tickets will then go on sale to the general public next Monday, December 8th. You can find all of those sweet tour deetz and more right HERE.
Doomtree Tour Dates:
12/6-13 – Doomtree Blowout – Minneapolis, MN – SOLD OUT
2/4 – Mojo's – Columbia, MO
2/6 – Trees – Dallas, TX
2/8 – Fitzgerald's Downstairs – Houston, TX
2/9 – One Eyed Jacks – New Orleans, LA
2/11 – The Earl – Atlanta, GA
2/12 – Motorco Music Hall – Durham, NC
2/13 – Boot & Saddle – Philadelphia, PA
2/14 – U Street Music Hall – Washington, DC
2/16 – The Sinclair – Cambridge, MA
2/17 – Highline Ballroom – New York, NY
2/19 – Blind Pig – Ann Arbor, MI
2/20 – Abbey Pub – Chicago, IL
2/21 – Majestic Theatre – Madison, WI
3/4 – The Waiting Room – Omaha, NE
3/5 – Aggie Theatre – Fort Collins, CO
3/6 – Gothic Theatre – Englewood, CO
3/7 – Urban Lounge – Salt Lake City, UT
3/9 – Neumo's – Seattle, WA
3/10 – Hawthorne Theatre – Portland, OR
3/12 – Slim's – San Francisco, CA
3/13 – The Roxy Theatre – Los Angeles, CA
3/14 – The Glass House – Pomona, CA
3/16 – Club Red – Mesa, AZ
3/17 – Launchpad – Albuquerque, NM
And just in case reading about all of this incredible news wasn't enough for you, we brought in the Legend God of Promo Videos, Ander Other, to really drive home the point in a succinct, informative, and vizually stunning All Hands promo vid. SYNERGY!!!! Check it out below (animated flames, dude).
Alright, I think that's probably enough excitement for one post. Don't forget that all of this big tyme news is just the beginning. The Last Doomtree Blowout Ever kicks off this Saturday at the Turf Club, followed by Surly Doomtree Day on Sunday, and the Icehouse show on Monday. All the concerts are sold out for the entire eight-day Blowout run, but everyone is welcome to come and hang out with the Doomtree and Surly crews this Sunday for our big crawl around the Twin Cities. Come kick it with us and celebrate the release of the new beer! You can try it for yourself at each location and enter to win tickets to various Blowout shows throughout the week, including the super private Surly Doomtree launch party later that night. It's gonna be awesome. Times and places are listed below.
I'll leave you with a couple very special Bonus Jams just in case you got so excited about the start of this post that you forgot to click play. Check out “Gray Duck” and “.38 Airweight” below, and don't forget to grab your All Hands pre-order right HERE.
OK, I hope you all have a wonderful rest of the week. Can't wait to see a ton of you out at all the different Blowout events. Stay tuned all next week as we'll be posting pictures from every single night of the sold-out run, starting on Sunday morning. See you then!
— Beak
Twitter: @_LAZERBEAK_
Instagram: @lazerbeak
SUPPORT THIS BLOG LYFE. TUESDAYS WITH LAZERBEAK SHIRTS AND POSTERS AVAILABLE NOW!!!
Popular headphone maker Beats is buying back HTC's 25 percent stake in the company. HTC originally bought a $300 million, 50.1 percent stake in Beats back in 2011, and the headphone maker then paid $150 million to buy back half of that investment last year. Today's announcement means the close partnership between the two companies is coming to an end, with Beats buying back the final $265 million in shares. In a statement, HTC says Beats will still be an important partner, but it refused to say exactly how important the move is. The company also declined to state the reasoning behind the split and what financial impact the decision has.
HTC has been struggling to gain smartphone market share recently, with its profits dwindling quarter upon quarter. Conversely, Beats' revenue has been strong and the company claims 59 percent of the US market for premium headphones. HTC has branded all of its high-end handsets with the Beats logo over the past couple of years, and it's still not immediately clear whether that branding will continue at all. We've reached out to HTC for comment, and we'll update you accordingly.
What thing, cold and vast, dares disturb the calm of Ligeia Mare? Photo by NASA/JPL-Caltech/ASI/Cornell
One of the biggest discoveries made by the Cassini spacecraft is that Titan—the mammoth moon of Saturn—has lakes of liquid methane and ethane on its surface. Radar maps of the surface of Titan confirmed that the North Pole is dotted with them, and combined cover far more of the surface of that moon than the Great Lakes do the Earth.
Smooth lakes of liquid natural gas don't reflect radar waves well, so the maps made of Titan show the lakes as dark. Cassini's instruments are sensitive enough that they have even ruled out constant waves on the lakes; they would show up as bright streaks in the images. The lakes are extremely smooth.
So what's going on with the images above? In 2007, radar maps showed Ligeia Mare very near the moon's North Pole, looking pretty much as usual. The lake looks dark, and solid material (land) shows up as white. But in 2012 a new feature appeared, just off shore! It disappeared, but then turned up again in radar maps taken in 2014 … but shaped differently.
What the what? What are we seeing here? Fun answer: No one knows.
Scientists have apparently ruled out errors in the imaging techniques or artifacts in the detector, meaning whatever this thing is, it's real.
Same as above, but with a newer image from 2014, showing how the event, whatever it is, has changed shape. Photo by NASA/JPL-Caltech/ASI/Cornell
It could be any number of things. Clearly it's some transient feature, something that can come and go. That indicates it's probably not solid land. It could be waves, or some sort of solid material just beneath the surface (methane ice)?
My first thought was bubbles, and I was pleased to see this on the list of candidates. Titan has seasons, and summer is coming for the moon's northern hemisphere. The warming temperatures could be releasing bubbles buried in sediment under the lakes, for example, or the liquid could be warming up enough to release dissolved gases.
Right now no one knows, which is wonderful. A mystery! And it's a good one.* Saturn and its system are full of ‘em. But what this does show is that even in the outer solar system, where temperatures reach a balmy -180° C, worlds can still be dynamic, interesting places. So much so that even after 10 years in orbit there, Cassini still has the ability to amaze and delight us.
*I'll admit I'm still hoping for sea monsters. The biggest lake on Titan is named Kraken Mare!
Thousands of workers have protested in Rome and other Italian cities against planned spending cuts in the government's new budget.
The demonstrations took place on Friday alongside a nationwide strike, which has halted many transport services.
Unions say the spending cuts, especially to transport budgets, will bring more hardship in a country that has been badly affected by the global economic crisis of the last few years.
Other critics say that planned tax reforms do too little to make a difference.
Further anti-austerity protests are planned for Saturday, with unions expected to announce bigger demonstrations next week.
Deficit target
The government said its spending cuts would be good for Italy in the long run, and will to reduce the budget deficit.
"We have to work our way out of the crisis one step at a time," Prime Minister Enrico Letta said. "This is a budget that for the first time in many years does not cut health spending or social services, and above all lowers taxes."
The budget, presented to the European Commission on Tuesday, has been met by a wave of criticism from all parties.
Many believe promises to cut payroll taxes are too timid, and that Letta lacks the political courage to take more decisive steps.
Letta and Italy's economy minister, Fabrizio Saccomanni, have stressed they would welcome budget amendments.
But the political tensions and the government's weakness could mean budget amendments for larger and unfunded tax cuts, which would pose a threat to the goal of keeping the deficit below the EU's ceiling of 3 percent.
The team tested breath samples from more than 1,400 patients and identified 13 chemicals found in eight types of cancers, Crohn's disease, Parkinson's disease, pulmonary hypertension and other diseases. Each of those volatile organic compounds is present in varying amounts, forming a distinctive "fingerprint" for each ailment. "These odor signatures are what enables us to identify the diseases using the technology that we developed," says research lead Prof. Hossam Haick.
To pick up the presence and ratio of the chemicals, the team built an "artificially intelligent nanoarray" called the Na-Nose. It uses specific sensors, like one made from gold nanoparticles and another that uses a network of carbon nanotubes, to sense the different compounds. The data is then analyzed by an artificial intelligence system, which takes into account age, gender and other factors, picking out the right affliction 86 percent of the time.
That's not enough accuracy for clinical diagnosis, but it could eventually be used as a routine test to catch diseases in their early phases when they're much more treatable. "For example, in the case of lung cancer we can increase the survival rate from 10 to 70 percent by early diagnosis," Haick said in a video (above). It could even be used to identify people who aren't sick yet, but have a higher risk than others for certain conditions. Moreover, Haick adds, "it is available without the need for invasive and unpleasant procedures, it's not dangerous, and you can sample it again and again if necessary."
For years, wireless carriers made it all but impossible to upgrade your smartphone. Sure, you could pay the full price of the phone, but you could only get those wonderful upgrade subsidizations every two years. Now the wireless carriers are beginning to wise up and offer better upgrade options.
AT&T announced AT&T Next today – a new plan that allows customers to upgrade their phone every year. Like always, there's a catch. The surprising thing, however, is that the catch this time around is pretty reasonable.
Here's how it works – You buy a new smartphone or tablet from AT&T and agree to pay monthly payments on it. After 12 payments, you can either choose to upgrade your phone to a new device at no additional cost, or continue paying off the rest of your current phone. If you choose the former, you will start paying monthly installments on the new phone while the old phone is traded in. If you choose the latter, you will continue paying off the phone for a total of 20 months. After that, you will owe no more payments on your current phone.
“With AT&T Next, customers can get the newest smartphone or tablet every year with no down payment. That's hard to beat, and it's an incredible value for customers who want the latest and greatest every year,” said Ralph de la Vega, president and chief executive officer of AT&T Mobility.
So, what do these monthly payments look like? AT&T isn't offering specifics just yet, but it does say that payments will range from $15 to $50 a month. For example, it says that a Galaxy S4 will cost $32 a month. You can choose to upgrade to a new phone, however, after 12 payments, or continue paying $32 a month for 20 months if you choose to keep it. It should be noted that you can always pay off the device early.
AT&T Next is just the latest plan from wireless carriers that encourages users to upgrade. T-Mobile started the trend last week with its Jump plan. It allows users to upgrade their phones twice a year by paying an extra $20 a month. Verizon is also rumored to be implementing its own upgrade plan called VZ Edge that lets consumers upgrade to a new phone if their current phone is more than 50 percent paid off.
If you're liking the sound of AT&T Next, the carrier says that it will be available to customers on July 26. On that date, new customers and those eligible for upgrades can sign up for AT&T Next.
[h/t: DroidLife
Politicians from both parties swiftly condemned Sunday's mass shooting at an Orlando nightclub, although within hours of the incident their reaction split largely along partisan lines.
Hillary Clinton postponed her planned joint rally with President Obama in Green Bay, Wis., which was scheduled to be held Wednesday, citing "the tragic attack." In a statement, she decried the shooting as both "an act of terror" and "an act of hate."
"For now, we can say for certain that we need to redouble our efforts to defend our country from threats at home and abroad," Clinton said. "That means defeating international terror groups, working with allies and partners to go after them wherever they are, countering their attempts to recruit people here and everywhere, and hardening our defenses at home. It also means refusing to be intimidated and staying true to our values."
But while Clinton and other Democrats spoke of the need for further firearms restrictions and decried the targeting of members of the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community, Republicans emphasized the threat homegrown terrorism poses in the United States.
But several Republicans, including presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, said the shooting underscored how the federal government has not done enough to curb the threat of terrorism. Most Republican officials did not mention that the gunman targeted a gay nightclub.
Trump, who tweeted that it was “horrific” and he was “praying for all the victims & their families,” also questioned why it had not been prevented. “When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart & vigilant?” he tweeted. An hour later, he reiterated his criticism of the administration's national security stance.
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2016
About an hour after that, Trump called some attention to his own warnings about terrorism, tweeting: "Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!"
Later, Trump tweeted that President Obama should "immediately resign in disgrace" if he did not mention the words "radical Islamic terrorism."
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) said in a statement that he and his staffers were prepared to offer constituent services for those affected by the attack, but emphasized government officials must focus on stamping out domestic terrorism wherever possible.
He headed to Orlando Sunday afternoon. “Confronting the threat of violent homegrown ‎radicalization is one of the greatest counterterrorism challenges our law enforcement and intelligence community faces,” Rubio's statement said. ‎“We must do more at every level of government and within our own communities to identify and mitigate this cancer on our free society and prevent further loss of innocent life."
Speaking to reporters at the White House, Obama called on Americans not to "give into fear or turn against each other" even as authorities investigated what they are treating as a domestic terror incident.
The president described the attack as "a sobering reminder that attacks on any American — regardless of race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation — is an attack on all of us and on the fundamental values of equality and dignity that define us as a country."
[What Obama said: Shooting was 'an act of terror, and an act of hate']
As the federal probe got underway, politicians suggested that the underlying motive would probably ignite a new debate on at least one of several hot-button topics: gay rights, terrorism or gun control.
“Our hearts ache for all those killed in this senseless attack, and we pray for the swift recovery of all those who were wounded,” said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.). “While many questions have yet to be answered, the pain of this attack in a mainstay of the Orlando LGBT community is surely magnified as our nation celebrates LGBT Pride month.”
Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.), the only openly gay U.S. senator, posted on Facebook: "This was not only a horrific attack on the LGBT community, it was an attack on the freedoms we all hold dear."
[50 dead, dozens wounded in shooting at Orlando nightclub]
Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) said shootings such as the one in Orlando are part of an “epidemic” that “will continue without end if Congress continues to sit on its hands and do nothing, again.”
“I know the pain and sadness that has brought too many communities — Newtown, Oregon, Aurora, San Bernardino, and now Orlando — to their knees, and I can only hope that America's leaders will do something to prevent another community from being added to the list,” he said in a statement. “This phenomenon of near constant mass shootings happens only in America — nowhere else. Congress has become complicit in these murders by its total, unconscionable deafening silence.”
[In aftermath of Orlando, the right points to radical Islam, while the left points to guns, hate]
But others put the threat of domestic terrorism front and center in their comments.
Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) said in a statement Sunday he believed the strike was linked to the Islamic State, the Mideast extremist group also known as ISIL or ISIL. "I have spoken with the FBI and there appears to be a link to Islamic radicalism. I have conferred with additional sources and they think there is likely a connection with ISIS," he said. "So as we all mourn the senseless loss of life and investigators continue to learn more, we must remain vigilant and remember that if you see something, say something.”
Speaking on NBC's “Meet the Press” with host Chuck Todd, Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) noted that the ensuing public debate would be shaped by what spurred the gunman to act. Law enforcement officials and relatives have identified the suspect, who was killed by police, as 29-year-old Omar Mateen from Fort Pierce, Fla.
“If it is found out that this person was at least [inspired] by ISIS, then it'll probably be a terrorism debate,” Flake told Todd. “If he wasn't, it may be a gun debate. But you're right, it seems to be one or the other.
“A lot of us have been talking for quite a while in terms of background checks and tightening background checks, particularly as it pertains to those with mental illness,” Flake said. “And I think that that debate can and should go on as well as the debate on how to best protect us against those who were inspired or funded or directed by international terrorists.”
Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.), whose record on gun safety legislation came under attack during the Democratic presidential primaries, said later on the same show that the shooting provided yet another reason to revisit current laws. “I believe that in this country we should not be selling automatic weapons, which are designed to kill people,” Sanders said. “We have got to do everything that we can on top of that to make sure guns do not fall into the hands of people who should not have them, criminals and people who are mentally ill. So, that struggle continues.”
David Weigel, Anne Gearan, Sean Sullivan, Ed O'Keefe, Paul Kane, Mike DeBonis and Abby Phillip contributed to this report.
The Kennedys (Jack, Teddy and a bunch of others), the Bushes (George, George, and Jeb), the Pauls (Ron and Rand), the Clintons (Bill and Hillary). Is America – founded to put an end to hereditary monarchy – ready for another political dynasty?
Politico reports that Liz Cheney, daughter of the former vice president, may be following her father into Congress – or at least making speeches and otherwise positioning herself to make a run for office.
Before he moved to Washington as Secretary of Defense, White House chief of staff, and then VP under George W. Bush, Dick Cheney represented Wyoming in the House of Representatives, where he was reelected five times. (No, his most important role was not as Darth Vader, although he good-naturedly adopted the nickname.)
Like all good potential candidates for high office, Ms. Cheney demurs.
“Right now, I'm focused on the presidential campaign and getting Mitt Romney elected,” she told the Cody Enterprise newspaper in Wyoming, and she's doing that in many venues – including groups that could be very helpful in a campaign.
Cheney told the recent meeting of the powerful Jewish lobby AIPAC (the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee), "There is no president who has done more to delegitimize and destabilize the state of Israel in recent history than President Obama."
Meanwhile, in speeches to Wyoming audiences, Cheney emphasizes the economy.
"The difference between how things work in D.C. and Wyoming is that your credit rating is Triple A and the federal government saw its credit rating decline under the current administration," she told the annual dinner of the Casper Area Chamber of Commerce.
"President Obama has showed no intent or ability to put structural changes into place" that will help control the national debt, she said, according to the Wyoming Business Report.
"He formed the national debt commission … the Simpson-Bowles group … and has ignored their recommendations," she said. "The solution to our problems is a new president." And a strengthened Republican caucus in the House and Senate, she might have added.
Last month, Cheney appeared with her father at the state GOP's convention. It was Dick Cheney's first public engagement since he underwent a heart transplant.
Early in the Obama administration, the two Cheneys tag-teamed the new president over Afghanistan, claiming that he had dithered, meandered, waffled, and “seems afraid.”
(That was before Obama ramped up the number of US troops there, launched hundreds of drone attacks, and took out Osama bin Laden.)
On “Keep America Safe” (the organization she founded), as a Fox News contributor, and elsewhere, she continues to hammer Obama on national security issues, claiming for example that there is “no terrorist Obama is unwilling to release.”
All of which sounds like building a case for one's candidacy – and a possible antidote to the GOP's alleged “war on women.”
Is the former Veep urging his daughter to follow in his congressional footsteps? Hard to know, although one can imagine fatherly pride at the notion – and a desire to pass along the benefit of his political experience and wisdom.
"My dad always keeps track of my travels and media performances and gives me advice on how to do better or how to address an issue differently," Ms. Cheney told the Chamber of Commerce group in Casper.
Running for Congress as the child of a former member would not be unheard of or all that unusual.
“For a nation forged by revolution against a hereditary monarchy, America has always had an unusual tolerance for – or even embrace of – political dynasty,” notes Charles Mahtesian, Politico's national politics editor.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“In his book America's Political Dynasties, scholar Stephen Hess counted some 700 families in which two or more members had served in Congress since 1774 – and that book was published nearly a half-century ago, in 1966,” he writes. “At the moment, there's somewhere in the neighborhood of 30 members of Congress whose parents also served in Congress, or have a sibling or cousin in Congress, or who succeeded to their husband's seat. And there's more waiting in the wings: Seven sons of congressmen are currently seeking election to the House.”
And perhaps a daughter as well.
Borussia Dortmund's Mario Gotze has said he needs more time to get up to full speed next season following his return from five months out with the metabolic disturbances he says are now part of his life.
Having only featured in one competitive match this year, Gotze -- diagnosed with the condition in late February -- returned to action in July.
The Germany international joined his BVB teammates for the preseason campaign and played more minutes in friendlies than had been expected.
But he told kicker: "I can't come back after five months of rehab only to be at 100 percent out of the blue. It will definitely take time.
"The metabolic disturbances are now part of my life. I am happy to be back and to be able to do what I love."
Gotze said he was not completely cured and still used medication, but acknowledged that expectations were high and said that "in the first couple of weeks" it would make sense to rein them in.
Attention will be on Gotze in the German Super Cup against Bayern Munich on Saturday, and, writing in kicker, former Bayern Munich and Dortmund coach Ottmar Hitzfeld said: "First and foremost, Gotze's comeback is very encouraging for Borussia Dortmund.
"Hopefully he remains healthy because the investment in him must pay dividends for the club. This player, one of the best in Germany, is like a new signing for Dortmund."
Former Bavaria sporting director Matthias Sammer, meanwhile, told Bild it was "wonderful" to see Gotze back in action.
"I'd never expected Mario to return like this after such a long period of suffering," he added.
Stephan Uersfeld is the Germany correspondent for ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @uersfeld.
As an evangelical who worked in Democratic politics before entering journalism, I'm used to getting looks from liberals who are embarrassed for me when I use the E-word to describe myself. Confusion flickers across their faces as they instantly reassess my political leanings and intelligence. People who have known me for years start asking whether I watch Fox News and brace for spontaneous proselytizing.
And then there is the more dangerous sort of bias. A few months ago, while participating in an early-morning panel discussion in the heart of Manhattan, I was startled fully awake when a man stood up to declare that Democrats who reached out to religious voters, especially evangelicals, were akin to those who collaborated with the Nazis. I put on a sweet smile of Christian charity and counted to 10.
Comments like that explain why so many of us liberals who also happen to be evangelicals have stayed in the closet for so long. It is hard to overcome decades of suspicion, much of it richly earned by leaders of the religious right who used faith in the cause of a political power grab and in the name of intolerance and fear. But the lingering misconceptions are also painful reminders of the price people like myself have paid for staying silent while others claimed a monopoly on faith. And the country has paid, too.
That thought seems to have been on Sen. Barack Obama's mind last month, at the end of a presidential debate in Myrtle Beach, S.C. "There have been times," Obama said, "when our Democratic Party did not reach out as aggressively as we could to evangelicals because the assumption was, well, they don't agree with us on choice, or they don't agree with us on gay rights, and so we just shouldn't show up. . . . And that means that people have a very right-wing perspective in terms of what faith means and of defining our faith."
Amen. Democrats weren't just passive nonactors who stood by helplessly while the GOP claimed Christ for itself. Instead of pushing back against conservatives' insistence that Democrats aren't religious, the party beat a hasty retreat, ceding the high ground in the competition for religious Christian voters and discussions of morality. The religious divide in U.S. politics that emerged -- call it the God gap -- represented as much a failure by Democrats as it did an achievement by Republicans.
The first religious bloc that professional Democrats wrote off was the evangelicals, despite the fact that fully 40 percent of born-again Christians describe themselves as politically moderate. Then party officials started to steer clear of Catholic voters, spooked by their opposition to abortion. Michael Dukakis's 1988 campaign was the first in Democratic history to turn down all invitations to appear at Catholic venues.
Thus isolated, the professionals who run Democratic campaigns fell into a self-reinforcing spiral of misconceptions about the faithful. As being religious became not just declasse but downright dangerous in Democratic circles, religious Democrats silenced themselves. No one wanted to be lumped in with the likes of Jerry Falwell, who went on Pat Robertson's show "The 700 Club" two days after 9/11 and accused the left of helping cause the attacks.
But now, after 30 years in the wilderness, the Democratic Party is being reborn. The "Come to Jesus" moment was Sen. John F. Kerry's loss in 2004. Catholic Democrats, shocked at the idea that it might be impossible for one of them to ever again win the White House, banded together to push back against their church and their party. Religious liberals, angered at being left out of the definition of "values voters," finally rose from their slumber. Kerry himself called on his colleagues to get over their discomfort with matters of faith.
Most important, led by the two main contenders for the party's 2008 nomination, religious Democrats are publicly reclaiming their faith. I've gotten used to people coming out to me when I speak to Democratic audiences these days. "I'm religious, too," they'll whisper in my ear as they shake my hand quickly. Not long after the 2004 election, a congressional aide identified himself as an evangelical during a public Q&A. He told me afterward that it was the first time he'd "outed" himself in front of fellow Democrats. "How did it feel?" I asked. He paused. "A little scary," he said. "But good." Now he's one of a growing class of consultants who advise Democratic candidates about how to court religious voters.
The Democratic Party's decision to stop ignoring and start engaging the faithful is all the more striking when you consider that just three years ago, many Democrats blamed President Bush's reelection on evangelical voters. They e-mailed one another a popular Internet graphic, a map showing the "United States of Canada" (encompassing all of Canada, along with Washington, Oregon, California, New York and New England) and "Jesusland," which filled up all the other states -- an image that perfectly captured many liberals' us-vs.-them state of mind.
But since then, changes within the evangelical community have given the Democrats a better shot. Between November 2004 and July 2007, the percentage of white evangelicals who identified themselves as Republican declined from roughly 50 percent to 40 percent.
That dramatic slump was driven by a stampede of younger evangelicals away from the GOP. Christian colleges have become even bigger centers of political activism than secular universities, protesting the Iraq war and demanding that campuses "go green." A recent Time magazine poll of voters ages 18 to 29 found that 35 percent of young Democrats and 35 percent of young independents identify themselves as born-again.
After Obama praises torture ruling, civil liberties group appalled John Byrne
Published: Wednesday February 4, 2009
Print This Email This 'Hope is flickering,' ACLU declares The American Civil Liberties Union, which has generally been harshly critical of President George W. Bush and praiseworthy of President Barack Obama, has fired a torpedo across the Obama bow.
After the British High Court ruled that evidence of a British resident's rendition and harsh interrogation at the Pentagon's Guantanamo Bay prison must remain secret because of threats made by the Bush administration to halt intelligence sharing, the Obama Administration offered a terse statement seemingly expressing support to the BBC.
"The United States thanks the UK government for its continued commitment to protect sensitive national security information and preserve the long-standing intelligence sharing relationship that enables both countries to protect their citizens," a spokesman said.
In response, the ACLU's executive director, Anthony Romero, shot off a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asking the Obama Administration to clarify their position. Romero also issued a sharply-worded three sentence statement to the press, saying Obama has now offered "more of the same."
"Hope is flickering," Romero said in a statement. "The Obama administration's position is not change. It is more of the same. This represents a complete turn-around and undermining of the restoration of the rule of law. The new American administration shouldn't be complicit in hiding the abuses of its predecessors."
The ACLU called on Clinton to "reject the Bush administration's policy of using false claims of national security to avoid judicial review of controversial programs."
Romero's letter to Clinton follows.
February 4, 2009
The Honorable Hillary Clinton
U.S. Department of State
2201 C Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20520
Re: Clarification Requested on Position of the United States on Blocking Disclosure by a British Court of Its Report on Allegations of Torture
Dear Secretary Clinton:
The American Civil Liberties Union strongly urges you to clarify the position of the United States on the publication of the full judgment in a lawsuit brought by a Guantanamo detainee, Binyam Mohamed, in a British court. Earlier today, the High Court in Great Britain published a judgment denying publication of its report detailing allegations of torture. The High Court stated that the United States had threatened that full publication of the court's judgment would jeopardize intelligence cooperation between the two countries. Remarkably, the court reported that the British government claimed the U.S. position had not changed, despite the inauguration of President Barack Obama. We urgently request that you clarify the position of the United States in this matter.
Two of the British justices severely criticized the position of the United States in working to block publication of the judgment in the torture case. Lord Justice Thomas and Justice Lloyd Jones stated today that: Indeed, we did not consider that a democracy [the United States] governed by the rule of law would expect a court in another democracy to suppress a summary of the evidence contained in reports by its own officials ... relevant to allegations of torture and cruel, inhumane, or degrading treatment, politically embarrassing though it might be. We had no reason ... to anticipate there would be made a threat of the gravity of the kind made by the United States Government that it would reconsider its intelligence-sharing relationship, when all the considerations in relation to open justice pointed to us providing a limited but important summary of the reports.
The court's opinion specifically stated that attorneys for British Foreign Secretary David Miliband told the court that the United States' threat on the effect of publication on intelligence cooperation was continued by the United States, despite the inauguration of President Obama.
Specifically, the justices stated that, "it was submitted to us by Mr. David Rose that the situation had changed significantly following the election of President Obama who was avowedly determined to eschew torture and cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment and to close Guantanamo Bay. We have, however, been informed by counsel for the Foreign Secretary that the position has not changed."
The claims made by the British justices that the United States continues to oppose publication of the judgment in the Binyam Mohamed case--to the point of threatening the future of U.S.-British intelligence cooperation--seems completely at odds with both the anti-torture and transparency executive orders signed by the President. We strongly urge you to clarify the position of the United States and remove any threat related to the publication of the court's full judgment.
Please let us know if you have any questions regarding this matter.
Sincerely,
Anthony D. Romero
Executive Director
Caroline Fredrickson
Director, Washington Legislative Office
cc: Joan Donoghue, Acting Legal Adviser
ABOUT
The Hitchens Prize will be awarded annually by the Foundation to an author or journalist whose work reflects a commitment to free expression and inquiry,‭ ‬a range and depth of intellect,‭ ‬and a willingness to pursue the truth without regard to personal or professional consequence. The Prize is named in honor of the late Christopher Hitchens,‭ ‬a writer whose career was a rare if not unique expression of those qualities.‭
Christopher ‬Hitchens defied easy categorization, with interests that spanned the whole landscape of cultural and political topics, and views that crossed conventional fault lines and left him with no firm anchor to the left or right. The Prize, in any event, is not intended, ‬if it were even possible,‭ ‬to identify writers who align closely with Christopher‭ ‬Hitchens,‭ ‬nor to celebrate his views in every particular.‭ Rather,‭ ‬the Prize seeks to advance what he was dedicated to throughout his life: vigorous,‭ ‬honest, and open public debate and discussion,‭ ‬with no tolerance of orthodoxy,‭ ‬no reverence for authority,‭ ‬and a belief in reasoned dialogue as the best path to the truth.‭
DVRF has selected author and activist Masha Gessen for the 2018 Hitchens Prize.
Previous Winners:
2017 - Graydon Carter, Editor
2016 - Marty Baron, Executive Editor of the Washington Post
2015 - Alex Gibney, Documentary Filmmaker
The Prize will be awarded at a ceremony in New York City, at a date to be determined following a decision by the Selection Committee. In line with the Foundation's educational mission, the Prize and award ceremony are intended to draw public attention to the values that marked Christopher Hitchens' career, including freedom of speech and inquiry, and the importance to society of civil, if passionate, discourse and debate. In that spirit, it is anticipated that the Prize winner's lecture will reflect on those values, drawing on their own published work or related topical matters.
Ethan Barton on December 20, 2016
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) officials refuse to explain why they let pollution fester at up to 302 highly-contaminated sites under their authority for years or even decades. They also won't explain what they're doing to protect people's health.
The EPA doesn't know what dangers exist at 191 sites, and humans face health risks at another 111, an investigation from The Daily Caller News Foundation revealed Monday. Pollution has threatened human health at up to 117 Superfund sites for more than 30 years.
EPA officials refused to explain why cleaning or even just assessing pollution risks has taken so long. (RELATED: EPA Let Pollution Fester At 302 Sites For Years, Sometimes DECADES)
“I don't think we will be providing anything further,” Associate Administrator Frank Benenati told TheDCNF after he was emailed the link to the investigation Monday. Benenati is also the EPA's chief spokesman. The EPA ignored multiple DCNF requests regarding the Superfund investigation over a three-day period before Benenati ultimately responded just hours before deadline. (RELATED: Find Out How Close You Live To Dangerous Pollution Under EPA Authority)
“Don't think we'll be able to make your deadline,” Benenati told TheDCNF in an email Friday.
The Superfund program was formed to decontaminate the nation's most polluted sites.
TheDCNF provided the EPA with thorough details about the forthcoming report, which included substantial data points that would be incorporated. A reporter also detailed the rebuttals that would be used to counter explanations the agency provided months ago regarding why Superfund decontamination took so long. EPA ignored these details and failed to provide comment on any preventative or precautionary measures it had taken to avert human exposure to contaminants at these sites.
A 2007 Center for Public Integrity investigation (CPI) into Superfund revealed similar findings as TheDCNF. The CPI also had trouble acquiring public information.
“Yet, the EPA has resisted releasing information about cleanup plans or the sites' danger to the public other than offering a list of the sites' locations and a brief description about how people might become exposed — information buried so deep in the EPA's website that it is difficult to find,” CPI wrote.
In fact, the EPA refused to answer CPI's questions regarding Superfund's secretive special accounts, which act like slush funds for the program. The EPA retaliated by later providing information to other reporters. The EPA has also withheld information from TheDCNF prior to the most recent Superfund investigation.
TheDCNF, for example, extended a deadline to give the EPA additional time to explain why a contractor received $2.7 million after causing the August 2015 Gold King Mine spill and how the funds were used. The agency internally crafted a response and a partial answer that was never sent to TheDCNF.
“It just slipped through the cracks,” EPA spokeswoman Melissa Harrison later told TheDCNF. “It was a mistake on our behalf.”
Follow Ethan on Twitter. Send tips to ethan@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Click here for reuse options!
Get the biggest business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new infantry transport vehicle for the British Army could be built at Merthyr Tydfil adding to the nearly 600 Ajax family light tanks that are already being made there.
General Dynamics, the company that is building the Ajax family, is this week showcasing its Piranha 5 vehicle at Defence and Security Equipment International (DSEI), the world's biggest arms fair that is taking place in London's Docklands this week.
Piranha 5 is being proposed as a contender for the British Army's Mechanised Infantry Vehicle (MIV) programme which is expected to provide mobility for the Army's new strike brigades.
It is described as “a highly mobile and protected platform with a payload of over 13 tonnes, providing significant growth potential throughout the life of the platform.”
It is modular in design and can be reconfigured quickly to accomplish a wide range of mission objectives.
Piranha has already been selected by Denmark and Spain for the modernisation of their armed forces and is currently in production for the Danish army.
Kevin Connell, vice president of General Dynamics Land Systems–UK, said: “The Piranha family of vehicles are highly reliable and in active service with Armed Forces worldwide.
"We can deliver Piranha 5 vehicles quickly to the British Army to meet the planned initial operating capability for the MIV programme from an existing production line, before transferring production to our Merthyr Tydfil facility in south Wales, creating significant employment right across our extensive UK supply chain.
“Piranha 5 is the best value for money solution to the British Army's MIV requirement, supporting British industry and jobs.”
The programme
The MIV programme was announced in the 2015 Strategic Defence Review. Although it is still in pre-concept design phase, the MoD is looking to buy an off the shelf design with a minimum number of UK-built subsystems such as a remote weapons system, communications, battle management system and seating.
The vehicle will equip the mechanised infantry elements in the new strike brigades and the MoD is expected to buy between 300 and 350 with an initial operating capability in 2023.
As well as Piranha, a number of vehicles already in service around the world have been mentioned as possible candidates, including STK's Terrex and the German-Dutch Boxer built by Rheinmetall MAN.
However, if Piranha is selected General Dynamics says it will be base at least some of the production in Merthyr Tydfil, supplementing the Ajax production already underway there.
Ajax light tank in live fire test
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The new strike brigades
If the MoD chooses the Piranha, the Army's strike brigades will be equipped with a full range of General Dynamics vehicles, most of them made in Merthyr Tydfil.
One battalion-sized regiment in each brigade will be equipped with Ajax vehicles in the armoured reconnaissance role, and another with Ajax in the medium armour role.
Two mechanised infantry battalions will be equipped with Piranha, and other Ajax variants could equip the brigade's engineer, logistic and medical units.
General Dynamics has a long pedigree and worldwide experience in delivering tracked and wheeled military vehicles, alongside specialist knowledge in complex, scalable electronic architectures.
Besides Ajax it delivers, among others, the Abrams main battle tank and Stryker family of vehicles in service with the US Army, and the Mastiff patrol vehicle in service with the British Army.
President Obama made his final appearance on "The Daily Show" with Jon Stewart as host. Here's a look back at some of the president's most notable moments on the show. (Emily Rhyne/The Washington Post)
President Obama made his final appearance on "The Daily Show" with Jon Stewart as host. Here's a look back at some of the president's most notable moments on the show. (Emily Rhyne/The Washington Post)
When I appeared on “The Daily Show” in late 2002, host Jon Stewart wanted to know why conservatives seemed to have a more effective message than progressives. “Are they better at selling their ideas, or they just have better ideas?” he asked. Although I disputed his premise, the Bush administration and its allies clearly had marginalized progressive opposition to the impending war in Iraq, and Stewart still thought of himself as an impartial observer. “Join us in the center,” he said as the interview concluded. “That's my movement.”
But it wouldn't be long before Stewart, whose 16-year run on “The Daily Show” comes to an end next week, became one of the most important and influential voices on the progressive left — an improbable icon who cut through right-wing talking points with satire while making progressive ideas sound like common sense. Stewart's show provided valuable airtime to views that were often neglected, even denigrated, in mainstream media, and made them sound appealing. And by reviving political humor on a nightly basis, he helped turn on young (and old) people to politics and broaden the progressive base.
The U.S. invasion of Iraq was a turning point in Stewart's career. While most of the media cheered on the war and caricatured its opponents, Stewart transformed “The Daily Show” from simply “fake news” into something far more significant: a place for dissent. As media critic David Folkenflik wrote in April 2003, “For those who like to see television take antiwar figures seriously — or at least somewhat seriously — there's really been only one sure place to turn in recent weeks: Comedy Central's ‘The Daily Show.' ”
Stewart mocked the media's coverage of the invasion by, for example, replacing the triumphant soundtrack behind Fox News's bombing footage with “tacky 1970s-style funk.” But he also found his voice and used it to push back against a dominant political and media establishment that gave little credence to progressive opposition to the war. “It's as though there's only two positions you can have,” he observed. “You're either for the war or against the troops.”
As the years passed, Stewart continued to question the logic behind the Iraq war and, indeed, the entire “war on terror,” perhaps most notably in his 2008 interview with former British prime minister Tony Blair. “19 people flew into the towers,” Stewart said to Blair, a strong supporter of the Bush administration's strategy. “It seems hard for me to imagine that we could go to war enough, to make the world safe enough, that 19 people wouldn't want to do harm to us. So it seems like we have to rethink a strategy that is less military-based.”
Stewart's contribution to the public debate was not limited to the realm of foreign policy. In April 2009, he hosted Elizabeth Warren, then a little-known Harvard Law School professor appointed by Congress to provide oversight of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP). During the interview, Warren explained that “pulling the threads out of our regulatory fabric” had led to the financial crisis and made a clear argument for stricter regulations on big banks. “That was like financial chicken soup for me,” Stewart responded. “That actually put things in perspective and made a little sense.” As Warren rose in prominence and became a progressive stalwart in the Senate, her political career was fueled in part by regular appearances on “The Daily Show,” where she was a guest six times.
While Stewart elevated progressive voices and ideas, he also was a vocal and relentless media critic. As the coverage of politics grew more trivial, polarizing and less informative, Stewart pleaded for a better discourse, famously castigating the hosts of CNN's “Crossfire” for, in his words, “hurting America.” And perhaps nobody on television did more than Stewart to define Fox News as the reliably partisan outlet that most people know it as today.
Perhaps the most remarkable thing about Stewart, however, is the vast influence he commanded from his perch on late-night cable. For a generation of Americans, Stewart provided a political education that helped shape their worldview. Indeed, as early as 2004, there was evidence that young people were increasingly getting their information from “The Daily Show” instead of more traditional sources. And for the past decade, public surveys have consistently rated Stewart among the most popular and trusted names in news. Although it's impossible to prove, Stewart is almost certainly one of the reasons that younger Americans are so progressive.
“What's important is doing something worthwhile,” Stewart said in 1998 before he took the reins at “The Daily Show.” Judging him by that standard, Stewart's tenure has been an astounding success. He made us laugh, yes, but he also encouraged us to think. He challenged the conventional wisdom and amplified dissent. He was a small-d democrat in the truest sense of the word, always holding the powerful to account for putting the public interest behind their own. That's his legacy — and nothing could be more worthwhile.
Read more from Katrina vanden Heuvel's archive or follow her on Twitter.
Originally posted on January 12, 2012
While male survivors of sexual violence face a host of stigmas, but none are as insidious as the “Vampire Syndrome.” This stigma claims that once abused, a boy or man will become an abuser, like how a person bitten by a vampire becomes one himself.
The “Vampire Syndrome” plays out in a myriad of ways. A person might warn a young man interested in working with kids to stay away because he is a “threat.” A therapist might gear their services for male victims towards violence prevention rather than support. A political activist group might put out advertisements featuring a little boy and the tag line “When I grow up, I will beat my wife.”
Male victims already face social stigmas about their masculinity, sexuality, and their very existence. The “Vampire Syndrome” just adds to their problems. As Dr. Richard Gartner explained in an interview:
The overwhelming majority of young male victims will not grow up to become sexually abusive men. Still, they are often very afraid they will be, even if they don't have any fantasies. Or they may think that their flashbacks of their own abuse are proof that they'll be abusive or are having fantasies. All of this makes these victims afraid to tell anyone since they think they'll be perceived as a potential abuser and not be allowed to be around children. I once spoke with a client that was afraid to tell his sons and daughters-in-law about a past abuse because he worried he'd be denied access to his grandchildren.
Dr. Gartner also noted in his interview that the “Vampire Syndrome” only applies to male victims. No one worries about female victims becoming rapists, pedophiles, or abusers. No one treats them as potentially dangerous or warns them to avoid children. To this point, when people talk about women impregnated by their rapists, they worry about those women bearing the rapist's child, not whether the women would abuse the child.
However, while this myth only applies to males, it does not come from one source. It partly comes from homophobia. Many people believe that raping a man or boy makes turns him homosexual. Likewise, many people believe that only gay men rape other males. As a result, some conclude that if raping a boy or man makes him gay, it will also make him a predator.
It partly comes from how the professional community talks about cycles of violence. Few mention that most victims do not become abusers. Few mention that most victims who never receive treatment do not go on to abuse others. Instead, the professionals talk about cycles of violence in the broadest terms possible. They leave the impression that abused boys and men will become abusers unless people teach them not to abuse.
It also comes from how feminists frame sexual violence. Feminists control the discussion on sexual violence, and organizations like Men Can Stop Rape and The National Organization for Men Against Sexism frame sexual violence as something only men do to only women. When they do mention male victims, they often do so in the context of preventing violence against women and treating male victims — and men in general — as abusers, rapists, and enablers.
All those narratives feed the “Vampire Syndrome” myth, leading people to accept it as fact. While terrible on a general level, it wreaks havoc on male victims. Many boys and men end up viewing themselves as dangerous and untrustworthy. They may avoid touching, hugging, or playing with their own children. As Dr. Gartner noted, they may look at their memories and flashbacks as “proof” of their perversion. They may not come forward out of fear of how people may view them. They may also mistake their normal sexual interests, such as teen boy's normal sexual attraction to other teens, as deviant.
As more male victims come forward, society will learn that many of the stigmas and myths about sexual violence against males are untrue. However, challenging the “Vampire Syndrome” cannot lie solely with male victims. As a society, we need to challenge these kinds of bigoted views because they help continue the abuse. They keep victims from coming forward, keep support providers from helping men and boys in need, keep the few victims who do become abusers from seeking help, and they make us treat abused men and boys like rapists rather than survivors.
The monument was erected in May 2008 opposite the city's large memorial to the six million Jewish Holocaust victims.
It is currently comprised of a concrete slab with a window through which viewers can watch a video of a "never-ending" kiss between two men.
Under the original plans, the video is to change every two years to feature two women locked in an embrace, meaning the switch is due in May.
But Alexander Zinn, a board member of the foundation that maintains the former Nazi concentration camps near Berlin, said such a move would distort history as there were no knowns Holocaust victims targeted for being lesbian.
"Historical truth must remain the focus," Zinn told AFP.
He has banded together with other Holocaust experts and fired off a letter of protest to Culture Minister Michael Neumann and Berlin's openly gay mayor, Klaus Wowereit.
Neumann defended the plans as true to the original concept of the memorial in addressing present-day discrimination against lesbians and gays as well as the plight of homosexuals at the hands of the Nazis.
"The option of using a lesbian film motif in the memorial is in no way meant to put on the same level the persecution of homosexual men and women under the Nazi regime," he said in a statement.
"Research shows that the persecution of lesbian women by the Nazi regime was not comparable to that of homosexual men. This is also clearly explained in a plaque on the memorial."
It is estimated that the Nazis sent between 5,000 and 15,000 gay men to concentration camps together with Jews, political opponents, gypsies, Jehovah's Witnesses and others considered undesirable.
Once there, few were killed right away. Rather, they were held under degrading conditions, and subjected to hunger, disease, abuse and exhaustion. Very few returned.
A jury is to take a decision about the next video used at the memorial in the coming weeks.
SAN FRANCISCO—Pointing out that there are very distinct criteria she looks for in a partner, area woman Christine Maloof told reporters this week that the men she finds attractive tend to be tall, athletic, and have hurt her in the past. “If I had to narrow it down, I'd say I usually go for muscular guys over 6 feet tall who've toyed with my emotions and broken my heart at least once before,” the 28-year-old said, noting that her past two flings have been with a former coworker who played in a local soccer league and who dumped her by text on her birthday, and a “super buff” bartender who whittled down her self-esteem over the course of two years with increasingly aggressive and controlling behavior. “I know it's pretty specific, but for whatever reason I'm just really drawn to men with a certain lean, powerful physique who have already caused me considerable anguish. Especially if they've got dark hair and brown eyes and have slept with my best friend.” At press time, Maloof was reportedly thrilled after spotting a cute jogger around the corner from the apartment she used to share with him.
Advertisement
Anime News Network's New York Comic-Con 2016 news coverage sponsored by Yen Press.
Anime News Network's New York Comic-Con 2016 news coverage sponsored by Yen Press.
Manga and light novel publisher Vertical announced at its panel at Otakon on Saturday that it will release Shuka Matsuda's The Seven Deadly Sins: The Seven Scars Left Behind (Shōsetsu Nanatsu no Taizai -Gaiden- Karera ga Nokoshita Nanatsu no Kizuato) novel. The company plans to release the novel in May 2017.
Matsuda wrote the novel, and original The Seven Deadly Sins manga creator Nakaba Suzuki provided the illustrations. Kodansha originally shipped the novel in Japan in October 2015.
The novel revolves around Margaret and Gilthunder. These two people know the truth about what happened the day the Seven Deadly Sins were framed for plotting to kill Zaratras and to overthrow Liones, but they keep the truth that would shock the country to themselves. With their mutual adoration of each other, they resolve to walk in the footsteps of the Seven Deadly Sins and grow stronger. The novel is a story that ties together the time from after the tragedy until the Seven Deadly Sins return to Liones.
Matsuda previously wrote the Shōsetsu Nanatsu no Taizai -Gaiden- Sekijitsu no Ōto Nanatsu no Negai novel, which shipped in December 2014, and Kodansha lists that The Seven Deadly Sins: The Seven Scars Left Behind is a sequel of that novel. Matsuda is also writing the Shōsetsu Nanatsu no Taizai -Gaiden- Nanairo Tsuioku novel, which Kodansha will publish in Japan on October 17.
Target is coming to Bensonhurst.
Barely a month after news broke that 18th Avenue's Annie Sez and Mandee stores would close for good, Target announced that it will be bringing a “flexible-format store” to the pair's former over-20,000-square-foot space, located at 6401 18th Avenue.
The new single-level store is projected to open in October of this year, following quickly on the heels of the January opening of a brand-new Target in downtown Brooklyn's City Point.
“We look forward to serving even more guests in Brooklyn with the addition of Target's Bensonhurst store that will open this fall,” said Mark Schindele, senior vice president of Properties at Target. “We think the community will enjoy the convenient shopping experience with a broad, unique product assortment that only Target can provide.”
The new location is set to include: a curated assortment of kids' and baby care products, as well as toys; fresh grab-and-go groceries, select kosher items; an assortment of apparel and accessories for women, men, kids and babies; select home items; an assortment of health, personal care and beauty products; a curated selection of electronics, entertainment and sporting goods; and more.
This is just one of 31 “flexible-format” Target developments slated to be constructed in urban and heavily populated environments over the next three years.
The unique double-storefront space was home to Annie Sez and Mandee for over 10 years. The stores announced their closing via signage posted both outside and inside in December of last year, explaining that the lease was ending and that “everything must go.”
However, a spokesperson with A & M (2015) LLC, the owners of the Mandee and Annie Sez brands, has said that “other Bensonhurst locations will be the home of the new Mandee and Annie Sez stores, and we anticipate opening in the first quarter of 2017.”
J.J. Abrams and Joss Whedon met on stage this weekend to talk storytelling, network television, and their formative geek experiences. Here were the five can't-miss moments from this high-concept meeting of the minds.
The big news of the Visionaries panel was Joss Whedon announcement that he is officially directing the Avengers movie, but the purpose of the panel was to give Whedon and Abrams an opportunity to talk about their experiences and influences as film and television storytellers.
Advertisement
In the spirit of Comic Con, moderator Doc Jensen asked them to share their own moments of extreme fandom, and Abrams revealed the odd prop he received after writing a fan letter to The Exorcist makeup artist Stan Smith:
Whedon and Abrams both explained what inspired them to become storytellers:
When asked about Super 8 his Steven Spielberg-produced project, Abrams talked about his first glancing encounter with Spielberg, when he was asked to repair the 8mm movies Spielberg made as a teenager:
In the wake of Lost's end and the cancellation of Dollhouse, the pair discussed serialized television versus self-contained episodes, and network television executives' reluctance to look at serialized shows:
They offered a bit of writing advice — or at least advice about dealing with writers — when an audience member asked about her brother, who has trouble accepting criticism:
These clips were taken from a video posted by YouTube user ecsmith34. You can watch the entire panel starting here.
As New York City's subway ridership has improved, journalistic shorthand has routinely noted the system, easily the largest rapid transit system in the U.S., carries 5 million riders per weekday. MTA New York City Transit now is suggesting that assumed number may soon need revision.
“Ridership on the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) New York City Subway system reached unprecedented milestones in September, breaking the previous single-day ridership record five times in a single month, MTA said Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014.
MTA noted, “Newly available figures show 6,106,694 customers rode the subway on Tuesday, Sept. 23, making it the highest ridership ever since daily figures were first recorded in 1985. Four other September days also saw more than 6 million customers, and the 149 million customers over the month were more than in any other September in more than 60 years.”
Said MTA Chairman and CEO Thomas F. Prendergast, “New Yorkers and visitors alike continue to vote with their feet, recognizing that riding the subway is the most efficient way to get around town.
“This is a phenomenal achievement for a system that carried 3.6 million daily customers just 20 years ago, Prendergast added. “s ridership increases, the MTA Capital Program is vital to fund new subway cars, higher-capacity signal systems and improved stations to meet our customers' growing needs and rising expectations.”
Subway ridership has grown steadily in recent years, approaching levels last seen during the World War II era when the subway network included more elevated lines, many customers were counted twice as they transferred between different systems, and far fewer New Yorkers owned cars, MTA noted.
MTA also noted, “Record-breaking ridership was recorded on September weekends as well. Fueled by ridership generated by the People's Climate March, 2,953,948 customers rode the subway on Sunday, Sept. 21, 2014. This was the highest Sunday ridership since daily records began in 1985 and likely the highest since the late 1940s.”
RICHMOND, Va. -- Robert Griffin III's day concluded with a two-play sequence the Washington Redskins loved to see. It ended with a Griffin throw, but that's not how it began.
Rather, in a drill where the offense had it first-and-goal from the 10, the Redskins gained five yards on a first-down Alfred Morris run. That success enabled Washington to still keep Houston guessing as to what was coming next -- and that left receiver Pierre Garcon one-on-one with cornerback Kareem Jackson. Griffin took advantage with a pretty fade for a touchdown.
Quarterback Robert Griffin III has shown some improvement early in training camp. AP Photo/Evan Vucci
It's what the Redskins need to be in the red zone: a team that can run the ball, slow the defense as much by making it guess, and stay balanced in its attack. But it won't just be the key to the Redskins' red zone attack, it will be vital to their game plan no matter where they are on the field. If they don't have a good ground game, it'll be a long season.
The pass provided a good ending to a better day than Thursday for Griffin and the Redskins' offense. At times he held the ball a little long, though on one occasion you can credit Houston's coverage. Griffin ran a five-step play-action pass with a two-man route downfield. The Texans covered both targets and the running back in the right flat (though he probably could have dumped it a little quicker; instead, nothing). Griffin would have been sacked in 11-on-11 work in another series as well.
And he made a bad decision on another pass that resulted in an interception. With end J.J. Watt looping to the other side, Griffin might have been sacked. It probably would have been better if he had been, because he then made a bad play by the offense worse when he forced a ball to a covered Garcon in the middle of the field. Interception.
There were also times when Griffin was unable to step into the throw because of quick interior pressure (as when Watt drove guard Brandon Scherff into the quarterback).
During the first 11-on-11 session, Griffin did connect with tight end Jordan Reed on a deep out and with receiver Ryan Grant on a long ball down the left side. Griffin threw it off his third step for what looked like a 25- to 30-yard gain (I was at the other field, so the distance was a little spotty).
In seven-on-seven work, Griffin missed on one out-and-up by Garcon; right decision, but did not get the ball out far enough.
Overall, it was a better day than Thursday -- and the Redskins would like nothing more than to have him post consecutive good days as the teams finish their work together Saturday.
Yesterday we noted how the parabolic rise in Bitcoins lately looks a lot like the gold bull market on a chart.
The virtual currency has taken a wild upward turn in just the last 48 hours.
On Monday, Bitcoins were trading around $35. Today, they're up to $49. That's a 40 percent advance.
The chart below shows the surge (click to enlarge):
bitcoincharts.com
This is actually part of a larger surge in the currency since January. The three-month chart below shows that just two months ago, Bitcoins were trading below $15:
bitcoincharts.com
Nick Colas, Chief Market Strategist at ConvergEx Group, told us that the surge this week may be related to a key step the virtual currency just took toward going mainstream. Click here for details on our conversation with Colas >
(HT: @binarybits)
A Tennessee high school journalism instructor has infuriated locals, including one school board member, after publishing a pro-gay profile of a graduating student in the yearbook.
Written by a member of the Lenoir City High School yearbook's student staff, "It's OK to be Gay" describes the experiences of openly gay student Zac Mitchell. In the piece, Mitchell describes coming out in public and being bullied, as well as cross-dressing and being "hit on by straight guys," according to the Knoxville Sentinel.
"It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be," Mitchell says of coming out in eighth grade. "The girls were all so excited and the boys were pretty much half and half. Some of them didn't care and seemed like they had always known, but some weren't okay with it." Later, describing his experience visiting Nashville, Mitchell adds, "A lot more people are out about being gay their [sic] than there is here...cross dressing was so much fun. It was funny, so many straight guys came and hit on me that night."
However, one person who is not OK with the article is Loudon County School Board member Van Shaver, who is calling for a criminal investigation of the yearbook's faculty adviser, James Yoakley.
"Some might think I'm intolerant toward homosexuals but that would be wrong," Shaver wrote on his blog. "If an individual wants to be a homosexual, that's their own decision and they will have to live with the consequences of that decision. What I am intolerant of is an adult, a teacher no less, inflicting their personal beliefs and sexual orientation decisions on impressionable students." He concluded, "I know many other parents and members of our community expect a full and open investigation by school administrators and law enforcement into this issue and to hold accountable any and all those who had a hand in this despicable act."
Some students also say petitions were being circulated urging others to tear the page from their yearbook as a sign of protest during graduation or to deny Mitchell the right to attend the ceremony, according to the Sentinel.
Yoakley, who has reportedly taught at Lenoir City High School for 11 years, admitted in an email to the Student Press Law Center that the reaction to the story had been mixed, but nonetheless praised the author of the piece. "The editor tried to capture the school from all the different ways and places students fit into the school community," he is quoted as saying. "She did it quite well. The gay student was just one of many 'elements' we covered."
As the Sentinel notes, however, this isn't the first time one of Yoakley's journalism students has faced controversy. Krystal Myers, editor of the school newspaper, was denied permission to publish an essay titled "No Rights: The Life of an Atheist," after it drew protests from some local Christian groups. Her piece was subsequently published in newspapers across the country.
Take a look at some unusual school suspensions below:
The Buffalo Bills have decided to retain wide receiver Leonard Hankerson.
NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported on Thursday that the Bills re-signed the wideout to a one-year deal, per a source involved with the situation.
Hankerson has a chance to see an uptick in playing time after Buffalo lost receiver Chris Hogan to New England in free agency. Hankerson joined the Bills late in 2015 after being released by the Patriots. Before signing with New England, he played in eight games with the Falcons last season. The majority of his production in 2015 was logged in Atlanta where he caught 26 passes and had three touchdowns before being released by the team in December.
The six-year wideout didn't record any stats during his first campaign in Buffalo but is expected to add depth behind projected starters Sammy Watkins and Robert Woods
In other news out of Buffalo, offensive tackle Jordan Mills signed his tender with the Bills, according to NFL Media's Rand Getlin, per a source familiar with the deal.
The Columbus Crew wants to put a 100-foot-tall sign along I-71 to display the name of the person or company that buys the naming rights to Crew Stadium. The Crew hopes to sell the naming rights for $15 million over 10 years, Mark McCullers, the Crew's president and general manager, said yesterday. So far, no one has stepped forward. The $2 million cylindrical sign, which would go up in the northwest corner of the stadium's parking lot along Silver Drive, would have a half-dozen or so rings that could feature the names of sponsors. The top of the sign would be reserved for the person or business that pays for the naming rights to the stadium.
The Columbus Crew wants to put a 100-foot-tall sign along I-71 to display the name of the person or company that buys the naming rights to Crew Stadium.
The Crew hopes to sell the naming rights for $15 million over 10 years, Mark McCullers, the Crew's president and general manager, said yesterday. So far, no one has stepped forward.
The $2 million cylindrical sign, which would go up in the northwest corner of the stadium's parking lot along Silver Drive, would have a half-dozen or so rings that could feature the names of sponsors. The top of the sign would be reserved for the person or business that pays for the naming rights to the stadium.
The sign also would have two LED displays that would highlight coming events at Crew Stadium. Each display would be 20 feet tall and 42 feet wide.
"The design is unique. It would be iconic," McCullers said.
"It's a pretty substantial sign," Columbus planning manager Dick Makley said.
Ohio Department of Transportation officials talked to the team about the sign's location and brightness but do not have any specific concerns, said Nancy Burton, an agency spokeswoman.
McCullers said the Crew could erect the sign without selling the naming rights if enough corporate sponsors step up. He said Mayor Michael B. Coleman's office is helping to find a company to buy the naming rights.
The team wants to place other signs around the stadium, too. The city's Graphics Commission will consider all the proposals on May 15.
The main sign also would need the approval of the Ohio Expositions Commission, McCullers said. The commission manages the property at Crew Stadium for the state.
mferenchik@dispatch.com
@mferenchik
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NORMAN, Okla. -- A growing number of students at the University of Oklahoma are turning to an unconventional way to paying for school.
According to the website SeekingArrangement.com, the search for a sugar daddy is serious business at OU.
The site describes a "Modern Daddy" like this:
"You are always respectful and generous. You only live once, and you want to date the best. Some call you a mentor, sponsor or benefactor. But no matter what your desires may be, you are brutally honest about who you are, what you expect and what you offer."
The site offers sugar daddies an opportunity to connect with "Goal-Seeking Sugar Babies" defined like this:
"Attractive, intelligent, ambitious and goal oriented. Sugar Babies are students, actresses, models or girls & guys next door. You know you deserve to date someone who will pamper you, empower you, and help you mentally, emotionally and financially."
According to SeekingArrangement.com, OU had the biggest yearly spike in enrollment in company history, up 266 percent from last year.
SeekingArrangement.com went online in 2007.
"A lot of students are having to choose between dropping out of school and having to find a part-time or full-time job to help pay for these fees," company spokesperson Angela Jacob Bermudo said.
Sugar Mommas are available as well, for the male student willing to exchange companionship for financial assistance.
According to SeekingArrangement.com, the average amount a sugar baby gets from their sugar daddy or sugar momma is about $3,000 per month.
The University of Oklahoma ranks 64th in the country for the number of students enrolled with SeekingArrangement.com, which claims to have more than two million members worldwide.
The intentions of Fantastic Lies, ESPN's 30 for 30 documentary look at the Duke University lacrosse scandal, aren't explicitly clear from its opening moments, when the mother of one of the three white student-athletes accused of raping a young black woman at a 2006 house party declares that this will be the last time she talks about the case that captured national attention and devastated more than a few lives a decade ago.
It may be the last time she and others involved want to rehash the eyebrow-raising circumstances that begat the Duke scandal—which yielded no evidence of said rape, but certainly exposed revealing outbursts of racism and misogyny among Duke's BMOC lacrosse stars. Fantastic Lies, paced like a true crime thriller and directed by Marina Zenovich (Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired), has other designs.
The 103-minute documentary makes its broadcast debut March 13th on ESPN—exactly ten years after the night in question—following its premiere Friday at SXSW. It wants to keep us talking about the case, the thorny legal inconsistencies that ensued, and the rushes to judgment that had those three Duke players all but convicted in the court of public opinion before they even went to trial. (Which, incidentally, they never did.)
Fantastic Lies chronicles how the controversy exploded into a national firestorm as Durham's prosecutor, its police, Duke's campus community, and sympathetic journalists took the accuser's distressing claims to heart. She had been assaulted by three Duke players in a bathroom, she claimed. Later, when investigators had her review photos of the team's 46 players, she identified two of them. How sure was she, they asked? “100 percent.”
The case, of course, eventually imploded, implicating an overeager media and K.O.-ing the career of an ambitious D.A. in its wake. But Fantastic Lies' resounding message is not that America should reflect even more deeply now on the sharp race and class divides that yielded such incendiary circumstances in Durham, N.C., a decade ago. Its message is that the world owes an apology to these resilient young athletes and their families—the real victims.
That, unfortunately, is an irksome underlying stance for the objective lens of any documentary to adopt. Some will compare it to Netflix's docuseries Making a Murderer, which similarly painted its protagonist's guilt as a sure thing before rubbing the viewers' noses in their own prejudgments.
Both recap the utterly complicated circumstances of a criminal case patched together on dubious evidence and transformed into a Full Blown National Issue thanks to a media machine fueled by sensational headlines. There's even a District Attorney with a shit-eating smirk who seemed to bask in the limelight, until that limelight made him a fool. Strangely enough, Durham County D.A. Mike Nifong—who was in the middle of a reelection campaign when the Duke case came along—bears an uncanny resemblance to Making a Murderer's Ken Kratz, though the two men look nothing alike.
Both also cast a searing eye upon those who rushed to judge the accused before the evidence bore itself out—which, in this case, was just about everyone, from the horrified public to journalists covering the case to the irate campus community to Duke University's own administration.
Nifong bears the brunt of the blame, an easy target seeing as his dubious conduct through the investigation, in which he deliberately ignored evidence exonerating the Duke players, got him disbarred. Adding insult to injury, the film even gets his former campaign manager to go on record slamming him.
“I knew in my heart that day that all of this was a lie,” says Nifong's ex staffer Jackie Brown of the moment she says she realized the case was bunk. When Nifong won his reelection, she was horrified and quit shortly thereafter. “I said to him, do you have any idea what you're doing? He said, ‘Yeah but it's worth a million bucks in advertisements!'”
Other than the three accused players and their families, the film lavishes sympathy upon the next most lamentable casualty of the whole mess. No, not alleged victim Crystal Mangum, the North Carolina Central University student and mother of two with a record and her own troubled history. The doc allows that she was already emotionally unstable as the world bore down its laser focus on her and her claims, but just barely notes that she could not participate in the film because she's currently in prison, serving 14 to 18 years for the second-degree murder of her boyfriend.
Playing to the sports-loving ESPN audience, the film bends over backwards to celebrate Mike Pressler, the former Duke lacrosse coach who resigned in the midst of what otherwise looked to be a promising season. Duke President Richard Brodhead, who forced Pressler's departure because of the scandal, unsurprisingly gets little love here. He's not interviewed, either. Instead, Zenovich interviews various Duke University professors, including those who criticized the school over its lack of accountability during the PR crisis.
Fantastic Lies is titled after the impassioned speech that Duke lacrosse co-captain David Evans gave to the press upon being charged with first-degree rape, sexual offense, and kidnapping alongside teammates Reade Seligmann and Colin Finnerty. None of the three appear directly in the film, but Zenovich makes effective use of interviews with their teammates and with their parents, who recall the disbelief, despair, agony, and eventual outrage they felt watching their sons falsely accused, their futures tarnished.
But in desiring to vindicate the accused, their coach, and the asterisk forever emblazoned on the reputation of Duke's lacrosse team, Zenovich leans too far into the kind of hero worship that makes bona fide churches out of institutionalized sports. It's disconcerting to see how easily it turns the panel of lawyers defending the three players into a “team,” indulging in sports metaphors to describe their exploits in the courtroom. You can imagine the producers high fiving the day they got one father of an accused player to describe his son's ordeal as “the most serious lacrosse game of his life.”
The most provocative interviews in Making a Rapist: The Game Of Their Lives aren't the ones with emotional players or family members, or the legal eagles who won freedom for their clients. They're the ones in which Zenovich probes the journalists who covered the case back in 2006, who look back on their reportage in hindsight with sheepish regret.
Jay Bilas, ESPN commentator and a Duke alum himself, recalls how he resisted the urge to jump to conclusions, suspecting there was more to the story. He describes a letter he penned to the editor of Duke's school magazine at the time, in which he openly criticized Brodhead and called for his dismissal. The letter was received by the mag's editor, who never ran it. “I asked, were you given instructions? He told me yes,” says Bilas. “They didn't print it.”
Dan Okrent, the former Public Editor of the New York Times, calls the debacle “a journalistic tragedy. To see how the best journalists in America could be so wrong about something…” One parent slams the entire press corps: “They didn't really care what the truth was.”
In an article titled “Remembering (and Misremembering) the Duke Lacrosse Case” over at Vanity Fair, author William D. Cohan suggests that even the comprehensive outlining of events in Fantastic Lies still does not offer a complete and balanced chronicle. He might know; he wrote a 2014 book on the subject and sat for his own extensive interviews with the filmmakers, which did not make it into the final movie.
“Instead of grappling with why there never was a trial and how the North Carolina State Bar was used to subvert justice, the film once again spews the defense version that justice was served,” he writes, “even though it was not, and that no amount of money, not even $20 million, could ever compensate the three players for what Mangum and Nifong did to them.”
But it's ex-newspaper columnist Ruth Sheehan who eats the most crow for her coverage. After penning a column calling out the Duke lacrosse team for not coming forward to name names and reveal the rapists in their ranks (“You know. We know you know,” it began), Sheehan did a 180 in print when the accused were cleared of wrongdoing. The filmmakers have her read out loud the apology she published back in 2007, before she quit journalism to teach at UNC. In this way, the Duke players get the satisfaction of seeing at least one journalist repenting, on film, for posterity, for her part in making their lives a waking nightmare.
Scott 'Owl John' Hutchison speaks out on the future + defeating online bullying
"You know, just the same old shit!" laughs Scott 'Owl John' Hutchison from the studio in New York, thinking about the typically macabre mood of Frightened Rabbit's upcoming next record. "It's never quite settled, my life. I don't know why."
Whatever you do, we advise, don't call the next album 'Same Old Shit'.
"It's not!" he insists. "It's not the same old shit, just a different colour."
Well, that's good to hear. While there's an unmistakably Scottish intrinsic melancholy that drenches all that Frightened Rabbit do, it has been a pleasure to behold the journey of F'Rabbit, always adding more colour to the corners as the scope of their sound grows with the ambition of the ideas within.
We catch up with the frontman at an essential crossroad in the band's career. Pedestrian Verse, the band's fourth album, was their first released on a major label. While the band had always dabbled in anthemics, this was the first time they'd flirted with the mainstream - culminating in becoming the band they'd always threatened to be; one that could headline Brixton Academy.
Photo: Gigwise/Justine Trickett
So, where do we go from here?
"The new stuff sounds sparser, it's less guitar driven," replies Hutchison. "I mean, for this record it's strange to say but it's the first time I learned how to use music software - I've always relied on Andy for that. We were writing remotely a lot and investigating the many properties of the software with demoes and it just has a lot more interesting sounds on it. It's less of a band-y sounding album, and definitely more pieced-together.
"Potentially darker as well, but we'll wait and see. The way that it's coming together, I don't know how it's going to sound until the last day."
The reason that Frightened Rabbit fans are so invested, is that their records are always very much a snapshot of where Hutchison is personally at the time - especially with Pedestrian Verse and his solo work as Owl John. The mood of this record hasn't dropped the darkness heard on 'Poke' and 'Modern Leper', despite Hutchison moving to sunnier climbs.
"Moodwise it's been a very difficult record for me," he admits. "There's a lot more darkness on it, which is strange because I've been living in Los Angeles and it's constantly bright. I've gone through various states of turmoil there and I think that's going to be evident. There was a little while when I was writing songs and editing out emotion, everyone was wondering if I was alright because I wasn't expressing anything particularly meaningful.
"These were demoes that I was doing at the tail-end of last year - then about three weeks before we were due to start recording, I went away to a cabin and was writing completely fresh on my own. That ended up being like a quarter of the record. I just poured a lot of stuff out, so part of it is going to be a snapshot of how I felt at that time."
But when dabbling in such brutally honest admissions of one's life (Hutchison has been known to sing of depression, alcoholism, domestic violence, loneliness and crippling self-doubt), is there ever a conflict in knowing that Frightened Rabbit will be returning to a much wider audience than ever before?
"Oh, I don't know about that," he modestly shrugs. "There's always that fear that you could have just lost everyone's interest in the interim period. Things move so fast and I'm a natural pessimist so I never think a lot of people will be particularly interest. I'll be happy enough if we can do the same as last time.
"For example, playing Brixton always seemed beyond anything I thought we'd be able to do. If it's diminished, I'll understand - people move on!"
And when can we hope to expect to hear new material?
"I imagine there will be at least be a song out by the end of this year and maybe be out on the road with a few little shows to whet the whistle, but the full album won't be until next year," says Scott. "It is a long time - it's going to be three years between records, that's the longest we've waited."
But in the meantime, with world domination out of mind, Scott has smaller fish to fry. This week he responded to the mindless berating of an internet troll in a typically classy style - by turning their hatred into an awesome t-shirt.
The band found themselves interrupted in the studio after receiving scores of bizarre criticism from an internet troll who slammed them as 'meat eaters fatties', 'furry brick built men', 'ugly fat ass man', being 'built like a cruise ship' and encouraging them to 'get caught in a housefire'. Fortunately, frontman Scott Hutchison has quite a thick skin and a sense of humour, turning the scorn into a t-shirt emblazoned with 'FURRY BRICK BUILT MEN: UGLY, HAIRY AND BUILT LIKE A CRUISE SHIP SINCE 2004'.
Have they ever received that level of scorn before?
"No, that was the thing that shocked me - we don't really get that," says Scott, before laughing "the worst thing we usually get is 'I really like your first two records but not the last two, do you want to stop sounding like U2?' It's non-personal, not an attack on how we look - and then this thing came in.
"It was last Wednesday, just checking the Twitter as you do, then we got this and I thought it was quite fucking hilarious. It was borderline brilliant in terms of the creativity: saying we were built like cruise ships, 'brick-built' was another one, 'furry' which I'm quite happy with - I've been growing fur on my face for like 13 years. It was weird."
Then, Hutchison was contacted by friends at Edinburgh-based company Something Something, and within ten minutes they had knocked up the t-shirt. Soon they were in production, and hundreds have been sold worldwide - to fans, and those who simply agree with the cause.
"It's amusing for us, because I generally don't give a shit if anyone doesn't enjoy the way that I look, but there is the other side where we wanted to give the money to this bullying charity called 'Ditch The Label' because if there's someone slightly less secure in their chubbiness then they could be more slightly more effected by that - the thing that trolls throw at more sensitive people can be really damaging. We need to say 'fuck yeah and kick back'."
Kicking back is just what fellow Scot and friend of F'Rabbits Lauren Mayberry did, when the Chvrches singer shone a spotlight on the heinous misogyny and generally deplorable nature of the comments she receives - many of them threatening rape.
"That's exactly it," nods Scott. "It's little people trying to exert some power, like Lauren I thought it was time to take the obvious power that we have and use it with the mass of people who are going to get behind us. That's the heartening thing that's been so wonderful, we've turned into a positive and I'm sure the troll will look back at it in ten years' time and think 'what a fucking idiot I was, but that's amusing'."
So has the F'Rabbit troll reacted to their campaign?
"I don't know if they're aware now," he smirks. "I've muted the troll, and because I blurred out their name I don't know if they got the traction that they were so desperately searching for."
If we can't have 'Same Old Shit', then perhaps 'Muting The Troll' would be a better name for album No.5?
"It is, ha! I'm writing that down."
- The t-shirt is available to buy here
- For more information on the Ditch The Label charity, visit here
Before the people realized that behind the "most transparent administration ever" there was nothing but double seasonal adjustments, drones and an impenetrable layer of propaganda and lies, there was...
And change, of course.
Sadly, at some point over the past six years the hope died, first for the people (if not the bankers), and then for the creator of the infamous "Hope" poster himself, Shepard Fairey who told Esquire magazine in an interview that Obama has not come even close to embodying the break with the past administration that Fairey and so many voters hoped he would.
"I mean, drones and domestic spying are the last things I would have thought [he'd support]."
But support them he did while crushing the much promised transparency and freedom for the masses, for one simple reason: money, the same reason why Fairey is almost willing to give Obama a pass, again. Money, and of course, power and control of the masses by the select few.
Still, the confused artist still isn't fully ready to throw away all his idealism just yet:
I've met Obama a few times, and I think Obama's a quality human being, but I think that he finds himself in a position where your actions are largely dictated by things out of your control.
A "quality human being" he may be, but when it comes to personal motives, money always wins. Just ask the Clinton Foundation. Even Fairey, who says he "agrees with Hilary on most issues" finally grasps that now:
... campaign finance structure makes me very angry, because it means that politicians are going to have to raise a huge amount of money, which narrows the field dramatically. There are only certain kinds of people that either have the preexisting resources or the willingness to work in way that will get them a lot of money from donors. That narrows the field right there. Then there's the idea that the people who you are going to have to listen to are the people that are going to give you the biggest donation. That means lobbyists, special interest groups, and corporations are going to have politicians eager, disproportionally.
He adds: "I'm not giving him a pass for not being more courageous, but I do think the entire system needs an overhaul and taking money out of politics would be a really good first step."
A systemic overhaul by whom? The same politicians who are nothing but "whores" to corporate lobby interests?
Or maybe the infamous artist should just blame the American public for agreeing to be swindled and manipulated by one liar after another, all of whom promise change yet end up merely perpetuating the broken, corrupt system they inherit from their predecessor and make it even worse.
Actually, that's precisely what Fairey did. This is what he told Esquire:
We also need a public that isn't so uneducated and complacent. I hate to say Americans are ignorant and lazy, but a lot of them are ignorant and lazy.... When you live in a place that has a lot of good things that make life easier, it's easier to take them for granted. But what frustrates me to no end are people who want to blame Obama or blame anything that is something that if they were actually doing anything as simple as voting, it might not be as bad as it is. There's a lot of finger pointing and very little action and very little research into the dynamics that created the situation that they're unhappy about.
Actually, about that he's quite accurate
However his message will be diluted and ignored, and the media will do is what it always does when facing a threat to the status quo: crush the messenger.
And conveniently, Fairey made it very easy for them: after all, and quite amusingly, his Hope poster itself was a fraud.
The artist was recently sentenced to two years of probation and fined $250,000 in 2012 for destroying documents and concealing others in an attempt to hide that he had used an Associated Press photograph as the basis for his "Hope" poster. And even more ironic, as Gawker wrote in 2009, Fairey himself was "lawsuit happy to artists who ape or parody his stuff."
Unfortunately, in retrospect Fairey's story is one of "tidiest little package" summaries of the banana republic status the US, and its leadership, has devolved to.
This article is part of ECFR's Wider Europe Forum
New foreign policy developments - including the Iran deal - may help free Europe from the shackles of Russian energy dependence
The EU's Energy Union, with its focus on the internal market, has a more pragmatic approach to energy security than ever before. It does not, however, address the basic problem (outlined in the 2001 Green Paper on Energy) of the EU's dependence on a limited number of external suppliers. The result may be an internal energy market that is so well-integrated that an external energy policy will be just a natural extension. However, in view of the new global energy context – with the huge US liquid natural gas (LNG) export potential and the recent Iran deal - the EU needs to balance its internal energy initiatives with a strong, long-term, outward-looking strategy.
The EU has always been good at identifying challenges in the energy sector, but usually fails to follow through on its own recommendations. Until member states agree on a common external energy policy, the European Commission will only be able to exert influence through internal, single-market measures. This is why Donald Tusk, now President of the European Council, proposed an Energy Union back in 2014, including a single mechanism to negotiate energy contracts with Russia and a focus on diversification in energy storage, infrastructure, and suppliers. The new European Commission was quick to pick up on the idea of an Energy Union, but has made little headway on Tusk's key recommendation of a common external position. Instead, the waters have been muddied by talk ofvarious 'virtual pipelines' which may well never be built.
Thecurrent Commission has many officials with a hand in energy policy: a vice-president for the Energy Union (Maroš Šefčovič) and a Commissioner for Energy and Climate Action (Miguel Arias Cañete). Various energy issues also come under Violeta Bulc (DG Transport) and Elżbieta Bieńkowska (DG Internal Market). There is a working team on the Energy Union which includes all these people along with the Commissioners for Research, Agriculture and Regional Policy, not to mention Tusk himself and Federica Mogherini. The official agenda is very ambitious. It seeks:
To establish an Energy Union by connecting infrastructure and increasing competition;
To prevent energy shortages, diversify imports and ensure a united European voice in negotiations;
To mobilise additional investment in power grids and improve energy efficiency;
To ensure the EU reaches its climate and energy targets.
This agenda mirrors previous EU initiatives, from the Single Market to the Energy Community. Tusk's most contentious idea of a common EU gas-purchasing platform has been dropped, indicating that it was a step too far for some. There is only a vague reference to Šefčovič's responsibility to ‘ensure a united European voice in negotiations'. And given the history of the EU's energy policy, it is unlikely that member states will cede much control over the energy sector to Brussels.
A key idea for the Energy Union was to end Russia's energy stranglehold. During the two Russian–Ukrainian energy spats back in 2006 and 2009, it was south-east Europe that was the hardest hit. With the crisis in Ukraine, the region can only become more vulnerable to another Russian gas cut. Central and east European countries (and Finland) are wholly or partially dependent on Russian gas. And almost half the EU's gas imports from the east flow through Ukraine. So Moscow holds all the cards for now and its recent response to Ukraine's Euromaidan shows that its foreign policy in general and its energy policy in particular are unpredictable. All this make a more focused approach to a common energy policy more urgent than ever for the EU.
Brussels should look at the changing global energy environment for solutions. The recent deal with Iran could provide much-needed diversification in supply, with Tehranpossiblya more reliable gas supplier than others (eg. Turkmenistan in the case ofNabucco).The ‘race for Iran's future riches' is already on, with the Germans, French and British at its forefront. LNG ‘blitz' exports from the US are another potential avenue. LNG terminals are being built in Lithuania and Poland and the first shipments may happen this year. To speed this process up, the EU should invest more financial and political capital in new terminals.
Work on the Trans-Adriatic Pipeline (TAP) has already begun. It will bring Caspian gas through a number of interconnectors to Turkey, Greece, Albania, Italy, and maybe also the Balkans. This is important for Europe as pipelines are also a tool of foreign policy. Common infrastructure projects in the Western Balkans like TAP could spill over into closer co-operation in other areas. This makes TAP more than just an exercise in diversification of supply; it could be an element of the EU's neighbourhood policy. It could also be used to bring Iranian gas to Europe one day.
The problem with all these big ideas is that member states tend to treat energy policy as a fundamental element of national sovereignty. Tusk's ambitious agenda is being gradually watered down and this could be damaging not only for the EU, but also for its neighbours. Even under Western sanctions, the Kremlin has shown a readiness to explore any weakness in EU policy which is why Brussels is putting so much focus on energy diplomacy. To avoid a repeat of the failed flagship project Nabucco, the EU needs a more prominent external dimension of the Energy Union, taking advantage of new global energy realities in the US and the Middle East, and also closer to home with TAP. This would complement the grand idea set out 15 years ago in the Green Paper on Energy which compared the EU's dependence on energy suppliers to Gulliver's imprisonment by the Lilliputians in Jonathan Swift's famous novel. In the end, in order to be released from his chains Gulliver needed the right set of circumstances. These may well be in place now.
Jarosław Wiśniewski specialises in energy security, international securityand European politics. He has worked as a consultant for the European Commission, Council of Europe, and other institutions in the EU, South Caucasus and South-East Europe.
Read more on: Wider Europe Forum,Wider Europe,Western Balkans,Turkey,EaP
Review: Inter Arma, 'Paradise Gallows'
Note: NPR's First Listen audio comes down after the album is released. However, you can still listen with the Spotify playlist at the bottom of the page.
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
Since the early 2000s, Orion Landau has been the in-house designer for Relapse Records, giving the metal label a distinct visual identity that spans album covers for the likes of High On Fire's Surrounded By Thieves, Rwake's Voices Of Omens, Jucifer's L'Autrichienne and practically every Obscura record. Paradise Gallows is now Landau's third cover for Inter Arma. He paints a collapsing ship on turbulent waves, just minutes from land, with a man hanging from its still-intact bow, but the sky burns warm colors as the sun sets and the night sky offers a cosmic embrace. The image fits the Richmond metal band, which is stately and bold in its heft, lyrically dark yet affirming in the long-term arc of existence.
Those qualities have marked Inter Arma ever since its 2010 debut, as the band ingests all manner of metal to pull back on a heavy and psychedelic experience. After the dramatic twin-lead guitar heroics of the "Nomini" intro, "An Archer In The Emptiness" is Inter Arma in full-on death-doom mode, with riffs that summon frost giants from their slumber, cut across by T.J. Childers' shuffling blast beats, Mike Paparo's molten-lava growl and a closing guitar solo that recalls the echoing madness of Autopsy. But unlike his gore-obsessed peers, Paparo lyrically engages with death, solitude and the passing of time: "Oh, how I long / For a slumber so true / Beyond the ceaseless din / Of man's loathsome song." Throughout the album, Paparo recognizes the existential (and brutal) angst of 17th-century English-style poetry, though he filters it through the perspective of a dude in the South who sighs with an earth-shaking howl. In one of the band's first forays into "clean" (read: not screamed, growled or howled) vocals, the doomy and proggy title track looks back on the follies and failures of youth — "Time, have you forgotten my sullied name?" — with riffs that build melody in aching slow motion and a guitar solo that bends and squeals through a cathedral of organ swells.
Inter Arma has often been compared to the graceful and boundary-free Neurosis, and not unfairly. But with Paradise Gallows, that similarity becomes more philosophical than aesthetic. In "The Summer Drones" — a lumbering piece of progressive sludge metal indebted to the Neurosis groove — we're lulled into a drawled Southern boogie. If anything, Inter Arma's embrace of blazing, clustered chords and rhythms (see: "An Archer In The Emptiness" and the scorching album highlight "Violent Constellations") speak more to the pulsing darkness of Tom G. Warrior (Celtic Frost, Triptykon) or the black-metal weirdness of Blut Aus Nord, but with avant-thrash flourishes that buzz and burn with frenetic energy.
At 71 minutes, there's much to absorb here. This is, after all, a band that called 2014's The Cavern, a single 45-minute track, an EP. This is a huge record in scope and sound, with instrumental passages that take their time even as they destroy. With Paradise Gallows, Inter Arma both expands and contracts the realms of extremity.
The data behind the search for MH370: Phase One data released
Geoscience Australia is today releasing the sea floor mapping data collected during the first phase of the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
The search for MH370 involved collecting large volumes of data in a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean. The search was conducted in two phases - the first phase was a survey to collect bathymetry data, or data of the sea floor topography, to develop maps of the sea floor in the search area. These maps were used to safely guide the second phase of the search, the underwater search.
Australia, with the support of Malaysia and the People's Republic of China, committed to releasing the data acquired during the two phases of the search to the public. Geoscience Australia is delivering the data on behalf of the Australian Government, with Phase One released today and Phase Two being released in mid-2018.
According to the Chief of Geoscience Australia's Environmental Geoscience Division, Dr Stuart Minchin, the release of the data is especially significant given the vast quantities that were collected and processed throughout the search.
"Geoscience Australia has been involved in the search for the missing aircraft since early on. With more than 50 years' experience in marine surveys, we provided advice to the Australian Transport Safety Bureau on procurement and planning for the search for MH370. We have also been responsible for the processing and analysis of the two phases of search data," Dr Minchin said.
Geoscience Australia has launched an interactive story map for users to learn more about the search for MH370 and to explore the Phase One data.
"It is estimated that only 10 to 15 per cent of the world's oceans have been surveyed with the kind of technology used in the search for MH370, making this remote part of the Indian Ocean among the most thoroughly-mapped regions of the deep ocean on the planet. So this data is unique both because of the remote location of the search area, and because of the sheer scale of the area surveyed."
The data was collected for the sole purpose of locating the missing aircraft, but, as it is some of the first high resolution data of this region, it will also be valuable to the scientific community. The Phase One data shows the sea floor in never-before-seen detail, revealing ridges six kilometres wide and 15 kilometres long that rise 1500 metres above the sea floor, and fault valleys 1200 metres deep and five kilometres wide.
"This data will contribute to a greater understanding of the geology of the deep ocean and the complex processes that occur there; it will be important for a range of future scientific research, including oceanographic and habitat modelling. While tragically the aircraft has not yet been found, I am proud we could bring the organisation's expertise to bear on such important work", Dr Minchin said.
"It was important for us at Geoscience Australia to make sure we delivered this data so that it is accessible to a range of users, not only experts. We have launched an interactive story map for the public to explore the data and learn more about the search for MH370. For more experienced users, the Phase One data is available through two data visualisation platforms on our website to interrogate the data in different ways. And the National Computational Infrastructure Australia is hosting the full 'raw' data for experts to download."
More information on the release of the Phase One data is available on the Geoscience Australia website.
The week in .NET – .NET Architecture, .NET Core 2.0 status, Happy Birthday .NET with Matt Gertz, On .NET with Don Schenck on Red Hat, Fable
Bertrand
Previous posts:
.NET Architecture
There's a new .NET Architecture web site, where you'll find practical advice, best practices, and sample applications to help you implement different application patterns using .NET. Check it out!
.NET Core 2.0 status
2.0 bugs are mostly under control and we think we will hit our zero-bugs goal on 5/10 with the following exceptions:
Non-code bugs (e.g. documentation, infrastructure) which are needed for 2.0 are exempt from the zero-bugs-goal (label:Post-ZBB) – right now we have only 13 such bugs
The Networking team is tracking a few costly work items and will slip some of them until after 5/10
Recent work includes:
Running all our test assets against .NET Framework to identify compat differences – we have found and fixed several
Hardening our test assets, to reduce noise in CI / PR legs validation
Running all our tests under “GCStress”, to catch reliability issues in-house
Started testing on portable Linux builds (binaries that can be run on most Linux distros)
We reviewed all PlatformNotSupportedException in our code to ensure they are there on purpose
We reviewed all Linux-only disabled tests, to ensure they are by design
We started eliminating dead code (identified by ILLink tooling)
We re-enabled test runs on Windows Nano
Happy Birthday .NET with Matt Gertz
Matt Gertz is a group software engineering manager driving the developer experience for C#, Visual Basic, and F#. Matt has had a long, illustrious career at Microsoft starting in 1994. The amount of knowledge in his brain about .NET and languages is stunning and he still maintains a laid back, approachable attitude. In this quick interview he shares some of his fondest memories (and lots of codenames!) about .NET.
On .NET: Don Schenck on Red Hat
Last week, Don Schenck from Red Hat was on the show to talk about .NET on RHEL.
This week, we'll speak with Alfonso García-Caro about Fable, the fabulous F# to JavaScript compiler.
Project of the week: Fable
Fable is an awesome project written by Alfonso García-Caro that compiles F# into (good) JavaScript.
Alfonso will be our guest on On .NET on Thursday if you want to learn more.
Meetup of the week: Cross-platform mobile application development using Xamarin and Azure in Charlotte, NC
The Modern Devs Charlotte group hosts a meeting tonight at 6:00PM in Charlotte, NC on cross-platform mobile application development using Xamarin and Azure.
.NET
ASP.NET
C#
F#
New F# language Suggestions:
There is much, much more content available this week in F# Weekly. If you want to see more F# awesomeness, please check it out!
Xamarin
Azure
UWP
Data
And this is it for this week!
Contribute to the week in .NET
As always, this weekly post couldn't exist without community contributions, and I'd like to thank all those who sent links and tips. The F# section is provided by Phillip Carter, the gaming section by Stacey Haffner, the Xamarin section by Dan Rigby, and the UWP section by Michael Crump.
You can participate too. Did you write a great blog post, or just read one? Do you want everyone to know about an amazing new contribution or a useful library? Did you make or play a great game built on .NET? We'd love to hear from you, and feature your contributions on future posts:
Send an email to beleroy at Microsoft,
Comment on this gist
Leave us a pointer in the comments section below.
Send Stacey (@yecats131) tips on Twitter about .NET games.
This week's post (and future posts) also contains news I first read on The ASP.NET Community Standup, on Weekly Xamarin, on F# weekly, and on The Morning Brew.
The rumours are true! The WordPress Admin Panel is now using Underscore and Backbone! This means that with minimal effort, we can begin to utilise these fantastic JavaScript libraries in our own plugins. This tutorial will show you exactly how you can do that. We'll create the Admin part of a Quiz plugin. We'll use a simple Custom Post Type to save Questions, and then within each question we'll add a meta box that will allow us to enter up to 4 answers and select which is the correct one. We'll be going through how to use templates, how to hook into click and key-up events, how to save data back to the WordPress database and most importantly, how to 'get your truth out of the Dom', as the creator Jeremy Ashkenas likes to put it.
I will say up front, that the plugin we are building in this tutorial may seem overly verbose for what it accomplishes. It will however, give you an excellent peek into the world of using Backbone and should you come across a project in the future that requires a complex user interface with a lot of JavaScript, you will be well armed and ready to bring much needed organisation to the party.
What We'll Do
In this first part, we'll set up the back end of our plugin. This will involve setting up the files and folders as well as implementing all of the features our plugin requires in PHP. We'll need to:
Register a Custom Post Type - for our Questions Add a meta box that will allow us to enter answers on the same page Save information from the meta boxes when the post is saved Save information from our ajax requests (via Backbone)
Then in the Second Part...
Once we have our back end set up, we'll then proceed to output the required HTML for our meta box along with the data for each answer in JSON format. We'll also write the JavaScript that ties everything together. We'll cover:
Outputting base HTML for the meta box Outputting a client-side template along with the answers in JSON The JavaScript needed to tie it all together
I hope this small series sounds interesting to you, and I'm looking forward to helping you get up and running with using Backbone.js within a WordPress plugin.
What We'll Build
This small plugin will use a Custom Post Type to save Questions. Then in a meta box, we'll create four inputs that will allow users to enter possible answers to the current question and select which of those is the correct answer. When an answer is changed, the corresponding save button will become active. When clicked, we'll use Backbone's built in model.save() method to save the data back to the WordPress database. Also, when the answers are being written in the inputs, the select box below it will automatically update its values as it will be looking out for changes to the models. All of these things are relatively trivial to do with Backbone and after reading this tutorial, you'll be able to start taking your plugins to the next level by using them within WordPress.
There's a lot to cover, so let's get started!
1. Create the Plugin
We need to do all the usual first steps involved with any plugin - create the files folders.
Create a folder called wp_quiz Create a PHP file inside with the same name Create a folder called js Create a folder called src
Your folder structure should look like this.
2. Add the Plugin Header
Inside of wp_quiz.php.
3. Add Hooks to Instantiate the Plugin
Still inside of wp_quiz.php, we need to do the following things:
Include our main plugin class Create a function that will create an instance of the class Add a hook to only call the function when the user is an admin
Putting the helper function pp() within this file will allow us to reference other files relative to the root of the plugin folder (you'll see that in action shortly).
4. Create the Plugin Class
Inside of the src folder, create a file called WpQuiz.php.
In this plugin class, we'll be needing a few different methods to accomplish all of the following:
Register the Custom Post Type Add a meta box Retrieve the content for the meta box and output both HTML and some JSON data into it Listen for PUT requests and save data to the database Save our meta box data upon regular 'save' actions
Before we write the methods though, we're going to be storing some information as class properties. We store this information at the top of our class file so that modifications are easier to make later on. The answerIds array contains the keys that we'll be using throughout this plugin to save data using the built-in add_post_meta() .
Add the Properties
Add the Constructor
First we register the Custom Post Type using another helper method (which will be seen later on) Then we are registering a hook to load our meta box We also need a separate method for accepting our ajax requests Finally, when a page is loaded we'll want to save info from our meta box
Add the Meta Box
Add the JavaScript files needed for this plugin - again using a helper method (seen later) Create a unique ID for this plugin based on the name of the post type Add the meta box using the properties we set earlier
Get the Meta Box Content
Here we are looping through our Answer IDs and constructing an array that contains post meta fetched with our helper method getOneAnswer . We make this new array so that we can encode it and send it to our template in JSON format - just the way Backbone likes it. We send data to our template using the $viewData array seen below. This keeps all of the HTML out of harm's way and allows us to work on it in a separate file. We'll take a quick look at the getTemplatePart method later on, but if you want an in-depth explanation about why I use it, please check out Improving Your Work-Flow – Separate Your Mark-Up From Your Logic!
Get a Single Answer - Helper
We are just returning an array of the data needed in our template. You can think of this as creating a single model that is needed on the front end.
Save Post
When a user clicks to save a post that our meta box is currently in, we need to do a couple of checks to ensure we are saving our Custom Post Type and that the current user has the correct permissions - if both checks are ok then we save the four answers from the meta box and the correct answer.
Save Answers From Ajax Requests
This is where we will receive data passed to the server from Backbone. We need to:
Access data sent as a PUT request. As it will be in JSON format, we need to decode it Again check that the current user has relevant permissions Go ahead and attempt the save If either Add or Update was successful, we can simply return the newly saved data and Backbone will view this as a successful save If neither were successful, we just return 0 to indicate a failure
The Helper Methods
Here are the four helpers mentioned in the above snippets.
canSaveData() - This just ensures that the current user has the relevant permissions to edit / update this post. addScripts() - Note that here we are ensuring that we pass the 5th param to the wp_register_script() function. This will load our custom JavaScript into the footer and will ensure that our JSON data is available. Also, if you are using the WordPress editor in your plugin, you do not need to specify Backbone as a dependency as it will already be available to you. I'm including it here for the sake of the example though. registerPostType() - This is something I use often in plugins. It just makes life easier when adding a new Custom Post Type. It accepts both singular and plural versions of the name because it's not always as easy as just adding an 's'. getTemplatePart() - I've never been fond of having mark-up inside of my methods. This little helper will allow the use of a separate template file.
5. On to the Front End
At this point, we've set up everything needed for our back end. It's time to take a break and prepare for the next part where we'll be getting down and dirty with client-side templates, JavaScript and Backbone.js. I hope to see you there - it's going to be a good one.
On this episode of Pages and Panels, Kyle is joined by creator John Arcudi to break down his work on issue one of the new series Rumble. The series is written by John, with art by James Harren and Dave Stewart and published by Image Comics. Rumble #1 sets the stage for an epic and intense comic journey in a perfectly written and beautiful drawn first issue. John discusses pacing a first issue, bringing characters voices to life, bringing importance to characters conversations and working in the creator owned realm. Make sure to pick up Rumble #1 in stores today and available online at Comixology. In addition check out John's other work with James at Dark Horse and also John's amazing series The Creep with artist Jonathan Case.
For more from John check out these links!
Rumble on Comixology
John on Twitter
Rumble on Twitter
John at Dark Horse
With the recruitment campaign for the next Canadian astronaut now over, Montrealers have positioned themselves as the most eager to take off.
The Canadian Space Agency (CSA) closed applications Monday and announced the numbers behind its quest to find its next two astronauts.
Of the major metropolitan areas in Canada, Montreal ranks first with 441 candidates.
That's ahead of the more populous Toronto, which has 391 candidates. Vancouver is a distant third with 256 candidates.
But when looking at applications per province, Ontario tops the list with 34 per cent of the 3,772 candidates, followed by Quebec at 21.5 per cent and Alberta at 14.7 per cent.
Three residents in Nunavut also expressed their desire to go into space.
Of all the candidates, 24 per cent were women and 69 percent were men. Seven per cent chose not to declare their gender.
The CSA revealed 7,793 people started the online application process, 3,772 of which were completed.
"It's a lot," Canadian astronaut Jeremy Hansen told La Presse Canadienne.
"I'm really please that almost 4,000 people are ready to accept the challenge of being an astronaut."
Hansen was also happy that more women applied this time around than in the past.
Canadian astronaut Jeremy Hansen said he was happy more women applied to become an astronaut than last time. (Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press)
Steps left before the space suit
Many more steps remain before the two astronauts are selected.
Candidates must first submit an online judgement and logic test.
The files will then be reviewed by the space agency, which will reduce the number of eligible candidates to 200.
After several medical questionnaires and interviews, only 40 candidates will be selected to undergo physical tests.
The CSA expects to announce the two chosen candidates in the summer of 2017 and begin their training in August of the same year.
Seattle Center to host Ferris wheel next year
To usher in its 50th anniversary in 2012, Seattle Center plans to host a 196-feet-high Ferris wheel next year, the tallest year-round wheel in the country, officials said Thursday.
Made by a British company and similar to the famous "London Eye" wheel, Seattle's wheel will be here for 18 months, through the end of the Center's anniversary celebration in October of 2012.
"It will enliven our new public space, provide an additional reason for Seattle residents and tourists to visit our beautiful campus, and help support "The Next Fifty" six-month-anniversary in 2012," said Seattle Center director Robert Nellams in a statement.
The wheel will have 21 to 42 enclosed, eight-seat capsules wired for air-conditioning and sound. Tentatively called the "Great Seattle Wheel," it will occupy the north end of the old Fun Forest spot, where the roller coaster used to be. Center spokeswoman Deborah Daoust said officials will work on permits and inspections, and that any significant environment impacts will be vetted at a public meeting in February.
Adult tickets will be $10 to $15 for a roughly 15-minute ride. Daoust said the city's cost to host the wheel will be minimal. The wheel's maker - Great City Attractions, from Birmingham, England - will pay for construction, shipping and installation.
Daoust said an expected 750,000 to 1 million people are expected to ride the wheel in a year. The city will share revenue with the company, but Daoust didn't have immediate details on the arrangement.
The wheel will be the tallest on the West Coast and the tallest year-round wheel in North America, the city said. A taller wheel comes out every year at the Texas State Fair.
Good journalism takes a little time. That's just how it is. In the old days – and I overindulged just a little at my 36th birthday dinner a few weeks ago so the old days for me were not so long ago – journalists used to talk to real people. Real sources. We used to check things out. Of course we got things wrong but by and large most of us did a stand up job, most of the time. We used to have some highfalutin notions that our work had value; that people used to read it and take notice; that we were more than the sum of our parts, playing some sort of fundamental role in a democracy.
But it was easier then. Us newspaper hacks had the day – or days in some cases – to do it. It was always a bit more of a rush for broadcasters, but the checks and balances of having to have a source on tape, or on camera, were there.
In an era of instant news, where Twitter is fast replacing traditional reporting as the main source of breaking news for hundreds of millions of people worldwide, the rules of engagement have been turned on their head. In an era where being first is all that matters, being right is unfortunately being left behind.
There have been many articles written in the last week about how “new” media is making a mess of reporting – most recently with the Boston bombings. But traditional media organisations have been getting it wrong too, like the New York Post, and CNN. Here are some recent articles worth reading on the subject:
First, from MSN News, which reports that there are unconfirmed reports that the New York Post's front page story ‘Bag Men' is incorrect. The Post had claimed two people it pictured had carried the bombs, but this was later proved incorrect. What is really interesting about this article however is a disclaimer at the bottom by MSN News, saying they do their best to report confirmed news, but in cases where they can't confirm news, they will report the rumour, tell you what they can about it, and what they can't confirm. They even have an email address for rumours.
Second, from the New York Times, where David Carr writes that CNN has been tarnished by repeated errors.
And third from Jack Shafer in his Reuters blog, who says news organisations have always made mistakes, even the good/big ones.
Shafer has some valid points – especially about mistakes – and if that's all it was, then I think we could all sleep soundly at night. But my concern is that there is something fundamentally changing about how news is being reported, and perhaps even the very definition of the word itself is changing.
These days, I spend most of my time talking about the media to bright, articulate and engaging young journalism students. One of the most striking differences, I guess, in how news has changed is the move toward what Alan Rusbridger has coined as “open” or “mutual journalism” The Guardian have pioneered it as a new way of reporting the world – an interconnected web where the story constantly evolves, where we are all part of the story, reacting to, updating, changing, and commenting on it.
I really liked the ‘three little Piggies' ad. But more and more I'm beginning to wonder what it is that mutual journalism is doing to traditional news values, and to news standards. Fundamentally, what is the value of a reader's comment? Or a viewer's tweet? Why do we care what our readers think? Most of the commentary is ill-informed, ill-judged, and (in some cases) ill-mannered, libelous, racist, and vile. Sure, crowd sourcing has tremendous value (as does curation as a sort of Richter scale for news events) but why do we need the commentary along with it? Twitter reaction is now reported as a valid news story. Re-tweets and comments about what is being reported are turning journalism into a popularity contest. Trending or going viral is now something to be aspired to. Some, though not all, news organisations are now conducting ‘hit counter' journalism, where what's trending and what's popular gets reported and what isn't. But in the race to be popular does the harrowing, the worthy and the serendipitous get left behind?
Journalism is not the X Factor. Some news organisations, I'm beginning to believe, have lost sight of this.
This isn't a rant against the evils of social media and to suggest that news organisations should not be competing in the social media arena is ridiculous.
Neither it is an attack on digital journalism – online has the capacity to produce better journalism than the paper version even could. Nor is it an attack on Twitter. Twitter is probably the most powerful tool journalists in the digital era have at their disposal. It has probably had more of a democratising effect than any other media in history. As a tool to disseminate and share, it has no equal.
It is the fundamental values, not the medium, that I'm referring to.
Not so long ago people used to walk around standing on soap boxes and wearing cardboard signs tied with string around their necks. We used to call them cranks. Now we call them tweeters.
Trust. It's a funny word. There's a reason I like to listen to National Public Radio on my wi-fi radio. There's a reason I read The Irish Times, the Guardian, and the many other newspapers that I pick up. I trust what they tell me to be true. A team of trained professionals has taken the time to source, to fact-check, to edit and to attempt to be fair and balanced. Sure it's campaigning from time to time. It's agenda-setting, absolutely. Columnists take a view, of course they do. Not everything gets reported and some of the reporting gets it wrong some of the time. But by and large I trust it.
But I can't and I don't trust social media.
I came across this video tonight on Twitter, it was re-tweeted by Mark Little, the former RTE US correspondent and now CEO of Storyful. It's a cartoon from YouTube, so just how credible it is, well that's questionable. But it raises some fundamental points about journalism.
Ouch! RT @markhamnolan: Journalism training in the post-Boston era, after the trust is gone: youtu.be/TihxEkJ_sR8 — mark little (@marklittlenews) April 23, 2013
Traditional media, particularly newspapers, are dying because the business model – built around circulation and advertising – is well and truly bust. News organisations are desperately scrambling online, and in an effort to stay relevant, are trying to compete in the social media sphere. But the real value that traditional media can best bring is to be a trusted source. Instead, more and more journalists are trying to share the space with the trolls, the ranters and the ravers. In an effort to feed an insatiable beast, journalists are swamping social media with volume instead of value. Journalists are trying to be first with the news, instead of being right. Traditional news values are being lost.
Never before has it been so important to have trusted sources; what we're getting is unreliable rubbish. What we desperately need now more than ever is credible, reliable journalism.
Alright. Let me pour a glass of Rioja before we start talking about treaties. Mmmmm, the robust, oaky flavour of European Court of Justice case 170/78.
Bleurgh! Back in the 1980s – seriously, the judgement refers to Blue Nun and Goldener Oktober – the ECJ made the point that that the UK was discriminating against wine, in favour of beer, by charging higher excise rates on the former. This classic of EU law ruled that wine and beer are comparable products.
Beer then wine, feeling fine? Yes, but they're “in competition because they are both beverages of low alcohol content suitable for accompanying meals or for quenching thirst”. So excise duties on wine were cut, making it more affordable.
That's a bit of a leap. So is a sneaky weekend away with Easyjet or Ryanair. You can thank Europe for that, due to the 1992 liberalisation of the airline market, which ended the era of overpriced flag carriers dominating European flights.
I heard that was a British idea... It was! But could we have made it happen without EU membership? Errrr, Non. Fares got cheaper, new routes were covered, and new airlines were set up. Just remember to print your boarding pass out at home.
So I'm going to drink my non-overtaxed rioja, fly to Spain and take some seriously smug #selfies when I get there. That's cheaper because of the EU as well. Since 2007, the cost of calls, text and data when travelling abroad has been forced down by Europe-wide price caps. Commissioner Viviane Reding – known for her magnificent selection of chandelier earrings – shouted at telecoms companies to cut roaming, then capped them when they didn't. The policy went further under the equally mightily-earringed Neelie Kroes, and the price has been going down ever since – like the luminous cocktails in your holiday pics.
Alright. I concede they may have done some useful things. Like equal pay for men and women, back in the seventies. That one's got an airline theme as well, because all the relevant cases started with the now-defunct Belgian flag carrier Sabena and an air hostess called Gabrielle Defrenne. And then all the cases on rights for pregnant workers...
Oh, marvellous! Maybe I should listen to Ode to Joy? No, although it has been the EU anthem since 1972, in a version arranged by funky beatmeister Herbert von Karajan. Don't worry, it's “not intended to replace the national anthems of the EU countries but rather to celebrate the values they share”.
Does it get played all the time in Brussels? No, in fact I can't recall it ever hearing it outside of this one amazing taxi with a very enthusiastic Greek driver. He has a CD of all the national anthems and puts on yours when you get in. Guy's a Brussels legend.
There must be some reasons we should be looking at the overwing exits. Yes, definitely – the EU is very far from perfect. Top of the list for most critics is the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). In his excellent book The In-Out Question Hugo Dixon calls it the “the ugliest EU policy” and it's hard to defend the scheme, which subsidises farms based on their size – meaning millions of pounds of taxpayers' money is funnelled to needy rural indigents like... The Queen.
Well, she's got a lot of regions to rule. Mmm, yes. Regional spending isn't great either: projects like the flat ski slope are favourite examples of euroskeptics, Portugal built miles of useless motorway, and local politicians love to splurge EU money on an airport.... which may never get any flights. In fact the European Commission has clamped down on state aid for ridiculous airports. The EU budget is also, since the Lisbon treaty–
No treatiezzzzzzzzzzz OK we'll do the budget, and borders, another time. The point is, leaving because of the CAP, fisheries policy (also reformed but still not great) and inefficient spending of regional funds would be like realising the plumbing in your bathroom is broken... and burning your house to the ground. As the wise Mr. Dixon concludes, we might as well stay in and fix it.
What about TTIP? The first thing to note about the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership is that these are by far the most transparent trade negotiations ever conducted by the European Union. That's because the parliament – which got its powers extended under the Lisbon treaty – has pushed for maximum transparency during the talks. The parliament is the one to watch here – in 2012 it derailed ACTA (remember... the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, which was going to stop generic drugs and #breaktheinternet).
All that stuff about it representing citizens' interests? Indeed. It's even put TTIP position documents online and set out red lines which were put in the negotiating mandate before talks started. They make the point that, done right, TTIP could bring growth and jobs to Europe by creating the world's biggest bilateral free-trade area.
Yeah right, I heard it's a ploy to sell the NHS. Well, EU trade commissioner Cecilia Malmström, who is actually in charge of the talks, wrote that “we will never agree or negotiate a deal that would limit the UK's freedom to run public services like the NHS exactly as it wishes... All EU free-trade agreements include specific clauses to safeguard public services”.
What about “our” commissioner, Jonathan Hill? He co-signed that article. The commissioners meet weekly – known as the college – to discuss what's happening. Though, according to one Brussels insider, Peter Mandelson found it rather dull when he was a commissioner and only went “to see what Neelie was wearing that week”.
See, there's nothing wrong with being easily bored! Right, it happens to the best of us. We can talk about what Brexit might look like next week, so there's Nor-way you'll want to miss that.
Director of Composite Materials and Technology Centrr, Mahmoud Mehrdad Shokrieh, has been ranked among word's top 100 innovators by the prestigious ISI Essential Science Indicators affiliated with Thompson-Reuters, a Farsi report by ANA said.
Mehrdadd Shokrieh is a faculty member at Iran's University of Science and Technology in Mechanical Engineering. He has been teaching as a full professor in the university since 2016. Shokreieh was also chosen as the top Iranian researcher in Mechanical Engineering in 2015. Among his other honours, one can also refer to the title of the top Iranian Technology man he gained in 2015. Shokrieh was also announced as ‘prominent Iranian professor' by the Mechanical Engineers' Association back in 2014.
ISE-ESI releases regular lists of top innovators across the world in each scientific field every two months. It draws on the latest developments in the scientific achievements at the international level. Some scientists are ranked simultaneously as top innovators in more than one list. At least 22 lists are published each time.
To rank a scientist as top innovator, the institute draws on their studies and theses over the past ten years.
Today, a mother can go online to reorder a supply of diapers for her newborn. A father can search for a new job to support his family. A daughter can apply for college. A grandmother can video chat with her grandchildren.
Millions of Americans do these things and more with an Internet connection every day. But imagine this Internet connection being just out of reach. Imagine the opportunity lost, the civic engagement forgone, and the disconnect created between the American way of life and the rest of the world. An impending tax on Internet access could very well make this a reality.
Since 1998, access to the Internet has been tax-free. President Bill Clinton was the first to sign a tax moratorium into law and it has been renewed by Congress every few years since. The current tax moratorium will expire on October 1.
So why is it so important to make Internet access permanently tax-free, and what is Congress doing to make this happen?
Without another renewal from Congress, the doors to discriminatory taxation on Internet access by approximately 10,000 different state and local taxing jurisdictions will be blown open. These entities have every intention of creating new tax revenues for their jurisdictions from Internet subscribers. To be clear, this is not a sales tax on goods bought online. This is a tax that would be levied just to get online.
Internet access is already expensive for millions of Americans who rely on it for communicating, e-commerce, education and research. This month, a nonpartisan Government Accountability Office report said that broadband affordability continues to be the most frequently identified barrier to adopting an Internet connection. Add on an average tax rate of just 2.5 percent to a broadband connection, studies say, and subscribership would be reduced by up to 15 million Americans.
And 2.5 percent is a conservative estimate. Taxes for wireless telephone services average more than 17 percent by comparison. This is not an unrealistic rate for Internet access, should a moratorium lapse.
Taxes on consumer Internet connections would work against our national priority of expanding access and economic growth. We know access to broadband can expand a country's economic output and increase efficiency. Income growth and lower unemployment rates are linked to adoption of broadband in rural areas. And gaps in broadband access cost our country $32 billion annually in lost earning potential and inefficiencies. Why stunt growth and opportunity with a tax on Internet access?
A new tax on Internet access would also disproportionately affect low-income Americans who already have a hard time affording broadband. Today, Internet access in the homes of U.S. families earning less than $25,000 a year is at 48 percent, and less than half of black, Latino and elderly people have Internet access at home.
Last year, Congress approved a one-year extension of this popular law. In 2007, the House and Senate passed an extension unanimously, an unheard of feat in today's Congress.
This month, the House unanimously passed H.R. 235, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. This bill has nearly 200 bipartisan cosponsors and the strong support of the communications, Internet and e-commerce industries. Most importantly, this legislation provides certainty to Americans that access to the Internet will remain tax-free permanently.
This sensible and effective bill, of which we were lead co-sponsors, now awaits a vote in the Senate. It will help to keep broadband affordable for millions of consumers and businesses. It will keep the Internet a pathway to jobs, customers and global commerce for citizens and "mom and pop" storeowners. It will keep the Internet a foundation for innovation in every sector of the economy, including education, healthcare, manufacturing, news and entertainment. And this bill will keep the Internet a platform for civic engagement.
It's time to get this one down in permanent ink.
Anna G. Eshoo, a Democrat representing California's 18th congressional district, is the Ranking Member of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee. Bob Goodlatte, a Republican, represents Virginia's sixth congressional district and is Chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Another version of this oped was published by the San Mateo Daily Journal. Thinking of submitting an op-ed to the Washington Examiner? Be sure to read our guidelines on submissions.
Product Description
Curious Egg Cuber - If your a fan of egg sandwiches, this is the gadget for you. Our curious egg cuber literally squashes your egg into a cube shape. First hard boil your egg, peel it and pop it into the cuber. Place the ...square squishier on top and screw the lid back on. Pop it into the fridge and leave to cool. Hey presto, a square egg! An ideal gift for anyone with children who need encouraging to eat egg, for chef's or for that person who has everything.
Manufacturer's Description
If your a fan of egg sandwiches, this is the gadget for you. Our curious egg cuber literally squashes your egg into a cube shape. First hard boil your egg, peel it and pop it into the cuber. Place the square squishier on top and screw the lid back on. Pop it into the fridge and leave to cool. Hey presto, a square egg! An ideal gift for anyone with children who need encouraging to eat egg, for chef's or for that person who has everything.
Andrew Burton/Getty Images With an estimated net worth of $23 billion, Alibaba CEO Jack Ma is one of the richest people on earth. His e-commerce company is now worth more than $200 billion.
But Ma's success didn't just fall from the sky. He grew up poor and was rejected from dozens of jobs before fighting his way to founding one of the largest internet companies in the world.
Now Ma wants to help others replicate his success. In order to do so, Ma's deploying a pretty unique strategy.
According to Jim Kim, World Bank's president, Ma looks for rural Chinese villages with no internet connection. Then he builds the infrastructure needed for them to start and expand their own companies. Kim explained it in more detail in an interview with Quartz:
"The latest thing [Ma] told me was, 'We're identifying the villages where there is no access to internet. Then we go out there, as long as there is a road and there is cell phone service—and there is cell phone service just about everywhere—and I'—Jack told me this—'I go and find two or three young women who are very savvy and have learned computers. I give them a computer, and they start taking orders for the whole village.'"
This helps that village in a number of different ways. First, it gives everyone in the village a chance to order things like washing machines online at a much affordable price. It also lets those "two or three young women" to carve out a nice little business by taking orders for others. But most importantly, it gives other businesses in the small village a way to reach a bigger market because now they have access to delivery trucks going in and out of that town.
"Now that the trucks are going out there delivering the washing machines, they are going back [to the cities] with products from that village, right? He is really changing, in a pretty fundamental way, the model of development," Kim said.
One of the beneficiaries of this model is Huang Jianqiao, a farmer-turned-online bag store owner who's banking $4.8 million a year in sales. Because of Alibaba's online platform, Huang has been able to build a business that sells and delivers to "cities and villages across China," according to AFP.
"Now we can stay with our family when doing Internet business, and we earn more than working in other cities," Huang told AFP.
Kim said Ma personally reached out to him recently to ask for assistance in spreading his strategy to other parts of the world, like Africa, South Asia, and Latin America. He didn't further elaborate on how they plan on working together, but Kim already seems pretty fascinated by the potential of Ma's strategy in other countries.
"People in rural areas who otherwise might have gone to the city or not found work are running their own companies, and these are former farmers," he said.
Wikipedia Commons
From 80 extra cents for a package of pecan panko to a $14.84 overcharge on coconut shrimp, Whole Foods Market may be living up to its widely used nickname, “Whole Paycheck.”
New York City's Department of Consumer Affairs said Wednesday that an ongoing investigation of the luxury food stores has found systemic overcharging of its customers for prepackaged foods. Investigators tested 80 items from eight Whole Foods locations.
READ: Why Organic Farmers Are Angry With Whole Foods
USA Today reports:
DCA Commissioner Julie Menin said the agency's inspectors called the Whole Foods investigation “the worst case of mislabeling they have seen in their careers.” “As a large chain grocery store, Whole Foods has the money and resources to ensure greater accuracy and to correct what appears to be a widespread problem — the city's shoppers deserve to be correctly charged,” Menin said in a statement.
Read more here.
–Posted by Jenna Berbeo
Each year, on the first Sunday of May, police members, political leaders and families gather on the grounds of the Ontario legislature, at a memorial made of granite and bronze, to commemorate officers who died in the line of duty.
The CN Tower is lit in blue to honour them, and their names, which are etched in stone for permanent remembrance, are read out one by one: all 257 fallen, including 41 who served in the country's largest municipal police force.
Missing from the Toronto Police Service's honour roll is Eddie Adamson, a former staff sergeant who took his life a decade ago after a long struggle with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Story continues below advertisement
The province's Workplace Safety and Insurance Board determined Mr. Adamson's suicide was the result of his PTSD and the board deemed his death occurred "on duty." But his family's pleas to have him remembered in the Toronto police honour roll and memorial wall have gone unheeded. Now, the Ontario Human Rights Commission is taking up the fight, asking the province's Human Rights Tribunal to order the Toronto police to commemorate officers such as Mr. Adamson in a case that could reverberate across the country.
Mr. Adamson's mental illness was triggered by the shooting of a fellow officer in a harrowing robbery and hostage-taking at a downtown bistro in 1980. Mr. Adamson led an emergency police task force to the scene, but he was ordered to wait and not storm the bistro. He could hear a wounded Constable Michael Sweet beg for help. By the time the emergency team burst in, the constable couldn't be saved.
Police members who die by suicide because of a mental disability incurred on the job are not the only ones among Canada's unremembered: Afghanistan war veterans who took their lives after serving in the mission are not memorialized in the same way as those who perished in theatre.
"We all still have this stigma around suicide. It's still taboo," said former paramedic Vince Savoia, founder and executive director of The Tema Conter Memorial Trust, which assists public-safety workers and military members coping with mental illness. "Nobody really wants to die by suicide," added Mr. Savoia, who was affected by PTSD and suicidal in the past. "It's the last step, God forbid, for some individuals who just feel they have nothing left to give."
The Ontario Human Rights Commission's application seeking recognition for Mr. Adamson was filed on Remembrance Day. That day, Veterans Affairs Minister Kent Hehr pledged to find a way to commemorate military members and veterans who killed themselves after returning from the Afghanistan mission.
The minister's spokesman, Christian Duval, said recently that discussions on the matter will be held next year.
A Globe and Mail investigation showed that at least 59 Canadian soldiers and vets took their lives after their Afghanistan tour. Some of their families have told The Globe that the lack of recognition has left them feeling as if the sacrifices of their husbands and sons have been forgotten.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The case before the provincial Human Rights Tribunal could have far-reaching consequences. The commission is arguing that, under the human rights code, the exclusion of officers who died because of a mental illness sustained while on duty from the Toronto Police Service's memorial wall and honour roll constitutes employment-based discrimination. The commission has stepped in because a previous human-rights bid brought forward by Mr. Adamson's family was rejected because the tribunal concluded his estate could not, under the rules, initiate such a claim.
If the commission's application is successful, Chief Commissioner Renu Mandhane said the ruling would put other police services and boards in the province on notice and pressure them to re-examine their criteria for memorializing fallen officers. It could also send a signal to other public-safety organizations.
"You could say this is just about a memory wall. But I think it actually is emblematic of something a little bit larger," Ms. Mandhane said, noting that the disparate treatment of deaths related to mental disorders creates a stigma and may dissuade some from seeking help.
For the family of Mr. Adamson and others, Ms. Mandhane said the desire for recognition is about "dignity" and "the idea that their family members died protecting the public good."
The Toronto Police Service is not saying much about the commission's human-rights application, after initially suggesting Deputy Chief Michael Federico would speak to The Globe about the issue.
"This matter is before the Human Rights Tribunal so we are unable to comment but we are determined to work towards a resolution," a police spokesperson said in an e-mail late Friday afternoon – more than a week after a request for comment was made.
Story continues below advertisement
Former police chief Bill Blair had set up an advisory committee to examine the matter, but the group hasn't met for some time, said Toronto Police Association president Mike McCormack.
The police union supports commemoration of officers who die as a result of job-triggered mental disorders, but is unsure of what the best way is to remember these members, Mr. McCormack said. Aside from the provincial memorial at Queen's Park, Toronto police maintains its own memorial wall in the police college's lobby, as well as an honour roll in the lobby of its headquarters.
"There should be recognition," Mr. McCormack said. "We think it's fundamental."
The Arrests Continue: 15 Men Taken Into Custody in Florida On Child-Sex Charges
Loading ... Loading ...
Police in Gainesville, Florida have arrested 15 men this month as the result of an undercover child sex sting operation. Florida police have seemingly upped the ante on their sex trafficking investigations, also arresting 114 suspects in Polk County in December on similar charges.
[Press Release] 15 Arrested For Soliciting Sex From Children During Operation “Resilient” https://t.co/a7m6rGVAQx — Gainesville Police (@GainesvillePD) March 28, 2017
The 15 men were arrested after being lead to believe that they were about to have sex with a 14-year-old girl, as reported by local news. The sting operation, dubbed “Operation Resilient” included the work of 46 law enforcement agents from 7 different agencies, including the FBI.
The sting lasted only five days, after beginning on March 15.
Now, the suspects are all facing charges of soliciting sex to children, as well as other charges pertaining to their specific cases. One man is facing an additional charge related to sending a nude photo to an undercover official that he believed to be a 13-year-old child. Another suspect is facing an additional charge of resisting arrest, after multiple officers had to be utilized to detain him when he allegedly managed to pull the trigger of a stun gun attached to the uniform of an officer.
The Gainesville Police Department has released a statement which reads:
“During the 5-day operation, multiple persons communicated with what they believed were young teenagers or guardians allowing sexual contact with their young teenagers, and 15 of those persons ultimately traveled in an attempt to meet the children for the purpose of sexual contact.”
Among those arrested, three were college students at the University of Florida. Two of the students were reportedly under the impression they were communicating with 14-year-old boys.
Other suspects received information that they were talking to the guardian of a 14-year-old girl, who assured them that it would be okay to have sex with a child.
The overall average age of the suspects is 32.
Not everybody who was targeted in the sting was charged and it seems as only those who made a conscious effort to meet with a child were arrested.
“Fifteen men made the conscious decision to get into a vehicle and travel with the intention of having sex with a teenager… I'm proud of everyone involved in this operation as they seek to get these offenders behind bars and away from our children,” Gainesville Police Chief Tony Jones said in a statement.
The good news, in this case, is that no child (that we yet know of) was exploited and these men were arrested before they could make that decision.
By Samuel Fisher
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
But he said stipulations set by UNC led to a tiresome and psychologically damaging six-month process that repeatedly denied him readmittance.
“I was diagnosed with (post-traumatic stress disorder) due to this,” he said. “I've been struggling with it ever since.”
During the time of his suspension, he was found not guilty of two counts of sexual misconduct by a University Hearings Board consisting of two students, two faculty members and one administrator in May 2012.
The hearings board was used during interim procedures after sexual assault was removed from the jurisdiction of the honor system.
He was found guilty of verbal harassment.
“I think about it at night all the time. It hurts a lot, especially when proven innocent and you are innocent,” he said.
When Gambill filed a complaint against him in February 2012 — four months after ending the relationship — the allegations were received by two separate University bodies: the student-led honor system and the emergency evaluation and action committee, which issued the suspension.
The emergency committee, composed of various administrators, serves to evaluate students who might be at risk to themselves or others, said Melinda Manning, former assistant dean of students and chairwoman of the committee at the time of Gambill's complaint.
“The point of the committee is not to punish students,” she said.
The emergency committee is used in all cases of conduct that may pose a threat to campus, Manning said.
“It's important to note that even though there might be an initial decision to remove a student, he or she always has a right to appeal at any time,” Manning said. “And they can do so repeatedly.”
But John Gresham, an attorney at Tin Fulton Walker & Owen who is representing Gambill's ex-boyfriend, said his client's appeal rights were met with unnecessary stipulations.
“He was told he could appeal but that he was first required to have a psychological evaluation completed,” Gresham said.
Manning said though the committee often asks suspended students to undergo a psychological evaluation, it is never required in order to appeal a case.
Gresham said that when his client went to receive his psychological evaluation conducted by UNC's Counseling and Psychological Services, it was clear that the evaluation served as more of an interrogation.
“There were questions asking him about whether he coerced Ms. Gambill into having sex with him and how he felt about having sex with her,” Gresham said. “The majority of the time was spent not following standard protocols for psychological evaluations.”
Gresham said his client, who was uncomfortable with the questions, failed to complete the evaluation.
He withdrew from the University three days later.
“He withdrew because there wasn't anything he could do,” Gresham said.
Manning said the findings of any psychological evaluation are only intended for the use of the emergency committee.
But Gresham said the incomplete psychological evaluation was initially included as evidence in both files for the University Hearings Board trial.
“I've been told that Ms. Gambill was read pertinent portions of his medical evaluation and was able to respond to them prior to the trial,” Gresham said. “A complete violation of my client's rights.”
He said his client faced a series of roadblocks for readmittance, even after the sexual assault case was adjudicated.
“It took him from May 29, 2012, to December 5, 2012, to regain readmission to the University,” Gresham said.
He said the process was delayed by requirements that were added sporadically, such as more psychological tests.
Manning, who Gresham said recused herself on June 7, 2012, said the emergency committee — which is not affiliated with the honor system — can prolong readmission until the committee feels that a student is no longer a threat and is healthy enough to return.
Gambill's ex-boyfriend said his transition to campus has been made painful by Gambill's sexual assault advocacy.
“Waking up every day in fear of going to class is no way to live at all,” he said. “Waking up and seeing comments from people who want to hurt me is no way to live at all.”
But Gambill has insisted that she has not identified the man, and that he is not a focus of her activism.
“Our movement doesn't have anything to do with him,” she said Sunday.
Gresham said moving on and acclimating to University life has been difficult for his client because of a no contact order Gambill issued.
“He takes somebody with him at all times so that if he and Ms. Gambill cross paths, it does not appear to be stalking or contact,” Gresham said.
“He even had to switch out of a class or two this semester so that he would not be in the vicinity of Ms. Gambill,” he added.
The handling of his case by the emergency committee is indicative of national concerns in higher education about the rights of the accused.
Frank LoMonte, executive director of the Student Press Law Center, said the burden of proof in cases heard by student courts is lower than in a court of law, causing accused students to potentially be denied their rights.
“As an attorney, I'm just concerned about the due process protections in a system where all the normal rules about the reliability of evidence are informal and relaxed,” LoMonte said.
In August 2012, a male student at the University of Georgia was accused of rape by a female student and was expelled without a hearing in an investigation conducted by the Equal Opportunity Office.
Bill Crane, a graduate of the university and former member of the student judiciary, said the rights of accused students are often compromised by a tendency of universities to quickly adjudicate cases.
“Quite often the accused get swift treatment and they don't have the rights that they would in a criminal proceeding.”
Contact the desk editor at university@dailytarheel.com.
Hillary Clinton is seen aboard the campaign bus in Cleveland on the third day of a bus tour through Pennsylvania and Ohio.
July 31, 2016 Hillary Clinton is seen aboard the campaign bus in Cleveland on the third day of a bus tour through Pennsylvania and Ohio. Melina Mara/The Washington Post
The former secretary of state, senator and first lady is the Democratic nominee for president.
The former secretary of state, senator and first lady is the Democratic nominee for president.
The former secretary of state, senator and first lady is the Democratic nominee for president.
Hillary Clinton is widely expected to clinch the Democratic nomination on Tuesday, when voters in six states, including New Jersey and California, go the polls.
But could it happen even sooner?
It may be far-fetched, but two lesser-watched contests this weekend, in the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, could put Clinton over the top — if she wins very lopsided victories over Bernie Sanders and picks up the remaining superdelegates from the two territories along the way.
Clinton needs 70 more delegates to reach the threshold of 2,383, after which she and much of the news media will consider her the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee.
There are seven unpledged delegates at stake in Saturday's caucuses in the U.S. Virgin Islands and an additional 60 up for grabs Sunday in the primary in Puerto Rico. There are also three superdelegates from the two territories who have yet to announce their support for Clinton or Sanders.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton held a talk on immigration during a campaign stop in Sylmar, Calif., on June 4. Clinton called Donald Trump's rhetoric on immigration "dangerous." (Reuters)
In other words, exactly the number she needs to clinch the nomination.
Speaking of superdelegates — the Democratic elected officials and other party insiders whose votes for the nomination are not tied to their state's results — there are still more than 125 elsewhere who have not come out for either candidate. They could do so at any time, including this weekend, if they're so inclined.
So mathematically, at least, it's possible that Clinton could clinch by Sunday night.
Sanders, it should be noted, says such calculations are premature because he thinks the votes of superdelegates shouldn't be counted until they are cast at the Democratic convention in July. In a last-ditch bid to win the nomination, he is trying to persuade scores of superdelegates who support Clinton to swing his way.
So how likely is it that Clinton could dominate in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico?
She is favored to win in both places, but in order to shut out Sanders in the delegate count, she would need to keep him from reaching 15 percent support in both contests. Both campaigns say they don't think that's likely.
“The senator will pick up delegates this weekend in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands,” Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said. “He campaigned in San Juan and has taken a leadership role in blocking a bill in Congress that would treat the island like a colony.”
View Graphic Tracking the race to the Democratic nomination
There's not much polling to speak of in either territory.
Sanders made a campaign trip to Puerto Rico last month and has been airing television ads there.
But the Clintons are far more familiar figures to Puerto Ricans — as former president Bill Clinton reminded them frequently last month on a day that saw him making six stops there, from the northern coast of the island to the southern one.
He recalled that his wife has been a presence in Puerto Rico since she was first lady doing hurricane relief in 1998, that she sided with the commonwealth in its campaign to get the Navy to discontinue its use of the island of Vieques as a bombing range, and that when she was a senator from New York, many of her constituents were Puerto Rican.
“But the most important thing is, what are we going to do tomorrow? How can we make tomorrow better than today?” Bill Clinton said at a rally in Cayey, in the central part of the island. “If you make her the president, it will not end there. She will be your friend from her first day in office until she leaves.”
Clinton won Puerto Rico against then-Sen. Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic presidential primary — claiming nearly 68 percent of the vote — and she has outperformed Sanders this year among Hispanic voters. She has the endorsement of the territory's governor, Alejandro García Padilla.
The politics of a pending bailout of the cash-strapped island could also factor into the primary results.
Sanders said this past week that he plans to introduce his own bill dealing with the Puerto Rico debt crisis after having slammed one supported by Obama and House leaders that Sanders said would make “a terrible situation even worse.”
The House bill has drawn criticism from some other quarters as well.
Clinton has expressed concerns but said she wants to see the bill move forward to stop Puerto Rico's problems from worsening.
Neither campaign has invested heavily in the Virgin Islands. Bill Clinton campaigned there, but his wife did not. Neither Sanders nor his wife, Jane, made an appearance, although the Sanders campaign has aired a radio ad.
Despite her expectation that she will clinch the nomination on Tuesday, Clinton has been campaigning hard in advance of the California primary in hopes of avoiding what could be an embarrassing loss to Sanders as the nomination fight wraps up.
She told an enthusiastic crowd Friday in Culver City, Calif., that if “all goes well,” she would emerge Tuesday as the first woman to be selected as a major-party standard-bearer.
Clinton is expected to reach the 2,383-delegate threshold after the polls close in New Jersey — three hours ahead of California.
Karen Tumulty contributed to this report.
Taking measures – surveying the case
Abchrim, a Dutchman of Moroccan descent, recalls the entire experience very well. It was his job to survey the staircase.
The main challenge involved conditions at the worksite. Strong winds frequently pummeled the exposed workspace and made the building itself sway. On the day Abchrim climbed up to the spire of the building to conduct his surveys on the spine, it proved impossible to measure accurately.
Fortunately, the winds had died down by the following day, but this was the Islamic day of rest, on which literally everything stops for afternoon prayer. Abchrim and his colleagues obtained a permit to allow them to work in the morning. But the tight, twisting space meant that they were not able to rely on usual surveying methods, and were reduced to doing it all by hand.
Further slowed down by working in such cramped conditions, they were unable to complete their work before midday, when their permit expired. After evening prayers had concluded though, the team was able to continue, and finished later that night. “That was an exciting moment for me,” remembers Abchrim.
Gary Johnson: What Clinton and Trump Won't Tell You About Entitlements
It's easier to let someone else deal with them.
Gov. Gary Johnson Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 6, 2016
Governor Gary Johnson, Libertarian nominee for President, speaks to a packed audience inside the Great Hall at University of Colorado South Denver campus on October 4, 2016 Parker, Colorado. Photo by Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via Getty Image
“We're gonna save your Social Security without making any cuts. Mark my words,” Donald Trump said during a rally in February of this year. Hillary Clinton echoed those words in a tweet at about the same time: “I won't cut Social Security.”
Both candidates seem to be promising that the status quo is sustainable, and that our current trajectory won't require any significant adjustments. But both candidates aren't being straight with the American people, and they know that. So does anyone else who reads their personal assessment of future benefits sent out at the beginning of each year by the Social Security Administration.
“Your estimated benefits are based on current law,” each statement says. “Congress has made changes to the law in the past and can do so at any time. The law governing benefit amounts may change because, by 2034, the payroll taxes collected will be enough to pay only about 79 percent of scheduled benefits.”
Medicare faces even greater shortfalls. The current projection is that the Medicare trust fund will be insolvent by 2028, two years sooner than predicted in 2015. That ought to spur Congress to act, but the reality is that 2028 is three presidential elections away, an eternity in politics. Since none of the candidates running this year could be president then, they are more than happy to kick the can down the road and let someone else worry about it. Of course, “someone else” includes anyone who will be elderly or in need of health care after 2028.
The promise to not cut those programs really means: Let the train wreck happen. A 21% reduction in Social Security benefits for all retirees would be devastating. Yet neither Clinton nor Trump is willing to tell the truth about our entitlements, let alone do anything to fix them.
There's a reason for that. Social Security has long been considered the third rail of electoral politics. Medicare is treated exactly the same way. The demagoguery that accompanies even modest attempts at reform usually involve scary ads showing helpless senior citizens being tossed off of cliffs. These scare tactics are deplorable. Fear is a great motivator, but it shouldn't be a campaign strategy. It's far easier for both Republicans and Democrats to tell people what they want to hear, instead of telling the truth.
That's unfortunate, because the truth is that these are solvable problems. Both Social Security and Medicare can be preserved, with relatively minor tweaks now that will pay great dividends later. For example, we could raise the retirement age, change the way the cost of living allowances are calculated and begin to limit some benefits based on income.
There are many different proposals that could accomplish this, and we'll have to put forward multiple proposals to make the transition to solvency work. Indeed, the longer we wait to fix the problem, the more painful the solutions become. Given that even the smallest proposed adjustment to the current system produces hysterical overreactions from all sides, it seems likely that any real fix will be postponed until drastic action becomes necessary. When that happens, it will do real damage to the lives of our seniors and to the economy as a whole. It's simply irresponsible to avoid making tough choices now.
For elderly health care, as a governor of New Mexico who found significant savings in Medicaid without imposing hardships on those who needed help, I have no doubt that giving states a greater role in Medicare would produce innovation, better care, and, yes, solvency.
I believe states have greater flexibility and capacity for experimentation than a one-size fits all federal approach, and they are far more likely to find workable solutions than a bloated Washington bureaucracy. We saw this kind of experimentation by states including Connecticut, Florida and Wisconsin, prior to the passage of federal-level welfare reform in 1996.
Politicians are insulting Americans when they claim they want to balance the federal budget, but pledge to not touch programs like Social Security and Medicare. It can't be done. To be precise, it can't be done without committing taxpayers to massive entitlement spending increases in the future and a choice between tax increases to match or running up our national debt far beyond its current level of nearly $20 trillion.
I'm not suggesting pulling the rug out from under those who depend on and have planned according to expected benefits from programs such as Social Security and Medicare. But can't we just tell the truth, explain to the American people what needs to be done, and take modest steps that will secure those benefits for generations to come?
That shouldn't be too much to ask of candidates who are asking for voters' trust.
Gary Johnson is the Libertarian Party candidate for president and a former governor of New Mexico.
In a weekend that saw two top-10 teams -- as well as four other ranked programs -- lose, there were a lot of memorable moments. There was Iowa State ending its 18-game losing streak to Oklahoma, another incredible finish to a chapter of the Miami-Florida State rivalry, and even Alabama only winning by eight points.
Still, keeping all of that in mind, there was only one moment from the weekend that stood out to me, and it took place in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where the sky opened up and unleashed a rare Midwestern typhoon. It was this moment.
What in the world pic.twitter.com/1PE2Rizms0 — Deadspin (@Deadspin) October 8, 2017
Just what in the hell happened to John O'Korn here?
It was one of the strangest things I can recall seeing during a game, and I needed to get to the bottom of it. There were plenty of theories as to what caused O'Korn to suddenly and violently go flying backward.
Your first instinct is to think he was shoved, but the more you look at it, you realize that wasn't the case. So the next logical thought is that somebody on the Michigan State sideline pulled him down from behind. And if you don't want to believe that's possible, you wonder if maybe O'Korn was flopping on the sideline to draw a flag on the Spartans. It's a rivalry after all, and sometimes you just gotta do what you gotta do.
The final possibility is that O'Korn slipped. It was raining hard, after all, and sometimes cleats aren't made for walking on a wet sideline. Well, theories aren't enough for me. I needed to investigate.
1. He slipped: This is the easiest one to dismiss. If you slow down the tape and look closely, you see that O'Korn's body doesn't move in a way that would suggest he slipped and fell. His shoulders suddenly move back while his head goes crashing forward in a classic whiplash movement.
That's just not a movement that often happens when a person slips on something. We also don't see O'Korn using his arms to balance himself, which is an involuntary reaction of the body once slippage has commenced. This theory is debunked, but it does lend credence to ...
2. He was pulled down: Now here's where things get interesting. Again, we go to the tape to show the whiplash movement in O'Korn's upper body.
That's certainly something that we could see when a person is pulled down from behind. Of course, if this is the case, then somebody had to do the pulling, but who? No. 34 behind O'Korn is a suspect, but if we look at the tape, we see he didn't do it with his right arm, as it's at his side the entire time.
We can't see 34's left arm at the time of the incident, though after O'Korn goes down, we see that 34's left arm is at his side. I have to believe that, had it been 34, we would have seen more physical movement from him. I'm ready to clear him of any wrongdoing.
Perhaps it was an assistant behind O'Korn. He's to the left of 34 and is the next logical suspect. The problem is that this assistant is holding a Gatorade bottle in his left hand, making it impossible for him to have yanked O'Korn with that hand.
Where things get suspect is with the assistant's right hand. After O'Korn falls, we see the hand, and it is below the assistant's waist.
Was this the hand that pulled O'Korn down, or is this the hand of a man who saw a young man falling and tried to either catch him or at least help him up? The results are inconclusive.
3. He flopped: Since we can't see O'Korn's legs on the video, it's almost impossible to prove this one way or the other. All we know is that the NBA and soccer are two of the fastest growing sports among American millennials, and it's entirely possible this is causing the youth of our country to believe falling without being touched is the best way to win games. Still, that's circumstantial evidence. No conclusions can be drawn from it.
So here we are testing three theories, and we don't have a conclusive result. It's frustrating, and trust me, I was frustrated as I was trying to figure it out. I reached the point where I was willing to try anything I could to get an answer, so, like a desperate detective, I called a psychic hotline. She was of no help, though she did tell me a financial windfall was in my future, so that's kinda cool.
Anyway, after the psychic didn't pan out, I just put the footage through different filters, and you wouldn't believe what I discovered. Just look at this. This is the moment right after O'Korn's body goes flying. Look what you see in front of him.
He was pushed after all. By a ghost. Crazy.
Grudge of the Week
So, ESPN seems to be mad at Washington coach Chris Petersen over comments he made last week. Petersen complained about the late start times his team gets every week. He called them "painful" because "no one" on the East Coast is staying up that late to watch Pac-12 games.
What Petersen didn't do was blame anybody specifically. He could have called out Pac-12 commissioner Larry Scott, who secured the conference's television deals, or he could have condemned the networks that ultimately decide when games get played. But he didn't. He just said his team is at a bit of a disadvantage because of its location and how late its games start.
Well, the network that airs those games acted like Petersen insulted the honor of every one of its employees' mothers. First, we got this from Kirk Herbstreit on "College GameDay."
Kirk Herbstreit says Washington "should be thanking ESPN" for airing Washington games, regardless of kickoff time https://t.co/54Hu34AA1Npic.twitter.com/w8l6TsSzde — Deadspin (@Deadspin) October 7, 2017
Then, sideline reporter Quint Kessenich using these sugary props to break down Washington's nonconference schedule during its game against California.
Finally, both play-by-play announcer Mark Jones and analyst Rod Gilmore went after Petersen in the booth because he didn't meet with them during the week, Jones going as far as calling Petersen "irascible and somewhat cantankerous." Scott also made his way to the booth to discuss the scheduling situation during the 10:30 p.m. ET kickoff featuring Washington.
If Petersen is "irascible and somewhat cantankerous," I'm not sure what you would call the response to his rather innocuous comments other than petty and rather thin-skinned.
Photo of the Week
I just couldn't stop staring at this photo from play-by-play announcer Jason Benetti from the booth during Purdue's game against Minnesota. That storm rolling in delayed the game for a bit, and Purdue would go on to beat Minnesota, proving that trains make for safer traveling during a storm than boats do.
Yeah, doesn't look great for surfing. pic.twitter.com/T0M3UmGNVj — Jason Benetti (@jasonbenetti) October 7, 2017
Stat of the Week
Stanford running back Bryce Love rushed for 152 yards in a win over Utah on Saturday night, giving Love 1,240 yards on the season. He's averaging 206.67 rushing yards per game this season, which is very impressive. How impressive?
Well, assuming Stanford gets to a bowl game this season and plays 13 games -- it could play 14 if it wins the Pac-12 North -- Love will finish the season with 2,687 rushing yards if he keeps up his average.
Barry Sanders' record for rushing yards in a single season, set at Oklahoma State in 1988, is 2,628. Just something to keep an eye on.
Random Ranking of the Week
Tom Petty died a week ago, and although plenty of people have already done tributes, I want to rank the five best Petty songs.
1. "Runnin' Down a Dream"
2. "I Won't Back Down"
3. "You Don't Know How It Feels"
4. "Breakdown"
5. "Free Fallin'"
All rankings are final!
Snapchat Filter of the Week
I have no words.
Voters of the Week
There wasn't anything egregious that stood out this week, but a couple of decisions did catch my eye.
We'll start with Pat Caputo of The Oakland Press, who had Virginia Tech at No. 18 on his ballot last week and left the Hokies off his ballot this week. So one of two things happened here. Either Caputo was so disgusted by Virginia Tech's 23-10 win over Boston College that he decided not to rank it, or he just forgot to list the Hokies. I'm guessing it was the latter, but if it were the former, I'd love to hear the reasoning behind it.
Then there's WBZ Newsradio in Boston's Jonny Miller, who I've featured here before. Miller has TCU at No. 12 on his ballot behind three teams with a loss in Ohio State, Auburn and Oklahoma. No other voter has TCU lower than nine on their ballot.
Student Section of the Week
Hey, it's never too late to get an education.
College Football Playoff Projection of the Week
1. Clemson
2. Alabama
3. TCU
4. Penn State
Until the next Monday After!
The police chief in Connecticut's largest city has pulled three officers off the streets after a video was posted online showing them kicking and stomping on a man they had already subdued with a stun gun.In the video, a stun gun is heard being fired and a man falls to the ground at a park. Two officers stand over the motionless man and begin kicking him. A third officer drives up and attacks him. No complaint was filed.Bridgeport city spokeswoman Elaine Ficarra said today that all three officers are on desk duty while authorities investigate the May 2011 encounter. Elson Morales, Joseph Lawlor and Clive Higgins are 10-year veterans of the police force. They couldn't be reached for comment.The video was posted on YouTube this month. It's not clear who's filming or who posted the video.Read more -
A suspected case of cat abuse in Flin Flon, Man., has the head of the local animal shelter urging the provincial government to hire an animal protection officer for the north.
Eight cats, showing signs of abuse and neglect, were recently brought into the Flin Flon, Creighton and Area SPCA, says manager Carmen Ward.
Ward said she does not have the legal authority to remove animals from abusive situations, as there is no animal protection officer in Flin Flon.
Carmen Ward of the Flin Flon, Creighton and Area SPCA says the eight cats that were recently brought to the shelter show signs of neglect and/or abuse. (Submitted by Carmen Ward) Instead, she has to call Winnipeg and request that an officer come up to investigate — a process that she said can take weeks and doesn't come with any guarantee.
"It's really disturbing because, you know, situations like this don't need to happen," she told CBC News on Monday.
"For years, we've wanted one. We were turned down. You know, I think maybe we need to start looking into other ways of just letting them know that we need help here in the north."
Ward said the SPCA did ask the province for an animal protection officer to be appointed for northern Manitoba two years ago, but they were told that one was not needed.
The shelter's board plans to ask again, she added.
CBC News has tried to contact the provincial government official in charge of appointing animal protection officers, but that person is currently away on vacation.
The events of Suzumiya Haruhi are set in Nishinomiya, Hyōgo, Japan. This city is where Kwansei Gakuin University is located; Nagaru Tanigawa (the author) graduated from this university. As such, the anime series' locale is set directly in this region; the scenery is immediately recognisable to residents living in the area, although a few semantics have been altered in the anime. Such alterations include:
The Kitaguchi Station seen in the anime which is actually the Hankyu Nishinomiya-Kitaguchi Station
The Kōyōen Station (光陽園駅, Kōyōen Station) is named after the real Hankyu Kōyōen Station (甲陽園駅, Kōyōen Station) : it only differs in the kanji
Similarly, the baseball team Kamigahara Pirates (上ヶ原パイレーツ, Kamigahara Pirates), has the same name of its real life counterpart, Uegahara Pirates of the Kwansei Gakuin University and only differs in its first kanji (上).
North High School where Kyon, Haruhi, and the rest of the SOS Brigade members attend is the real life location of Nishinomiya Kita High School.
Anime Location Real-world equivalent
The similarities become clear upon inspection of these images. I've also included another set of images that further illustrate other locations that inspired the anime locations.
Nagato Yuki's apartment is located near Hankyu Kouyou Line Kouyouen station, which is in Kouyouen-Honjou-cho, Nishinomiya-shi (Hyogo prefecture). As mentioned earlier, the station in the anime uses different kanji.
There is a small park outside of the Nishinomiya-Kitaguchi Station; this is where the SOS brigade convened during their weekend excusion for paranormal activity.
Shukugawa Park is where Mikuru explains her role as a time traveller to Kyon during the morning session of their first SOS-brigade outing. The park lines both banks of the Shukugawa river in Nishinomiya-shi (Hyogo prefecture) and is particuarly well-known its cherry blossoms in spring.
One of the side streets near the Nishinomiya-Kitaguchi station that Haruhi, Koizumi and Mikuru travel down during the afternoon session of their weekend excursion.
The Nishinomiya-shi Central Library is located in Kawazoe-cho, Nishinomiya-shi, (Hyogo prefecture). Kyon brings Yuki here during the afternoon session to kill time, and is reprimanded by Haruhi in the most amusing way possible.
Haruhi discusses her past to Kyon at this railroad crossing, revealing that her desire to be unique stemmed from her realisation that she was but one in a faceless crowd during a baseball game her father took her to.
Koizumi brings Kyon to Osaka Station to demonstrate to the latter his capabilities and responsibilities as an esper. They stop in the middle of this crosswalk and prepare to enter closed space from here.
The Nankai ferry route facilitates travel between Wakayama-kou (Wakayama prefecture) and Tokushima-kou (Tokushima prefecture). One way trips require about 2 hours on average. The particular ferry depicted in the anime is named “Kumano”: this is the upper deck where Koizumi converses with Kyon.
The interior of the Kumano's middle deck. The vending machines seen in the right side of the image are the same vending machines where Kyon purchases refreshments for everyone after he gets dominated in a card game.
The anime replicates the details on the ferry almost down to the pixel, although being anime, the main difference is that the real world settings feel distinctly gritter compared to the clean textures present in the anime.
Shukugawa Shopping Street is inspired by the Chuou Shopping Street and Sanwa Hondoori Shopping Street in Amagasaki-shi (Hyogo prefecture), just outside the Hanshin Amagasaki Rail Station. These two streets are designed such that they converge in a shape similar to a crossbow: Sanwa Hondoori Shopping Street forms the bow, while Chuou Shopping Street forms the arrow. The SOS-brigade come here to purchase supplies for their film, and also make a short commerical here for one of the camera shop owners as gratitude for assisting them.
Ginsui Bridge is located near Nishinomiya North High School (the real world equivalent of North High). The high school itself is found in Kurakuen-bancho, Nishinomiya-shi (Hyogo prefecture)and is roughly 2 km uphill from the nearest train station, Hankyu Kouyou Line Kouyouen Station.
Nagaru Tanigawa described his hometown of Nishinomiya in great detail within his novels, the setting of all of the events in Haruhi Suzumiya. These novels formed the basis for the anime: the animators at KyoAni merely needed to spend a few weekends designing the locations, given that Nishinomiya is only an hour from Kyoto by train.
SANTIAGO, Chile — In the early morning of 29 April, just before dawn, 65 representatives of various institutions and agencies of the Baha'i community, assembled within the superstructure of the Baha'i House of Worship for South America to commemorate a charged and meaningful milestone in its construction—the placement of a Baha'i symbol at the apex of the temple.
On that special day, the ninth day of Ridvan, a calligraphic rendering of the invocation "O Glory of the All-Glorious", referred to as the Greatest Name, was lifted into position some twenty-nine meters above the ground, at the highest point of the temple's dome. As it was raised towards its destination, the voices of the choir could be heard chanting sacred verses in a joyful and reverent atmosphere.
Decades ago, the late Amatu'l-Baha Ruhiyyih Khanum—wife of the Guardian of the Baha'i Faith and Hand of the Cause of God—had prepared a small ornamental silver case containing dust collected from the inner Shrine of the Bab on Mount Carmel in the Holy Land. That silver container was placed within the heart of the wooden carving of the Greatest Name, before it was raised to its permanent spot at the apex of the House of Worship, symbolically connecting the House of Worship with the Holy Land and the spiritual center of the Baha'i Faith.
The carving of the symbol of the Greatest Name was itself a significant process, explained Mr. Samadi, the project manager for the House of Worship. Crafted out of the wood of a tree native to Chile, named roble pellin, the Greatest Name was "made with the hands and love of Chilean artisans," he stated.
Reflecting on the event, Mr. Rodriguez, member of the National Assembly of the Baha'is of Chile, stated, "This was an incredible day, marking a profoundly spiritual process which connects us with the center and essence of our Faith".
Using unusually rigorous scientific conditions and measures, Johns Hopkins researchers have shown that the active agent in "sacred mushrooms" can induce mystical/spiritual experiences descriptively identical to spontaneous ones people have reported for centuries.
The resulting experiences apparently prompt positive changes in behavior and attitude that last several months, at least.
The agent, a plant alkaloid called psilocybin, mimics the effect of serotonin on brain receptors-as do some other hallucinogens-but precisely where in the brain and in what manner is unknown.
An account of the study, accompanied by an editorial and four experts' commentaries, appears online today in the journal Psychopharmacology.
Cited as "landmark" in the commentary by former National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) director, Charles Schuster, the research marks a new systematic approach to studying certain hallucinogenic compounds that, in the 1950s, showed signs of therapeutic potential or value in research into the nature of consciousness and sensory perception. "Human consciousness…is a function of the ebb and flow of neural impulses in various regions of the brain-the very substrate that drugs such as psilocybin act upon," Schuster says. "Understanding what mediates these effects is clearly within the realm of neuroscience and deserves investigation."
"A vast gap exists between what we know of these drugs-mostly from descriptive anthropology-and what we believe we can understand using modern clinical pharmacology techniques," says study leader Roland Griffiths, Ph.D., a professor with Hopkins' departments of Neuroscience and Psychiatry and Behavioral Biology. "That gap is large because, as a reaction to the excesses of the 1960s, human research with hallucinogens has been basically frozen in time these last forty years."
All of the study's authors caution about substantial risks of taking psilocybin under conditions not appropriately supervised. "Even in this study, where we greatly controlled conditions to minimize adverse effects, about a third of subjects reported significant fear, with some also reporting transient feelings of paranoia," says Griffiths. "Under unmonitored conditions, it's not hard to imagine those emotions escalating to panic and dangerous behavior."
The researchers' message isn't just that psilocybin can produce mystical experiences. "I had a healthy skepticism going into this," says Griffiths, "and that finding alone was a surprise." But, as important, he says, "is that, under very defined conditions, with careful preparation, you can safely and fairly reliably occasion what's called a primary mystical experience that may lead to positive changes in a person. It's an early step in what we hope will be a large body of scientific work that will ultimately help people."
The authors acknowledge the unusual nature of the work, treading, as it does, a fine line between neuroscience and areas most would consider outside science's realm. "But establishing the basic science here is necessary," says Griffiths, "to take advantage of the possible benefits psilocybin can bring to our understanding of how thought, emotion, and ultimately behavior are grounded in biology."
Griffiths is quick to emphasize the scientific intent of the study. "We're just measuring what can be observed," he says; "We're not entering into 'Does God exist or not exist.' This work can't and won't go there."
In the study, more than 60 percent of subjects described the effects of psilocybin in ways that met criteria for a "full mystical experience" as measured by established psychological scales. One third said the experience was the single most spiritually significant of their lifetimes; and more than two-thirds rated it among their five most meaningful and spiritually significant. Griffiths says subjects liken it to the importance of the birth of their first child or the death of a parent.
Two months later, 79 percent of subjects reported moderately or greatly increased well-being or life satisfaction compared with those given a placebo at the same test session. A majority said their mood, attitudes and behaviors had changed for the better. Structured interviews with family members, friends and co-workers generally confirmed the subjects' remarks. Results of a year-long followup are being readied for publication.
Psychological tests and subjects' own reports showed no harm to study participants, though some admitted extreme anxiety or other unpleasant effects in the hours following the psilocybin capsule. The drug has not been observed to be addictive or physically toxic in animal studies or human populations. "In this regard," says Griffiths, a psychopharmacologist, "it contrasts with MDMA (ecstasy), amphetamines or alcohol."
The study isn't the first with psilocybin, the researchers say, though some of the earlier ones, done elsewhere, had notably less rigorous design, were less thorough in measuring outcomes or lacked longer-term follow-up.
In the present work, 36 healthy, well-educated volunteers-most of them middle-aged-with no family history of psychosis or bipolar disorder were selected. All had active spiritual practices. "We thought a familiarity with spiritual practice would give them a framework for interpreting their experiences and that they'd be less likely to be confused or troubled by them," Griffiths says. All gave informed consent to the study approved by Hopkins' institutional review board.
Each of thirty of the subjects attended two separate 8-hour drug sessions, at two-month intervals. On one they received psilocybin, on another, methylphenidate (Ritalin), the active placebo.
In designing the study, researchers had to overcome or at least, greatly minimize two hurdles: the risk of adverse side-effects and the likelihood that the expectations of getting the test drug or the placebo would influence subjects' perceptions.
To lessen the former, each subject met several times, before drug sessions began, with a reassuring "monitor," a medical professional experienced in observing drug study participants. Monitors stayed with them during the capsule-taking sessions. Actual trials took place in a room outfitted like a comfortable, slightly upscale living room, with soft music and indirect, non-laboratory lighting. Heart rate and blood pressure were measured throughout.
The researchers countered "expectancy" by having both monitors and subjects "blinded" to what substance would be given. For ethical reasons, subjects were told about hallucinogens' possible effects, butalso learned they could, instead, get other substances-weak or strong-that might change perception or consciousness. Most important, a third "red herring" group of six subjects had two blinded placebo sessions, then were told they'd receive psilocybin at a third. This tactic-questionnaires later verified-kept participants and monitors in the dark at the first two sessions about each capsule's contents.
Nine established questionnaires and a new, specially createdfollowup survey were used to rate experiences at appropriate times in the study. They included those that differentiate effects of psychoactive drugs, that detect altered states of consciousness, that rate mystical experiences and assess changes in outlook.
The study, Griffiths adds, has advanced understanding of hallucinogen abuse.
As for where the work could lead, the team is planning a trial of patients suffering from advanced cancer-related depression or anxiety, following up suggestive research several decades ago. They're also designing studies to test a role for psilocybin in treating drug dependence.
The study was funded by grants from NIDA and the Council on Spiritual Practices.
Una McCann, M.D., William Richards, Ph.D., of the Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions and Robert Jesse of the Council on Spiritual Practices, San Francisco, were co-researchers.
One of the major motivations for my GSOC project this summer was to get rid of the somewhat inefficient use of Java from C++. One immediate difference noticeable from early on when working on Firebird integration is the disappearance of a large pause when loading a database caused by startup of the jvm. (Unfortunately we still need Java for various wizards within Base which still need rewriting in C++/Python/etc. — for now this pause just happens at a different point in time.)
However the main speedup to be expected was in actual manipulation of data. Hence a insertion/retrieval test was developed — currently we only test the insertion and retrieval of 120'000 strings (a dump of the aspell dictionary), the results of which show a significant advantage for Firebird:
It should be noted that this test is not an accurate comparison of Firebird and HSQLDB in their native environments, this is only an accurate comparison of the two databases accessed via SDBC drivers, i.e. going via C++ — I suspect the slowness of HSQLDB is mostly due to the use of JNI and the C++/Java transition.
It would probably be interesting to add further tests to compare the performance when working with numeric types, however the performance boost of using firebird should already be clear. The tests and documentation can currently be found in dbaccess/qa/unit/emeddeddb_performancetests.cxx.
"The reality is that no grocery store in the United States, no matter what size or type of business, can claim they are GE-free. While we have been and will continue to be staunch supporters of non-GE foods, we are not going to mislead our customers with an inaccurate claim... We have advocated for mandatory labeling of GE foods since 1992..."
--- Whole Foods Market Internal Company Memo 1/30/2011
"Whole Foods claim they support mandatory labeling of GMOs (Genetically Modified Organisms). Well, where are the labels on the vast array of non-organic foods in their stores that contain genetically engineered soybeans, corn, canola, cottonseed oil, or sugar beets? Where are the labels on their so-called "natural" meat, eggs, or dairy products, reared on GMO grains and animal drugs?"
--- Protester in front of a San Francisco Whole Foods Market , April 11, 2011
"If you put a label on genetically engineered food you might as well put a skull and crossbones on it."
"What most green consumers don't understand yet, is that most of the so-called "natural" processed foods and animal products (which make up 2/3 of the sales of Whole Foods Market) that we are still buying are GMO-contaminated. Either they contain GMO ingredients like soy, corn, canola, cottonseed oil or sugar beet sweetener, or else the animals have been force-fed fed a steady diet of GMO grains and drugs.
"We need to clean up our act and walk our talk in the green and natural products sector. We need to tell natural food giants like
"But this means we've got to build a mass movement of Millions Against Monsanto. By World Food Day, October 16, we plan to mobilize a powerful and unprecedented coalition that can pressure, and if necessary boycott, industry leaders such as "Over 90% of Americans want GE-tainted foods labeled. Why? So that we can avoid buying these foods. This is a major reason why millions of us are buying certified organic products, which preclude the use of GE ingredients, as well as toxic chemicals and animal drugs. Since the politicians in Washington apparently prefer to listen to Monsanto rather than their constituents, we need to put our efforts where we currently have the most power, in our local communities, especially at the retail grocery store level, where 50 million of us are regularly buying certified organic and so-called 'natural' foods."What most green consumers don't understand yet, is that most of the so-called "natural" processed foods and animal products (which make up 2/3 of the sales of Whole Foods Market) that we are still buying are GMO-contaminated. Either they contain GMO ingredients like soy, corn, canola, cottonseed oil or sugar beet sweetener, or else the animals have been force-fed fed a steady diet of GMO grains and drugs."We need to clean up our act and walk our talk in the green and natural products sector. We need to tell natural food giants like Whole Foods or Trader Joe's that you can't claim to support GMO labeling, and then proceed to sell billions of dollars of unlabeled GMO food in your stores, greenwashed as 'natural.' We're protesting this week in front of Whole Foods Market and Trader Joe's to make our views on GMOs absolutely clear. Like our banners say: 'GMOs: Don't buy them! Don't sell them! Don't grow them!' Once we drive GMOs out of our organic and natural food stores, or at least force retailers to label them, we will then be able to turn our attention to conventional supermarkets and do the same thing.""But this means we've got to build a mass movement of Millions Against Monsanto. By World Food Day, October 16, we plan to mobilize a powerful and unprecedented coalition that can pressure, and if necessary boycott, industry leaders such as Whole Foods and Trader Joe's..."
After two decades of biotech bullying by Monsanto and Food Inc., a grassroots movement of organic consumers and farmers is rising up across the United States. Inspired by the success of their European counterparts in driving genetically engineered crops and foods off the market, not through an EU ban, but through mandatory labeling, several thousand protesters took to the streets on March 26, 2011 in 30 different cities, under the banner of "Rally for the Right to Know," and " Millions Against Monsanto ."At the same time, anti-GMO activists have stepped up the pace of grassroots lobbying, successfully pressuring state legislators in at least 14 states to introduce bills calling for mandatory labeling of genetically engineered foods.Reflecting widespread public concern over the health and environmental hazards of GMOs, recent polls by National Public Radio and MSNBC have found that more than 90% of Americans support mandatory labeling. Mandatory labeling of GMOs, of course, is bitterly opposed by Monsanto and the supermarket lobby, who understand, as a Monsanto executive admitted,Angered by the Obama administration's recent controversial approvals of GMO alfalfa, salmon, sugar beets, and corn, and the compromise or surrender of organic industry leaders, including Whole Foods , in agreeing to accept the "co-existence," of GMO and organic crops and foods, organic consumers across the U.S. have decided to take matters into their own hands.Spearheaded by the industry watchdog group, the Organic Consumers Association, and powerful alternative health consumer networks such as NaturalNews.com and Mercola.com, millions of health and environmental-minded consumers are starting to demand that the $60 billion "natural" products industry take GMO products off their shelves, or at least clearly label them, so that consumers can seek certified organic and other GMO-free alternatives.In an interview at the Green Festival in San Francisco on April 9, Alexis Baden-Mayer, OCA Campaign Director, explained the strategy behind the Millions Against Monsanto Truth-in-Labeling Campaign.Across the U.S. and the world, people are fed up. Moving beyond ineffectual compromise and co-existence with a green-washed business-as-usual and politics-as-usual, more and more of us are drawing lines in the sand. Nuclear power, genetic engineering, dirty coal and other out-of-control technologies have revealed themselves for what they really are: deadly threats to our survival. Monsanto has deservedly become one of the most hated corporations on earth. It's time to drive their evil products out of the marketplace, starting with the green or natural products sector, utilizing the most powerful tools at our disposal, public education, agitation, and Truth-in-Labeling. Get up. Stand up for your rights. Tell Whole Foods Market and Trader Joe's to stop selling Monsanto's unlabeled genetically modified organisms. Join the Millions Against Monsanto Campaign. http://www.MillionsAgainstMonsanto.org
Warning: contains spoilers for The Doctor Falls.
Russell T Davies, for all his many virtues as Doctor Who is a showrunner, was pretty relaxed when it came to continuity. In his own time he had as intricate and complex a headcanon as the next fan, including some pretty elaborate theories on what happened to Torchwood's rift and why the 12th Doctor looks like a Roman Pompeii survivor and that politician from Children Of Earth. But as showrunner, he was adept at bringing ideas to the screen, and allowing the continuity to then be argued over in the forums.
Steven Moffat meanwhile has been far keener to address and tie up loose ends. Davies brought a giant Cyberman to Victorian London and teleported the Earth halfway across space. Steven Moffat invented cracks in time that conveniently wipe everyone's memories of those exact facts, then fills in all the gaps in the Doctor's regeneration cycle, depicts the first Doctor actually stealing his TARDIS and makes Big Finish audios canon at the same time.
So in his last ever season finale, we shouldn't be surprised that he threw in so much continuity that it's easy to miss his ingenious tying up of one the most irritating continuity problems of the new series, and in the process putting the Cybermen back on their throne as one of the two deadliest threats in the Doctor Who is a universe.
Too many Cybermen
The problem goes back to series 2 of the new incarnation, where Davies brought the Cybermen back. Inspired by the brilliant Big Finish Audio Spare Parts, Davies would do an origin story, and probably thinking that having an identical twin Earth showing up in 1986 would seem a little too hokey for the new, cool, 21st century Doctor Who, he had the Cybermen arise on a parallel Earth through the proliferation of evil Bluetooth headsets.
This was fine for the general viewer, but for the fans that liked to dive right into the Who lore it posed some questions. Where were the original Cybermen? When we saw Cybermen turn up again in our universe, were these the parallel universe Cybermen or our own Cybermen, or as Neil Gaiman hypothesised, some sort of ungodly hybrid of the two?
In bringing back the Mondasian Cybermen for World Enough And Time/The Doctor Falls, Moffat could have taken his pick of any one of these theories and made them the word of God. Instead he did something much more interesting, something that casts the entire history of the Cybermen in a different light.
Here's the speech:
“They always get started. They happen everywhere there's people. Mondas, Telos, Earth, Planet 14, Marinus. Like sewage, smart phones and Donald Trump some things are just inevitable.
People get the Cybermen wrong. There's no evil plan, no evil genius, just parallel evolution.”
Parallel evolution
This speech is basically a continuity hand grenade. It suggests that not only did the humans that converted themselves into Cybermen arise spontaneously and independently on Mondas and a parallel Earth, but that the Cybermen the 2nd Doctor fights on Telos in Tomb Of The Cybermen also arose completely independently of the ones on Mondas, as did the ones in The Invasion who recognised the Doctor and Jamie from “Planet 14” (and boy do fans wonder about what went on there).
Moffat even, just for good measure, name checks Marinus, a planet that only ever appeared on TV in one 1st Doctor story, The Keys Of Marinus, but which appears in the 1987 comic story The World Shapers, where it's made out that Marinus eventually turns into Mondas.
Now instead of nearly identical monsters arising independently on two different planets, we have nearly identical monsters arising no fewer than five separate times. This is about more than the constant, brave and impossible mission to make all the contradictory stories in the Doctor Who canon line up however. It changes the very nature of the Cybermen into something far more malevolent, as well as making them eerily relevant today.
Always read the comments
The Daleks, the racist pepper pots that will forever relegate the Cybermen to also-ran status, have frequently been held up as Doctor Who's Nazi metaphor. But the Daleks are the work of one man. If the 12th Doctor had decided to leave baby Davros in that field of hand mines it could easily have led to a much less exterminated universe. Even if you're against child-murder, to rid the universe of Daleks you just have to get them all into one place and then blow them up. It's been done in the first ever Dalek story, in The Evil Of Daleks (hailed as their “Final end!”), in Remembrance Of The Daleks with the obliteration of their entire planet, and during the Last Great Time War. Annoyingly there always seems to be one that sneaks through the cracks and starts it all up again, but in principal killing all Daleks is a perfectly sensible way to defeat them.
But with Cybermen that doesn't work. Destroy every Cyberman in existence and all of their technology, turn them into dust, and the whole thing still has the potential to reappear the next time somebody thinks “If I had a robot hand this pickle jar would be easier to open”.
This changes the way we view the Cybermen, but it's a view of the Cybermen that fits well with what we've seen before. They have rarely been the all-out conquerors other Who baddies have been. The first time we see them they are simply trying to survive and just don't understand why anyone wouldn't want to be a Cyberman. Very often when they do show up, they are fronted by a friendly and familiar organisation, whether it's International Electromatics, Cybus Industries, the workhouse in The Next Doctor or the 3W Institute. Even in Army Of Ghosts the Cybermen are only able to enter our world because they remind us of dead loved ones, causing us to 'will' them into reality.
The Cybermen aren't a species, or an empire or some sort of robo-zombie viral epidemic. They're an idea, a perfectly innocent sounding idea, taken to its logical conclusion, a far more potent metaphor for fascism than the hate-filled squid tanks could ever manage. As the Doctor's speech continues, “People, plus technology, minus humanity. The internet, cyberspace, Cybermen, always read the comments, because one day they'll be an army.”
I don't think it's a coincidence that Donald Trump gets namechecked in this speech so close to that “always read the comments” line. The danger of the Cybermen isn't that someone will open a tomb or reawaken some much shinier version of the terracotta army. It's that the Cybermen will be forgotten and people won't remember their mistakes.
Demonstrators protest in front of the White House during a freedom rally outside in Washington Saturday, Oct. 22, 2011. Hundreds of people rallied, demanding that an Iranian opposition group, Mujahedin-e Khalq (MEK), once allied with Iraq's Saddam Hussein, be removed from a U.S. terror list. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) (Jose Luis Magana/AP)
The State Department has decided to remove the Iranian exile group Mujaheddin-e Khalq from the U.S. government's terrorist list, officials said Friday, ending a decade-long fight over a controversial organization that had become a favorite cause of prominent U.S. politicians and lobbyists.
The decision, detailed in classified documents prepared for submission to Congress, is a victory for U.S. allies of the onetime militant group, known as the MEK, which is fiercely opposed to Iran's clerical regime. But the move could further complicate U.S. diplomatic engagement with Tehran, which bore the brunt of the MEK's campaign of bombings and assassinations in the 1970s and '80s.
The action comes two weeks before a court-ordered deadline to resolve the MEK's status and just six days after the dissident group vacated its former enclave in eastern Iraq, averting a feared confrontation with Iraqis who want the exiles out of the country. More than 3,000 MEK members have remained in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003, unwanted by their host country and fearful of imprisonment or worse if they return to Iran.
State Department officials declined to comment on the decision, but spokeswoman Victoria Nuland confirmed that the department “was in the process of sending a classified communication” to Congress about the MEK's status. Two senior Obama administration officials privy to sensitive policy discussions confirmed the department's intention to rescind the MEK's terrorist label, a rare step that is used to reward organizations that renounce violence and embrace political engagement.
The State Department's list of foreign terrorist organizations currently comprises 52 groups. U.S. citizens are banned from offering aid or advice to groups on the list.
1 of 31 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Images from around the world View Photos Here is a look at some of the week's best photographs from around the globe. Caption Here is a look at some of the week's best photographs from around the globe. Sept. 22, 2012 Visitors wearing traditional Bavarian clothes get the first beers in a festival tent at the start of the Oktoberfest beer festival at the Theresienwiese in Munich. Christof Stache/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Despite those restrictions, a large number of political heavyweights have spoken publicly on the MEK's behalf, including former Republican presidential candidates Rudy Giuliani and Newt Gingrich and former Democratic National Committee chairmen Howard Dean and Edward G. Rendell. Powerful congressional leaders also argued for dropping the terrorist designation to reward the MEK for renouncing violence and providing intelligence to Western governments about Iran's nuclear program.
Supporters argued that they are acting legitimately to facilitate U.S. policy decisions.
“The MEK are Iranians who desire a secular, peaceful, and democratic government,” Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.), chairman of the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on oversight and investigations, said in a statement Friday. “Nothing threatens the Mullah dictatorship more than openness and transparency.”
Some U.S. officials and policy experts oppose the move, saying any U.S. support for the MEK undercuts America's image inside Iran, where many ordinary Iranians view the group as a terror cult.
“The United States just shot itself in the foot by giving [Iranian supreme leader Ali] Khamenei this gift that will help him shift the balance of anger towards the U.S.,” said Trita Parsi, author of “A Single Roll of the Dice,” a book on U.S. policy toward Iran.
For the exiles themselves, the decision may have an immediate impact. MEK supporters say the removal of the terrorist label will help the dissidents find homes outside Iraq. Previously, few countries volunteered to accept them.
U.S. officials who helped mediate a months-long standoff between Iraq and the MEK over the exiles' living quarters in recent months cautioned that the excising of the terrorist label may not end the group's troubles or the U.S. role in helping find permanent homes for its members.
“We're very happy that we've come this far without a blood bath,” said a senior administration official who is privy to internal deliberations over the issue. He and others spoke on condition of anonymity, citing the delicate diplomacy involved in resolving the MEK's fate. “Now we have to move forward on resettlement.”
Administration officials said the decision to lift the terrorist designation was based on the recent history of the MEK, which renounced violence and turned over its weapons to U.S. forces after waging a decades-long armed campaign against both the current Iranian government and its predecessor, led by the U.S.-backed Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. But the decision also hinged in part on the MEK's decision to leave its longtime home in Iraq, a former military base known as Camp Ashraf near the border with Iran.
Iraq had insisted on closing the base — by force, if necessary. Iraqi police had clashed repeatedly with MEK members at the facility in recent years, killing dozens of them.
Under a U.N.-brokered arrangement, the group was offered temporary quarters in Baghdad, on the grounds of the former U.S. military base known as Camp Liberty.
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said in congressional testimony in February that the MEK's willingness to peacefully depart Camp Ashraf would be a “key factor” in the decision on the group's terrorist listing.
Nearly half of Camp Ashraf's residents had completed the move in early summer when the agreement collapsed, with MEK officials decrying alleged mistreatment by Iraqis and what they described as intolerable living conditions at the new camp.
A tense stalemate followed, as the MEK balked at completing the move in defiance of an Iraqi deadline for evicting the last exiles from Camp Ashraf. MEK supporters hired dozens of high-ranking former U.S. government officials and politicians to lobby the Obama administration on the group's behalf, demanding that Washington back the MEK in its struggles with Iraq.
A breakthrough came last week when the MEK, warned that it could lose its battle over the U.S. terrorist listing, relented and agreed to allow the last major convoys of dissidents to depart for new homes in Baghdad. Even then, as MEK members climbed into vans and buses, disputes erupted over baggage searches and the treatment of disabled dissidents, the senior U.S. official said.
“Friday and Saturday were all-nighters for a lot of our people, as well as the U.N. folks,” the official said. Iraqi officials agreed to allow about 200 MEK members to remain at Camp Ashraf for a few weeks to oversee property transfers, but “this effectively means the end of Camp Ashraf,” he said.
Until last week, Camp Ashraf had been the MEK's home since the group was invited to Iraq by then-President Saddam Hussein, who saw the dissidents as useful allies in his war against Iran. Hussein provided arms and housing for the MEK and sometimes used its members, U.S. officials say, as muscle for his repressive policies at home. The MEK's reputation as Hussein's allies ensured their pariah status after U.S. troops overthrew the dictator in 2003.
Count another carrier among those that 5G startup Phazr is working with. C Spire confirmed to FierceWirelessTech that it plans to conduct a 5G R&D test with Phazr at its corporate offices next week.
Phazr filed an application with the FCC for Special Temporary Authority to test and demonstrate 5G millimeter wave communication equipment in Ridgeland, Mississippi, which is where C Spire is headquartered. Earlier this month, Verizon filed for similar permission to conduct tests of Phazr equipment at facilities in Euless, Texas.
C Spire expects to test speeds as it transmits HD video content from its fiber-based commercial television service, according to Dave Miller, C Spire senior media relations manager. It's part of the company's ongoing efforts to bring the benefits of next-generation 5G and fixed wireless technology to consumers and businesses in its region, “all with the goal of helping solve a huge economic problem—how to efficiently and cost-effectively deploy fiber-based services in rural and underserved areas, which comprise the majority of our service area.”
Mobile World Congress 2019 Attend the 2-Day Executive 5G Panel Series FierceWireless is returning to Barcelona, Spain, during Mobile World Congress 2019 with a two-day Executive 5G Panel Series at the Fira Congress Hotel, conveniently located across the street from the MWC Convention Center. The panel events will take place on Feb. 25-26 and will cover 5G and The Fixed Wireless Access Opportunity, Taking 5G Indoors, and Making 5G Ubiquitous. Attendees will have the opportunity to network and hear from 5G leaders including Verizon, Vodafone, Orange, Sprint, NTT Docomo, Boingo Wireless, Qualcomm, and more over the course of two days.
Secure your spot at the event today! Now is your chance to join fellow industry professionals for networking and education. Registration information and the schedule can be found on the website here. Register today
RELATED: C Spire achieves 2.2 Gbps in 5G test with Nokia at Mississippi HQ
The regional carrier is no stranger to 5G. Last year, the company said it was ramping up its efforts to develop and test emerging 5G fixed and mobile technologies. The company was the first to successfully demonstrate a 5G fixed wireless solution in Mississippi using Nokia equipment with a direct connection to its fiber-based commercial television service. Nokia supplied the base station and mobile unit.
That test delivered C Spire Fiber consumer television content, including ultrahigh-definition resolution video, with speeds up to 2.2 Gigabits per second (Gbps) and ultralow latency below 1.4 milliseconds over the 5G wireless link.
Phazr, founded by millimeter wave technology pioneers, says it has a differentiated approach when it comes to 5G millimeter wave. While everyone else is trying to do millimeter wave in the downlink and the uplink, Phazr uses millimeter wave for the downlink and sub-6 GHz for the uplink, which eliminates the need for a power-hungry millimeter wave transmitter in 5G devices, thus reducing cost and power consumption.
Phazr founder and CEO Farooq Khan left his position as president of Samsung Research America last year to work full-time on Phazr, which in a relatively short time has developed a 5G network solution that should be ready for commercialization in the second half of this year.
RELATED: PHAZR aims to deliver commercial-ready 5G products in H2 of 2017
Phazr's approach includes patent-pending beamforming technologies and a router that can be user-installed inside a building that includes a 5G millimeter wave modem and built-in 802.11ac Wi-Fi for instant gigabit/second internet access.
In the late 1980s, India's government announced a plan to release specially bred flesh-eating turtles into the Ganges river. According to Hindu faith, there is salvation in being cremated on the banks of the river and then dumped into it. But sometimes the corpses are only partially burned, and according to the BBC, the corpses of those who cannot afford to be cremated are put in the river, too.
"Hundreds of years ago, such turtles flourished in the Ganges until they were killed by hunters for meat," the Los Angeles Times reported. "Now, the government has begun breeding them on a farm near Lucknow." The turtles were raised on dead fish, "so that they wouldn't develop a taste for the living," reports Atlas Obscura.
Some 25,000 flesh-hungry turtles, and $32 million dollars later, the plan was a failure, Atlas Obscura reports:
It was plagued by corruption and mismanagement, and though plenty of forethought was put into raising the turtles, not so much attention was paid to seeing that they survived in the wild after their release, and as a result, they were poached and killed in large numbers.
Today, corpse pollution is still a problem for the Ganges. As is turtle disappearance. To protect the population from being depleted by poachers and smugglers, each year over a thousand ordinary turtles are released in into the river.
Ray will be in Court Wednesday and Thursday in Syracuse to face the music. He and his Catholic Worker, Jewish mother, and other friends twice blocked the main entrance and exit to Hancock drone base to call attention to the push-of-the-computer-button cowardly killings done in our name. Those of you who, like our Quaker friends, are in the practice of holding Justice people in the Light, please do.
Here is a link to a piece Ray wrote a few years ago on the moral imperative of activism; even more necessary now.
Pasted in below are a couple of links. Ray is grateful to have fallen in with the very best people to be in trouble with, witnessing at Hancock Drone Base, Syracuse, New York
Jerry Berrigan Brigade, January 28, 2016
Crucified by Drones: Good Friday, April 14, 2017
If Herod Had Drones, Jesus, Mary, and Joseph Would Have Been Incinerated)
Mike Babcock joined Leafs Lunch
Through 41 games, you guys are 16-18-7. Do you feel like your record is a true indicator of the way your team has played?
Mike Babcock: I don't think your record ever lies. You are what you are. What I can tell you is we lost last night. We weren't as prepared as we should've been at the start of the game, so we played catch-up hockey. What I try to do is just live in present. To me, our job is to get better each and every day to maximize our group. I think we've done a pretty good job of that. I didn't like last night. I coached in Detroit and played in the Western Conference for a long time. When we came home after trips, we struggled a lot. We tried a bunch of different things. I thought we had enough time off prior to this game to be jumping right out of the gate. Even though we had scoring chances and outshot them 2:1 and all that, in the end catch-up hockey is losing hockey and I didn't like it. Lots of things have been real positive about the first half. Game 41 wasn't.
You talk about the execution and how you didn't like it early on. I know a lot of your teams don't really fight. Do you think with the arena, the energy in that building, it might have been an opportunity… I know Dion had an altercation, or do you not want a guy like that fighting to try to create some momentum?
Babcock: No, I really never thought about how we needed a fight. I thought we needed to not turn it over at the blueline and get in on the forecheck, but I guess there are lots of ways to generate energy in your building. To me, when you play real good and you get your crowd awake, that really helps you. I didn't think we did much until the second and the third. I didn't expect Dion to go out there and get in a scrap. That wasn't a priority for me at all.
What is the biggest change with respect to – you had all the skill in Detroit that could create offense – how you try to keep the spirits of your players up knowing that they've got to create offense in a different way?
Babcock: I think you're trying to do lots of things similar. In saying all that, game breakers are game breakers. I'm just preparing for Chicago – I mean, the game is going on, and suddenly someone makes a play within the structure of how they're team plays, but they just flat out beat somebody. So you don't have as many of those things go on. Right now I'm watching the highlights of LA, and they've just got some guys who are just flat out making some plays different than our guys would make them. So we've just got to do it longer and harder, but the other thing you don't do very well is you don't play catch-up hockey very well because you don't have those gamebreakers who can make something out of nothing. Losing van Riemsdyk – he was the one guy, even when James doesn't have a good game, at the end of the game he's in on all the scoring chances. That's what game breakers do. In developing your team and deciding on what kind of club you want to have here, you want to have a number of game breakers that give you those opportunities. Ideally, with good drafts and our development here, some of these kids will end up being real good players.
When you took the gig, one of the first things you said about the players in this market, you said, “I want to make it a safer place.” We've talked a lot about that in the first half. We're surprised at how quiet the first half has been. If you compare it to last year, and I know you weren't here but I know you were aware of it, there was controversy after controversy, and talking point after talking point, and a lot of it coming off the ice. That has not been the case this year. How have you gone about making it such a safe place for your players?
Babcock: We address it. We talk about it. Even today we talked about it. Last night, after the game, we weren't as accessible to the media as we should've been. When you play real good, be happy to be in there and talking to them. When you play real bad, be in there and talking to them. Own what you do. The other thing I'd say to you is – when your fans think you play hard, and work hard, when you go to a restaurant in town they treat you with respect. When they don't think you're working hard, you don't get the same kind of respect. I think Toronto has been fantastic that way for us this year. They've treated us fantastic. We have a fanbase here that's second to none. They've appreciated the work ethic of the guys. I can see it when we're out in the community. When we don't play hard, you're going to pay the price for doing that. So, to me, that's one of the things we've been able to do. But we try to address it everyday – accountability. We addressed how we played last night. If you do that, I think you have a better chance of people appreciating you.
I'm a little bit surprised with how the fanbase has been really accepting of the plan, and has been patient and has been optimistic. I think a lot of people in the city are talking positively about what's happened in the first half. Even with that being the case, you're a bottom-five team. Were you expecting that kind of surprise considering the way the team has played and considering the standings?
Babcock: To be honest with you, I didn't really know anything about the market that way. Obviously, when you come into Toronto you know it's a big city, a nice city, that there are tons of hockey fans, but you don't know what kind of market it is and you don't know what kind of support you're going to have. I'm with you – I'm impressed with how much support we get and how the people treat us. If you've been here a long time, if you've been a Leafs fan a long time, you've got to be tired of being average. You want to be really good. I don't blame them. I want to be really good, too. We're a work in progress.
We've got about a month and a half between now and the deadline. Your team will be a focal point; every team in the league will be. You've been going through this for a long time as a head coach. How do you get your team through that storm between now and the deadline?
Babcock: I just think we get ready for the next game. That's all we're doing, is you get ready for the next game. Every game you play as hard as you possibly can and you keep going. To me, you can spend a lot of time worried about the noise around you, or you can know what you know and do what you do and enjoy what you're doing. When you play hard at night, you get to enjoy the next day a lot more than when you don't. To me, that will be our focus – living in the present, getting better each day.
Through 41 games, what have you learned about your two goaltenders?
Babcock: Well, it's been an interesting ride. That's a real good question, by the way. I think both have had their struggles. Reims got it going earlier than Bernie did, and really played well, then obviously he went through the groin thing for a long period of time and he's trying to get his game back. Bernie really struggled and that's well documented. He didn't play like he's capable of playing. Now he seems to have things going and is feeling much better about himself. Obviously, we need him to play real well for us to be successful. It's a priority for us to continue to play well.
When you look at players like Morgan Rielly, Jake Gardiner, Nazem Kadri, Dion Phaneuf, who, by your own words, have played really, really well — they've really looked like they could be part of what you have going forward. You try to create that safe environment, and make sure that they feel good about themselves. How much is convincing them that it's about playing the right way, and not getting hung up on productivity numbers?
Babcock: What's been real interesting for me – when you think of Kadri, when you think of Rielly, when you think of Gardiner, I think they've been great. I think they get better each and every day. I think they've been real, real solid to say the least. I am very impressed with them. Even in the game last night, I thought Rielly was good, I thought Gardiner was good. I didn't think Naz was as good, but his game in LA I was so impressed with. They're out there running around, he's out there running around, too. I didn't know he is as competitive as he is or could be as good defensively; we play him against the best people and in the hardest matchups each night. He's doing a heck of a job. Those guys have done a real good job for us. Dion is different than those guys, because those guys are young guys moving ahead. Dion is more of a veteran player. What he's been able to provide for us that I didn't know was going to happen is that I didn't know he is as good of a man as he is, I didn't know he trained as hard as he did, and lived right and was on the young guys in a positive way as much as he is. To me, he has been excellent that way and has been a big part of us being able to get our players competing on a nightly basis; his preparation and him being on guys. Him, Polak, Leo and Hunwick have been unbelievable pros here.
Did you have to instigate that out of Dion, or did that just come about naturally?
Babcock: That's a great question. I don't know much about that. To me, when you've been a pro a long time, you've got a lot of things that you do. Any time a new coach or a new manager comes in, they've got things they want done a certain way. I never got any pushback from him at all. We discussed things, though – I try not to catch anybody by surprise. He's been all in and has done an excellent job for us. I talked to him a number of times the summer after I got the job. He was good the whole time. When our strength people, our sports science people, went out to see him, he was working hard. I think he's been excellent that way. Not knowing him prior, even though I had him at Olympic camp, not knowing him prior the way I know him now, I don't want to say I was shocked but I was pleasantly surprised at what a great pro he is.
There's so much focus on the young players with your team, and where the team is going, and the three or five-year plan, and focus on the draft and the draft lottery. But we were talking to Dale Tallon earlier in the week about what was going on in Florida. Obviously, there is going to be focus on Barkov and Ekblad and Huberdeau, and young players that area really playing well, but he couldn't talk enough about the Willie Mitchells and the Brian Campbells and the Jagrs and the Luongos. When you're building the winning team, or team that you believe can compete in the future, how important is it to have that fusion of young players who are impact players but also veteran players who have been there and done it before?
Babcock: I think it's so, so important. I just think about all the lessons that the players that the players can teach young players that the coach can't. The coach is not at the back of the plane, he is not at the back of the bus, he's not at the team meals. That's just reality. But when you have good people leading the way – when you have Datsyuk, Zetterberg, and Kronwall leading the way – and you bring in a young guy and put him in the stall next to him, they do things right and they take them for dinner. That's a great thing. The other night, when we were on the road, I don't know where we were, but I saw Bernier with Bibeau. And another time I saw Phaneuf with a young guy we called up. To me, those are the things that you need to have happened. You need people to show them the right way. It's easy in big cities, when you're a young person, to get going the wrong direction. So when you put them in an environment where they've got good pros around them, I think that really helps. To say you need all young people – that's not what you need at all. You need good direction for those guys so you need enough good leaders on the team. That's why I talked about Hunwick and Polak and Leo and Dion – I think they've done an excellent job this year.
Story highlights Falwell endorsed Trump in January
The White House declined to comment
Washington (CNN) Evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr., president of Liberty University, will lead an education task force put together by President Donald Trump, a spokesman for the university told CNN Thursday.
Len Stevens, the school's spokesman, said Falwell -- the son of Jerry Falwell Sr., the late televangelist -- will push to stop regulations coming out of the Education Department, especially those that apply to colleges and universities.
The White House declined to comment.
Falwell has been particularly interested in curbing rules that require schools to investigate campus sexual assault under Title IX, a federal law that bans discrimination in education.
"(Falwell) has an interest in eliminating what he feels are overreaches by the federal government, particularly the Department of Education, as pertains to colleges and universities across the country," Stevens told CNN in an email.
Read More
Unlike its rival game console makers, Nintendo has never really tried to sell the Wii U as a streaming-video powerhouse.
Sure, it has obligatory apps for Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, and YouTube; and it added anime service Crunchyroll last December, but Nintendo has otherwise seemed oblivious to the explosion of streaming-video options on other platforms. Services such as Sling TV, HBO Now, Crackle, Pluto.TV, and Plex are absent from Nintendo's console.
All the stranger, then, that the Wii U's sixth-ever streaming-video app is one you might have never heard of. It's called Watchup, and it acts as a kind of automated news channel. You tell the app which topics and news sources you like, and it strings together a daily newscast from short video clips. Watchup's Wii U app is tailor-made for the console, with the GamePad serving as a fancy touchscreen remote.
How did WatchUp become part of the Wii U streaming video catalog? According to Watchup founder and CEO Adriano Farano, Nintendo asked for it, seeking to fill a specific gap in its lineup.
The odd couple
“They actually came to us,” Farano said. “I can't speak for Nintendo, but when you look at their video app strategy, they've always been extremely careful about adding new titles.”
While gaming is clearly the focus at Nintendo, Farano said the Wii U has a “pretty engaged audience” of people who use the console for video, and presumably don't have cable TV. (Farano declined to give hard numbers, saying he wasn't allowed to share Nintendo's proprietary data.) After looking into the platform, and seeing that Watchup would have virtually no competition for streaming news, the startup began working on its Wii U app around the beginning of this year.
“We did our math, and we realized that there was a true opportunity there,” Farano says.
Watchup and the Wii U do seem like they were made for each other. When you launch Watchup for the first time, you use the GamePad's touch screen to choose a few favorite topics and media outlets, such as NBC, PBS NewsHour, the Wall Street Journal, and the Economist. You can also plug in a zip code to get news from your local channels, provided they post their video clips on the web.
The Wii U's GamePad provides playback controls and a description of the current story.
After setup, a newscast immediately starts playing on the television. Meanwhile, the GamePad shows a text description of the current story, thumbnail previews of upcoming stories, and playback controls. You can also give a thumbs up or down to the current story to help tweak Watchup's algorithms, or jump to a specific topic or news outlet.
You don't need the GamePad's screen to use Watchup—everything can be controlled directly on the television with a secondary Wii U control—but it helps. And if someone else wants to use the TV, you can instantly toggle the video to play on the GamePad's screen instead.
Jared Newman Pressing a button on the GamePad instantly switches video to the small screen.
“This is really the only platform where you can make a second-screen experience that is built into the hardware,” Farano said. “For a news app … that was extremely appealing to us from a product standpoint.”
Beyond the Wii U
Clearly, being on the Wii U is a big opportunity for Watchup, which now sits right next to Hulu, YouTube, Netflix, and Amazon in Nintendo's eShop. As Farano puts it, the startup gets to be “side-by-side with giants.”
What's less clear is whether people will notice. Farano mentioned some possible promotional support from Nintendo, along with its own marketing efforts, but for now, finding Watchup involves scrolling to the “video on demand” section at the bottom of the eShop. Chances are, people aren't accustomed to doing that, given how infrequently the Wii U has added any new video apps. And unlike Netflix or Hulu, Watchup probably isn't something that huge numbers of people are seeking out. The launch doesn't appear to be part of any renewed video push by Nintendo, though Netflix's Wii U app did get a redesign recently.
Still, Farano is optimistic about Watchup's Wii U app compared to its other TV apps on Xbox 360 and Amazon Fire TV, though he wouldn't get into numbers. “People spend more time on the bigger screen than on the smaller, just because the experience is more immersive, and we think that with the Wii U, we're going to see pretty similar levels of engagement,” Farano said.
Farano also hopes Watchup can apply its work on the Wii U to other platforms in the future. He mentioned Apple TV specifically—it's already possible to beam video from Watchup's iOS app to Apple TV via AirPlay—though Chromecast also seems like a good fit with its interplay between the phone and TV screen. “As we design our roadmap, we are always on the hunt where the Watchup experience can make a ton of sense,” Farano said.
He wouldn't say for sure, however, if Watchup might appear on whatever console Nintendo is working on next.
MADRID, Dec 21 (Reuters) - Mariano Rajoy was sworn in as Spain's new prime minister on Wednesday and was due to name a team which will need to strike a balance between reviving the stagnant economy and cutting the public deficit.
Rajoy has given no clues about his cabinet line-up since his centre-right People's Party (PP) won an election in November boosted by anger over the Socialist government's handling of the debt crisis.
He won a vote of confidence in parliament on Tuesday, the last step in the handover process before King Juan Carlos swore him in on Wednesday.
On Monday, Rajoy promised deep spending cuts at all levels of government to cut the deficit. But with unemployment running at 21.5 percent, he also offered tax breaks for companies in a bid to stimulate an economy which many analysts estimate has already entered recession.
Spain has the fourth-largest economy in the 17 countries which share the euro currency, and is at the centre of the bloc's debt crisis on concerns its economy is too big to be bailed out with a Greek-style aid package.
Fears over Spain's inability to put its public finances in order forced the government to offer record yields of 6.73 percent on its debt last month - close to levels which forced fellow euro zone members Greece, Ireland and Portugal to seek bailouts.
Borrowing costs, however, were down to a two-month low of 5.12 percent on Wednesday after banks mopped up government debt at an auction the day before, with much of the purchasing power said to come from cut-rate money to be lent by the European Central Bank.
Last supper 'has been super-sized', say obesity experts
Da Vinci's Last Supper was painted in the 15th Century The food portions depicted in paintings of the Last Supper have grown larger - in line with our own super-sizing of meals, say obesity experts. The Cornell University team studied 52 of the most famous paintings of the Biblical scene over the millennium and scrutinised the size of the feast. They found the main courses, bread and plates put before Jesus and his disciples have progressively grown by up to two-thirds. This, they say, is art imitating life. Professor Brian Wansink, who, with his brother Craig, led the research, published in the International Journal of Obesity, said: "The last thousand years have witnessed dramatic increases in the production, availability, safety, abundance and affordability of food. I'm really not surprised by these findings because the size of our plates and food portions has increased
Dietician Charlene Shoneye "We think that as art imitates life, these changes have been reflected in paintings of history's most famous dinner." He says the finding suggests that the phenomenon of serving bigger portions on larger plates has occurred gradually over the millennium. His team used computer-aided design technology to scan and calculate the relative measurements of items in the paintings, regardless of their orientation. These included works by El Greco, Leonardo Da Vinci, Lucas Cranach the Elder and Rubens. Based on the assumption that the width of an average loaf of bread from the time should be twice that of the average disciple's head, the researchers plotted the size of the Passover evening dishes. Super-sized The main meals grew 69% and plate size 66% between the oldest (carried out in 1000AD) and most recent (1700s) paintings. Bread size grew by about 23%. The sharpest increases were seen in paintings completed after 1500 and up to 1900AD. Craig Wansink, who is a professor of religious studies, says the changes in portion sizes is probably a reflection of culture rather than theology. "There is no religious reason why the meals got bigger. It may be that meals really did grow, or that people just became more interested in food." Charlene Shoneye, an obesity dietician for the charity Weight Concern, said: "I'm really not surprised by these findings because the size of our plates and food portions has increased. "Twenty years ago, for example, most crisps used to come in packs that were 20g. Now they are 30g, 50g or even 60g, and we are still eating the whole pack. "This super-sizing has changed our perception of normal." But she said it was not too late to reverse the trend and that individuals, society and the food industry should look to smaller portions. "Part of the problem is the type of food that has increased in size. Portions of fruit, veg and salad have not grown. They should make up about a third of your plate, with the remaining two-thirds left for protein and starchy foods."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
partial RSS feeds --> fulltexters --> the added value of comments and "the Statusphere" --> the need for social management of the ecosystem --> Twitter, Facebook, and Friendfeed.
An incendiary blog post is lighting up cyberspace this morning. Steve Gillmor of TechCrunch has written an article titled, "Rest in Peace, RSS" , in which he says that "it's time to get completely off RSS and switch to Twitter".To you non-computer geeks out there, RSS is a technology that, over the past few years, has revolutionized how people get information on the Web. Before RSS, people had to type in the URL of every website they wanted to visit just to see if there was any new material posted. What RSS did was retrieve the headlines on your favorite sites for you, allowing people to harness all of their Web headlines automatically, and then organize them in one central place. In other words, it offered a way to "stop looking and switch to receiving".To see working examples of this, check out The Nerfherder's Technology Blogroll and Political Blogroll - which are RSS pages I created long ago on Netvibes.So, to RSS devotees such as myself, Gillmor's requiem is quite a shock to the system. I imagine this is what it felt like for our parents' generation after they had spent years assembling beloved record collections, only to hear that now everything was about to shift to cassettes or CDs.Can it be true? Is RSS really on death's doorstep?The answer, it's hard to admit, might indeed be yes. For starters, and as I've written about before , RSS never quite caught on with the mainstream public. Why that's the case is a matter of debate, but one thing is clear - it doesn't exactly help in preventing RSS's extinction. Meanwhile, Twitter, by contrast, seems on the verge of breaking through into the mainstream consciousness.But perhaps the most thought-provoking assessment that Gillmor provides is his framing of recent Web evolution. He conceptualizes it by tracing the historical path fromAs a result, he argues that RSS has become "a shell of its former self, casually subsumed" into the social stream.This narrative is a fascinating interpretation on recent history, and the blogosphere has been firing on all cylinders today debating its merits. I, for one, believe it to be fairly accurate, as my own experience seems to mirror Gillmor's (although I have some lingering skepticism as to whether Twitter can be a viable replacement). However, does my continued use of RSS suddenly make me a backwards-looking technologist? That seems, somehow, awfully disturbing.
Obama's aggressive turn to Asia
24 November 2011
Obama's tour through Asia last week marked a turning point in geopolitics. On every front—diplomatic, economic and strategic—the US president set course for a confrontation with China as he sought to reassert untrammelled American dominance in the fastest growing region of the globe.
At the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Honolulu, Obama launched the Trans Pacific Partnership—a pact designed to ensure regional trade is conducted on Washington's terms. In Canberra, he announced the basing of US Marines in northern Australia, along with greater use of Australian air and naval bases—the first American military expansion into Asia since the end of the Vietnam War. At the East Asia Summit in Bali, despite China's opposition, Obama marshalled the support of South East Asian countries to force a discussion on the South China Sea—territorially-disputed waters of vital strategic and economic interest to China.
In his keynote speech to the Australian parliament, Obama made explicit his foreign policy shift to Asia. After a decade of fighting wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, he explained, “the United States is turning our attention to the vast potential of the Asia Pacific region.” Obama announced he had made “a deliberate and strategic decision—as a Pacific nation, the United States will play a larger and long-term role in shaping this region and its future.”
The turn to Asia is not a recent policy decision by Obama but stems from profound shifts in the global economy that were reflected in deep dissatisfaction in American ruling circles with the strategic orientation of the George W. Bush administration. Under the guise of a “war on terror,” Bush had plunged the US into two disastrous wars that had sapped the American military, undermined US diplomacy and generated immense opposition at home.
Bipartisan backing for the wars reflected broad support in Washington for the underlying strategy—to secure US hegemony in the Middle East and Central Asia over the world's largest energy reserves so as to be able to hold Washington's Asian and European rivals to ransom. What had been touted as easy victories, however, turned into quagmires. Criticism mounted, especially of Bush's failure to stem China's growing influence in Asia.
China's economic expansion over the past decade has been bound up with a major restructuring of manufacturing processes following the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis. Increasingly the East Asian and South East Asian economies became integrated into supply chains centred on production in China. Between 2000 and 2010, annual Chinese trade with the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) jumped from $39.4 billion to $292.8 billion. These economic processes found their reflection in regional free trade deals and in China's growing clout in regional forums such as ASEAN, ASEAN+3 and the East Asian Summit—gatherings either to which the US did not belong or which it did not attend.
The installation of Obama as president was backed by powerful sections of the American foreign policy establishment as the means of extricating the US from Iraq and Afghanistan and mounting an aggressive drive into the economically-dynamic Asian Pacific region. Amid the 2008-09 global financial crisis, Obama initially had to placate China—with top US officials travelling to Beijing to urge “America's banker” to buy more US bonds.
That phase quickly passed, however. The Obama administration signed ASEAN's Treaty of Amity and Cooperation—something Bush refused to countenance—and gained admittance to the ASEAN-based forums. In July 2009, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared at the ASEAN summit that the US was “back in South East Asia.” At an ASEAN gathering a year later, she asserted that the US had a “national interest” in the regional disputes in the South China Sea, prompting China's foreign minister Yang Jiechi to declare her remarks to be “virtually an attack on China.” US diplomatic efforts have been directed not just toward established allies, but to prising countries like Burma from China's sphere of influence.
As in the Middle East, the Obama administration's overwhelming focus in Asia has been on strengthening the US military posture. Over the past two years, it has upgraded strategic and military ties throughout the region, particularly with Japan, India and Australia. The US has provided warships to the Philippines, held unprecedented joint exercises with Vietnam, based a new generation of littoral combat ships in Singapore, announced a huge new weapons sale to Taiwan and lifted the ban on US collaboration with Indonesia's notorious Kopassus special forces. Last year, the Obama administration backed Japan in its tense standoff with China over the arrest of a Chinese fishing boat captain in disputed waters, provocatively declaring that the US would be obliged under treaty arrangements to support Japan in any conflict.
The Pentagon's strategy remains centred on controlling energy supplies. However, rather than seeking to bring the Middle East completely under its political sway, the US is counting on its military muscle to dominate China's vital shipping routes for energy and raw materials from the Middle East and Africa through key choke points—above all the Malacca Strait—to the South China Sea. These plans recall the way in which the US exploited its naval power to impose an oil blockade on Japan in 1941, triggering a chain of events that led to the Pacific War.
The intensity of the US drive into Asia is underscored by two significant political casualties. For all Obama's talks of “democracy,” his administration has brooked no opposition, even from close US allies. The White House had a hand in the resignation of Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama in June 2010 and one month later in the Labor Party coup that ousted Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. Hatoyama's “crime” was to oppose the retention of a key US base on Okinawa. Rudd's was to offer to facilitate an easing of tensions between the US and China. Both were replaced by staunchly pro-US figures.
The driving force behind this dangerous confrontation is the relative economic decline of US imperialism and the rise of China. The US is recklessly wielding its military power to compensate for its economic weakness as it seeks to retain global dominance. Despite the staggering indices of its economic growth, China is wracked by economic and social contradictions—above all, the explosive development of the Chinese working class. Beijing can no more afford to make concessions to Washington, than the US can cede an Asian sphere of influence to China. These tensions have been magnified by the worsening global economic crisis, as each power seeks to shore up its position at the other's expense.
Some astute bourgeois commentators are already drawing the historical parallels. In an article last Friday, Financial Times editor Lionel Barber explained: “Throughout the ages, the failure to accommodate rising powers—or rather the failure of rising powers to accommodate the existing state system—had been the source of conflict.” After pointing to the world wars sparked by the rise of Germany and Japan, he warned of the “risks of mutual miscalculation” by the US and China. Barber appealed for a modern day Klemens von Metternich to adjust relations between the Pacific powers, as the Austrian prince did in Europe following the Napoleonic wars.
The nineteenth century, however, was a different historic period. The epoch of imperialism that erupted in August 1914 has been marked by two world wars and now the threat of an even more devastating catastrophe. The only means for averting war is to abolish its root cause—the profit system and the division of the world into rival capitalist nation states. The International Committee of the Fourth International is the only political force that seeks to unify, educate and mobilise the international working class for that historic task.
Peter Symonds
Peter Symonds
Afghan journalist Mariam Aman said that people in Afghanistan are eager for a change from the violence and corruption of the last decade.
Mariam Aman is a 28-year-old Afghan journalist for BBC Persian. She describes the political awareness among Afghans and their excitement about voting in the presidential election last month, despite the danger. She also describes how Afghans, especially youth, are concerned about security as international troops prepare to leave. Follow Ms Aman on Twitter: @BBCMariamAman
Afghans are passionate about politics.
After what they have gone through in the past 30 years, they are aware of what their government, and those in other countries, are doing. They have lived on the front lines of the Cold War. They have experienced the devastation of terrorism first hand, they realise the stakes are high.
In the run-up to this month's election, you could feel the excitement and anticipation grow by the day. Despite the bad winter (do you know how harsh the winter is in Afghanistan?), they showed up in droves to pre-election rallies. On voting day, the turnout was nearly 60 per cent — much higher than in previous years.
A reason for the high turnout — and excitement — seemed to be the youth of Afghanistan, where more than 70 per cent of the population is younger than 25.
They could have been seen on the campaign trial, tirelessly volunteering for their favourite candidates. They worked non-stop on social media sites and became active in civil society groups.
There were many volunteers that campaigned for the different candidates. They came every day and were dedicated workers. They were active in social media and active in civil society.
There were many reasons for this excitement and the presence of all this youth.
Part of the underlying motivation for such enthusiastic participation is a considerable anti-Taliban sentiment that is prevalent here, especially among the young.
Afghans took part in the election as a way to defy the Taliban, despite a spike in violence in the weeks before polls opened.
Afghans also have a strong desire for change. They are tired of the corruption that plagued the government of Mr Karzai for the past 13 years, during which the country received billions of dollars in international aid but saw little effect of that money on the ground.
One of the most important issues in this election was the security situation, especially the Bilateral Security Agreement, which sets conditions for US troops to remain in the country after this year.
The deal is currently in limbo because the current Afghan president, Hamid Karzai, refuses to sign it.
This has everyone here worried.
But the two leading candidates — Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani — were clear about the BSA, both of them stated that signing it would be one of the first things they do if elected.
Afghans are worried that not only will violence increase when foreign troops leave, but the economy — which is relies on the service industry — will shrivel up.
However, I don't know if it was only a passing phenomenon or something far bigger, but this election has created an environment of optimism.
Just two months ago there was a pessimism about the future in Afghanistan.
I don't know if Afghanistan will again fall into the trap of civil war and tear itself apart.
But the participation in the election changed people's perceptions.
It shows the political maturity of the Afghan people. And for a country that has known decades of war, there is no other way.
foreign.desk@thenational.ae
Corridors of powder: Drug scandal at the Houses of Parliament after traces of cocaine are found on toilets across Palace of Westminster
Evidence of class A drug use detected in UK's seat of power
Chemical swabs found substance on toilet seats and hair dryers
Drug was also found in toilets close to MPs' offices, away from public areas
Evidence of cocaine use has been found inside toilets at the Houses of Parliament, including some just yards from MPs' offices.
Traces of the class A drug were found in nine toilets throughout the Palace Of Westminster, the meeting place of the UK's political elite .
The powder was detected in toilets used by guests at Parliament's bars, as well as cubicles a few yards away from MPs' offices - areas where members of the public are restricted from going.
Not to be sniffed at: Evidence of cocaine use has been uncovered at the Houses of Parliament
Charlie: Possession of cocaine can get you up to seven years in jail. File picture
The drug use was uncovered using cocaine indicator swabs, which come up with blue blotches when rubbed on surfaces where the drug has been laid out in lines, such as toilet seats and hairdryers. The swabs are used by the police and customs officers.
As Parliament's toilets are cleaned regularly, the white powder must have been snorted in the past few hours, according to reporters from The Sun , who did the testing.
Users would have to smuggle the drug past extensive security checks and 500 police officers and guards.
The reporters, acting on a tip-off from a House of Commons insider, claim to have found evidence of the drug in the cubicles of the toilets outside Strangers' Bar and in private areas close to MPs' offices.
High office: The cocaine use was uncovered using test kits, similar to the one pictured
Tory MP Douglas Carswell was scathing about the find.
He said: 'With decadence comes something rotten. It suggests there is something rotten about the institution itself.'
On two occasions cannabis has been confiscated at Westminster's entry checkpoints since the start of 2008, according to Freedom of Information request.
A Parliamentary spokesman said: 'Parliament is a public place and we welcome over a million visitors a year who have either direct access to these facilities or access when accompanied.
'Clearly, it is inappropriate to monitor what happens in toilet facilities. In addition, we have issued over 14,000 passes, held by contractors and other third parties, as well as staff of both Houses, Members and their staff.
'Consequently, it is impossible to know who may be involved. Our security searches are focussed on preventing harm to others and the building, not the detection of small amounts of drugs.
'Parliament takes the issue of substance misuse very seriously and offers a range of welfare and health support services for those who need them.'
A few days ago a Parliamentary watchdog said MPs should have an 11 per cent pay rise to £74,000 a year.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- NASA is seeking innovative technology for the agency's future exploration missions in the solar system and beyond, including the Journey to Mars, from other U.S. government agencies, academia, the aerospace industry and the public through the new iTech initiative.
NASA Logo
NASA's iTech initiative is a yearlong effort to find innovative ideas through a call for white papers that address challenges that will fill gaps in five critical areas identified by NASA as having a potential impact on future exploration. The technology areas are: radiation protection; life support systems in space; astronaut crew health; in-space propulsion; and the ability to achieve very high-resolution measurements of key greenhouse gases.
"NASA has programs to address the agency's current exploration goals, but we want to also include non-traditional innovators we haven't heard from before," said Kira Blackwell, Innovation program executive within NASA's Office of the Chief Technologist in Washington. "NASA's iTech is a collaborative effort with other agencies, universities, industry and the public to help us reach mutually beneficial technology goals."
The iTech initiative is open to U.S. citizens, universities, organizations and businesses. The call for papers opens Sept. 21 and closes Oct. 17. A panel of subject-matter experts will review the papers and down-select the top 10 finalists based on their relevance and potential impact in the technology topic areas.
The top 10 finalists will be invited to present their solutions at the NASA iTech Forum at NASA Headquarters in Washington from Dec. 5-8. As part of the forum, top innovators will have the opportunity to discuss their work with industry participants and explore new technology development partnerships.
NASA iTech is an initiative by the Office of the Chief Technologist and managed by the National Institute of Aerospace (NIA) in Hampton, Virginia. NIA will assist the first cycle of NASA iTech selectees by providing six months of mentoring with the goal of developing a customized implementation plan to further move the innovation toward real-world use.
For information about the NASA iTech initiative, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/offices/oct/overview
For information about NASA's Office of the Chief Technologist, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/oct
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20081007/38461LOGO
SOURCE NASA
Related Links
http://www.nasa.gov
Just as Bill Clinton wasn't black, but he was called “America's first black president…
I believe Donald Trump should be called “America's first Jewish president.”
I should know. I'm an Ivy League-educated Jewish kid from New York.
Trust me, Donald Trump is as close as you can come to being our first Jewish president.
The very unique traits that have made him a billionaire and now President of the United States are as Jewish as you can get!
Let me prove to you that Donald is our first Jewish president…
Donald is a lifelong New York businessman, who made his fortune in real estate. You can't get more Jewish than that.
Well actually you can. His winter home Mar-a-Lago is on the East Coast of South Florida.
When he bought his Florida home and turned it into a popular and exclusive country club, he specifically opened the membership up to Jews. Mar-a-Lago was the first club that ever allowed Jews in Palm Beach. Donald changed the customs of the most-wealthy, WASP-y town in America to favor Jews.
Donald is family-oriented and clearly loves and dotes on all his children. He is bursting with pride at his children's success. That could be the most Jewish trait of all. To Jews, family and children are everything.
Donald is your typical Jewish parent. Donald's children are all Ivy League graduates- just like my daughter who recently graduated magna cum laude from Harvard.
Donald's daughter Ivanka has converted to orthodox Judaism. That makes Donald the first president in the history of America with orthodox Jewish grandkids.
Donald is handing his business over to his children. That is the goal of every Jewish businessman in history.
Donald is the most hardworking businessman I've ever met. That is a trait handed down to me by my Yiddish grandfather. I believe it is the main reason for the success of the Jewish people. I've been a workaholic, just like Donald, my entire life.
Donald has never worked for others. He owns all of his own businesses. My Jewish butcher father David Root taught me that 2 things mattered above all else in life- being a good father and always owning your own business.
Donald has more chutzpah than anyone I've ever met in my life. Chutzpah is a unique word that comes from the Yiddish language. It means you are so ambitious, you aim so high that people think you're nuts. Donald aims higher than anyone who has ever lived. Now he's President of the United States!
Donald is the most relentless person I've ever met. Relentless is a very uniquely Jewish trait. Jews are relentless fighters- we have survived thousands of years of hate, discrimination, persecution, robbery, slavery and murder. We haven't just survived…we have thrived! I wrote the book, “The Power of RELENTLESS.” Of course it was endorsed by Mr. Relentless himself, Donald Trump.
Donald is a big success in Hollywood as a TV producer. He joins an exclusive club that is predominantly Jewish. I should know. I have created, Executive Produced and hosted hit TV shows my entire adult life.
Donald is a bigger-than-life personality. He has dynamic communication skills. He's very charismatic, opinionated, ambitious, aggressive, combative, committed and passionate about his ideas and beliefs. He says whatever is on his mind, even if it offends. All of those are traits I've seen in my Jewish friends, relatives and business partners for my entire life.
Many of Donald's political views and policies are tailor-made for Jews. He could be the most pro-Israel president in history. Donald will always stand with the Jews of Israel.
How strong are Donald's bonds to Israel? He was the Grand Marshal of the annual “Salute to Israel” parade.
The Jewish National Fund awarded Donald the “Tree of Life” award for his lifetime of support for the Jewish people and the state of Israel.
Jewish Week found that Donald has given generously for many years to Jewish charities. A professor of “American Jewish History” calls Trump's charitable giving to Jewish causes “impressive” and clearly out of the ordinary for a non-Jew.
His stance on “extreme vetting” and stopping the mass importation of Muslim refugees should be welcomed and enthusiastically embraced by every American Jew. Donald's goal is the same as mine- keeping people out of our country who could commit acts of terrorism and who have an unnatural hatred and prejudice toward Jews.
One of Donald's first priorities as president is to re-negotiate the Iran deal- perhaps the worst treaty ever negotiated in U.S. history and a danger to Israel's future survival.
Donald is the strongest anti-terrorism president possible. He understands our enemy is radical Islam. He uses the words “Islamic extremist” in the same sentence. That alone makes Donald the best friend Jews ever had.
Amazingly, who was one of the very first world leaders to talk to Donald after his victory? Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel. Coincidence?
Speaking of best friends, many of Donald's friends, business partners, executives at the Trump organization, country club members at Mar-a-Lago and trusted lawyers and advisers are Jewish. No U.S. president has ever in history been surrounded by so many Jewish friends and advisers.
Trust me, by almost every possible measurement, we've just elected our first Jewish president.
Flashback: Trent Reznor and Al Jourgensen's Dance Daze
Ah, the salad days. Some people may not know it, but both Ministry's Al Jourgensen and Nine-Inch Nails' Trent Reznor were actually synth pop and glammy before finding their industrial edge. Many fans remember those times before The Land Of Rape And Honey and Pretty Hate Machine (respectively) transformed both groups into heavier industrial rock entities, and then Psalm 69 and The Downward Spiral smashed them through mainstream barriers. For those that do, the following two videos from the mid-'80s are nostalgic throwbacks. For younger (and some older) listeners who have only heard the heavy stuff, this video couplet will certainly come as a surprise. It's not that you can't dance to these groups now; you're just more likely to slamdance.
Allegory of True Love, 1485–90. Hans Memling , Young woman in a conical hennin with black velvet lappets or brim and a sheer veil, from the, 1485–90.
The hennin (Dutch: henninck ‘cock' (cf. English lastname: Hancock) > French: hennin[1]) was a headdress in the shape of a cone or "steeple", or truncated cone worn in the late Middle Ages by European women of the nobility.[2] They were most common in Lebanon, Syria, Burgundy and France,[citation needed] but also elsewhere, especially at the English courts,[3] and in Northern Europe, Hungary and Poland. They are little seen in Italy. It is unclear what styles the word hennin described at the time, though it is recorded as being used in French in 1428, probably before the conical style appeared.[citation needed] The word does not appear in English until the 19th century.[4] The term is therefore used by some writers on costume for other female head-dresses of the period.[5]
Conical hennins [ edit ]
French hennin of c.1460 is worn with several white veils, one reaching to the face (nb the white crescent at the tip of the "steeple" belongs to the figure behind)
These appear from about 1430 onwards,[6] especially after the mid-century, initially only among aristocratic women, though later spreading more widely, especially in the truncated form. Typically, the hennin was 30 to 45 cm high, but might be considerably higher, as much as 80 cm according to some sources. The tops of some of these conical hats were pointed while others were truncated, ending in a flat top. It was generally accompanied by a veil, formally termed a cointoise, that usually emerged from the top of the cone and was allowed to fall onto the woman's shoulders or even to the ground, or was pulled forward over the hennin, often reaching over the woman's face.
The hennin was worn tilted backward at an angle. It was made of light material, often card or a wire mesh over which a light fabric was fixed, although little is known of the details of their construction. There was often a cloth lappet, or "cornet" in French,[7] in front of the hennin covering part of the brow, and sometimes falling onto the shoulders to either side. There is very often a "frontlet" or short loop seen on the forehead (right), to adjust the hennin forward, and perhaps even to hold it on in wind.[8]
It was fashionable to pluck or shave the forehead to raise the hairlines.[9] The hair was tied tightly on the scalp and usually hidden inside the cone (possibly one end of the veil was tied to the hair and wrapped round, with the free end being pulled through the hole at the tip of the cone). However some images show long hair worn loose behind the hennin.
Nowadays, the hennin forms part of the costume of the stereotypical fairy tale princess. There are some manuscript illuminations that show princesses or queens wearing small crowns either round the brim or at the top of the hennin; it is likely that the very small crown of Margaret of York, Duchess of Burgundy (now in the Treasury of Aachen Cathedral) was worn like this for her famously lavish wedding celebrations in 1468.
Definition [ edit ]
Various writers on costume history use hennin to cover a variety of different styles. Almost all agree that the steeple-cone style was a hennin, and the truncated ("flowerpot") versions, and many also include the heart-shaped open-centred fabric tubes of the earlier part of the century. Some also use the term to cover beehive-shaped fabric head-coverings of the mid-century (as in the Van der Weyden workshop painting in the Gallery). Others also use it for the head-dresses divided to right and left of the early part of the century, such as those in which Christine de Pisan is usually depicted (see Gallery). In some of these only white cloth is visible, but in later examples worn by aristocrats rich fabric can be seen through translucent veils. Some use it for the horned hairstyle with a wimple on top.
Recreated costume of a Lebanese princess from the nineteenth century, including a Hennin
The Chronique of Enguerrand de Monstrelet records that in 1428, in what seems to be the first record of the term "hennin", the radical Carmelite friar Thomas Conecte railed against extravagant headdresses of...
...the noble ladies, and all others, who dressed their heads in so ridiculous a manner, and who spent such large sums on such luxuries of fashion.[10]
Thomas urged street boys to chase after such ladies and pluck off their headdresses, crying "Au hennin!", even granting indulgences to those who did so, although as so often in medieval documentary records, no clue as to the form of the "hennins" is given.[11] Based on the evidence from visual records, they were probably not conical head-dresses, which are first seen slightly later. The Catalan poet Gabriel Mòger mocked the "tall deformed hat" (lonch cap deformat) that was popular with Majorcan women of the time.[12]
Gallery [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Environmentalist says plans, which also include hotels and a marina, are 'complete madness' and warn public to be sceptical
Israel is considering plans to build an artificial island off the coast of the Gaza Strip to house a sea and airport, and encourage tourism in the area.
Yisrael Katz, the Israeli minister for transport, said the plan had been under consideration for many months and had been encouraged by Binyamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister. He said it would also relieve Israel of the obligation to be the transit point for goods into the enclave.
The Gaza Strip has no seaport and its airport was destroyed. The area is the sixth most crowded place in the world. Since 2007, Israel, which controls the majority of Gaza's borders has only allowed limited kinds of goods into Gaza and allowed very few exports out. Gazans have got round restrictions by smuggling goods from Egypt through tunnels.
Katz said he expected the island would be under international control for at least 100 years to ensure Israel's security. "We have built models and there are many entrepreneurs who are interested and prepared to invest billions and make money," he told Israel Army Radio
A spokesman for the Israeli ministry of transport said the main aim of the plan was to improve the quality of life for Palestinians in Gaza while ensuring Israel's security. "The island would be three square miles and it would be linked to Gaza with a three mile-long bridge which could take vehicles, trains and pipes for oil and gas. The island would have hotels, tourist areas, a marina with yachts and an airport and a seaport."
He estimated that the project would cost up to $10bn (£6.2bn), create 100,000 jobs and take up to 10 years to complete.
Environmentalists and Palestinian officials, however, described the venture as "fantasy" and "madness", and accused the minister of political opportunism.
A spokesman for the Israeli Ministry of Environmental Protection said they had not been consulted about the project. Previous plans for a deepwater port in the Gaza Strip have stalled, partly because of Israel's security concerns, but also because any developments could cause massive damage to the whole coast of Israel.
Gidon Bromberg, director of Friends of the Earth Middle East, described the project as "complete madness".
"This sort of thing makes no sense whatsoever," he said. "The environmental implications would be felt along the coast of Gaza and Israel. Even the building of a marina caused a two-mile scar of beach erosion in Israel which the developer's planning had not predicted. The public should be very sceptical."
Ghassan Khatib, spokesman for the Palestinian Authority, said that if Israel wanted to improve the lives of Palestinians there were lots of simpler measures they could take. "This is pure fantasy and it is not the concern of Israel. If they want to help Palestinians, they must end the siege on Gaza, and allow the reintegration of the West Bank and Gaza and the establishment of a Palestinian state. Then they are welcome to make proposals."
Former GOP senator Bob Bennett lay partially paralyzed in his bed on the fourth floor of the George Washington University Hospital. He was dying.
Not 48 hours had passed since a stroke had complicated his yearlong fight against pancreatic cancer. The cancer had begun to spread again, necessitating further chemotherapy. The stroke had dealt a further blow that threatened to finish him off.
Between the hectic helter-skelter of nurses, doctors, and well wishes from a long-cultivated community of friends and former aides, Bennett faced a quiet moment with his son Jim and his wife Joyce.
It was not a moment for self-pity.
Instead, with a slight slurring in his words, Bennett drew them close to express a dying wish: “Are there any Muslims in the hospital?” he asked.
“I'd love to go up to every single one of them to thank them for being in this country, and apologize to them on behalf of the Republican Party for Donald Trump,” Bennett told his wife and son, both of whom relayed this story to The Daily Beast.
The rise of Donald Trump had appalled the three-term Utah senator, a Republican who fell victim to the Tea Party wave of the 2010 midterms. His vote for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP, had alienated many conservative activists in his state, who chose lawyer Mike Lee as the GOP nominee for Senate instead.
But as Bennett reflected on his life and legacy in mid-April, following the stroke, he wasn't focused on the race that ended his political career. Instead, he brought up the issue of Muslims in America—over and over again.
He mentioned it briefly in a hospital interview with the Deseret News, a Utah news outlet. “There's a lot of Muslims here in this area. I'm glad they're here,” the former senator told the newspaper in April, describing them as “wonderful.”
“In the last days of his life this was an issue that was pressing in his mind… disgust for Donald Trump's xenophobia,” Jim Bennett said. “At the end of his life he was preoccupied with getting things done that he had felt was left undone.”
Trump's proposal to ban Muslim immigrants from America had outraged the former senator, his wife Joyce said, triggering his instincts to do what he could on a personal level. They ultimately did not canvass the hospital, but Bennett had already made an effort in his last months of life.
As they traveled from Washington to Utah for Christmas break, Bennett approached a woman wearing a hijab in the airport.
“He would go to people with the hijab [on] and tell them he was glad they were in America, and they were welcome here,” his wife said. “He wanted to apologize on behalf of the Republican Party.”
“He was astonished and aghast that Donald Trump had the staying power that he had… He had absolutely no respect for Donald Trump, and I think got angry and frustrated when it became clear that the party wasn't going to steer clear of Trumpism,” his son relayed.
Bennett's Mormon faith also played into his beliefs on Trump and Muslims: the billionaire's proposal to ban Muslims prompted the LDS Church to issue a statement in support of religious freedom, quoting its founder saying he would “die in defending the rights… of any denomination who may be unpopular and too weak to defend themselves.”
“That was something my father felt very keenly—recognizing the parallel between the Mormon experience and the Muslim experience. [He] wanted to see these people treated with kindness, and not ostracized,” Jim Bennett said.
His concern for Muslims was not the only issue he raised in his last days: to his brother-in-law, he spoke urgently on plans for low-income housing in Salt Lake City; to his son Jim, he mentioned a land management plan to mitigate the effects of drought.
“His sense of humor was still there,” his wife recalls, as the former senator lay bedridden, unable to swallow or stand up. At the end of his days, Bennett cried out, “Procrustes!”—a reference, and a joke about, the Greek mythological figure who stretched or cut off people's legs in order to force them to fit on a bed.
As this all occurred, letters flowed in from former staff and friends from a long career in politics. One former aide recalled an incident in which she had lied to a television producer to excuse her boss's lateness for an interview. Outed by the producer, the senator had found out about the fib.
“‘I never want you to lie for me, and I'll never ask you or any of my staffers to lie for me,'” the staffer, who asked to remain anonymous, recalled Bennett saying to her. “I realized that I was working for a man of great integrity. It was something kind of stuck with me.”
At his D.C.-area funeral—he had two, the second in Utah—there was an outpouring of grief from both sides of the aisle. Both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid spoke at the service.
“As someone who worked hard to bring both sides together to solve problems, it was only fitting that Bob Bennett brought together the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Minority Leader to deliver remarks at his memorial service,” Tara DiJulio, a former Bennett spokesperson, told The Daily Beast. “When there was a problem before us, he always worked hard and challenged his staff to find common ground between both parties without wavering on his core principles.”
The Tea Party wave that ousted Bennett from the Senate in 2010 was one of the first signs of popular discontent that has arguably led to the tsunami of support for Donald Trump. As that initial wave receded, it swept away many of the values that Bennett cherished: bipartisanship and concern for vulnerable refugees among them.
But even as he was passing away, Bennett struggled to press the issues—to ensure that though his life was ending, the ideas he held dear would not go with it. He died Wednesday, May 4.
The state says its only ensuring that doctors verify Medicaid patients are following federal abortion payment rules. But mental health seems to have suspiciously been left off as an acceptable reason for an abortion.
Alaska Governor Sean Parnell. Al Grillo / The Associated Press
Anti-choice lawmakers have made no secret of their intention to strip away every health exception possible in their quest to ban abortions. So its not surprising that mental health exceptions are slowly being eliminated from the newest abortion ban proposals.
Alaska may be getting in on the act, too. The Alaska Department of Health plans to force doctors to fill out paper work confirming women who use Medicaid to pay for their abortions are adhering to the federal rules established by the Hyde Amendment, which only allows funding in cases of rape, incest, or a woman's health. But when a doctor is given options to choose from on the form, “psychological health” is gone.
Via Anchorage Daily News:
A rule now on the books defines a medically necessary abortion as one that improves “a condition harmful to the woman's physical or psychological health.” The proposed change says an abortion can be eligible for payment if “the health of the mother is endangered by the pregnancy.” Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE The elimination of the reference to “psychological health” appears to be a significant change that could rule out abortion coverage for many women, said Clover Simon, Planned Parenthood spokeswoman. “You have to be suspicious, because there have been so many attacks on a woman's right to obtain an abortion, especially poor women, in Alaska. So we have to be extra vigilant,” she said. rRead more here: http://www.adn.com/2012/07/11/2538721/proposed-rule-on-abortion-certification.html#storylink=cpy
The group is probably right to be suspicious. Considering the ongoing effort by anti-choice legislators to redefine what constitutes a “medically necessary abortion,” as well as Governor Sean Parnell's anti-choice zealotry, taking the state at its word that the bill is not changing the types of abortions that will be covered is quite a leap of faith.
The new regulations are open for public comment until July 30th.
Another Brick in the FrameworkPoS
Introduction
FrameworkPoS is a well-documented family of malware that targets Point of Sale (PoS) systems and has been attributed to at least one high profile retail breach. The malware author(s) have continued to improve upon the original malware, releasing several versions since it was first discovered. In a recent investigation Trustwave discovered a new variant of FrameworkPoS. The new variant uses two PowerShell scripts for execution and a new obfuscation method for exfiltration of cardholder Data (CHD). As always, it is important to provide details and resources to aid the community in protection and detection of emerging threats.
Powering the Malware
As operating systems change, malware authors adapt with them. PowerShell has been around since 2006, but wasn't installed by default on Windows XP. With the end of life occurring a few years ago for that operating system, the adoption of Windows 7 has increased. Windows 7 and its successors have PowerShell enabled by default and provide a powerful interface into the system from the command line and PowerShell scripts.
Previous versions of FrameworkPoS were installed as a service in an attempt to hide and persist on victim systems. This version uses two PowerShell scripts, which can inject either a 32-bit or 64-bit version of the malware into memory. The first script simply executes the second script. This is because the second script is taken almost directly from a publicly available set of scripts called PowerSploit. As described on their website, " PowerSploit is a collection of Microsoft PowerShell modules that can be used to aid penetration testers during all phases of an assessment."
In this case the attacker slightly modified the injection abilities of a PowerSploit script and used it to base64 encode both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of FrameworkPoS and inject them into memory. This makes the malware more difficult to detect since the binaries are never written to disk. As more environments move to Windows 7 and newer operating systems, it is likely that we will see an increase in the use of PowerShell to execute malware. PowerShell allows powerful access to the system and is present by default on the Windows operating system.
Inside FrameworkPoS
Like a lot of malware, FrameworkPoS starts out by creating a mutex "m_number3". This is used to prevent multiple copies of the malware simultaneously running on the system. When the malware starts it checks to see if the mutex exists already and exits if it does. FrameworkPoS also looks for a file called "ldr.mem" and reads it in if it exists, however the data is never used. A second mutex is created: "MuTeX-Check" but never accessed by anything else in the binary. The malware collects system-identifying information in the form of hostname and IP address, encodes it, and stores it for later use.
Encoding
The encoding is a custom encoding technique involving a substitution cipher and XOR key. The first array contains a slightly jumbled set of these characters: [A-Za-z0-9=^/.;]:
^=/0123456789ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklm;no.pqrstuvwxyz
The character to be encoded is looked up in this array and the index of where it is in the array is stored. This index is used to select a character from the second array:
ILMxgTnvbzVtBiry3=X^KWQAG847oYdFZlR1NPe5j/mS0hODs.aU2qkCJ6H;wcu9fpE
For example the number 9 is at index 12 in the first array. The character B would be selected from the second array. This character is then XOR'd with 0xAA and added to the string. B (0x42 ^ 0xAA = 0xE8) becomes part of the exfiltration string as e8. To make this easier I've written a python script to decrypt either a string or a file. The binary also contains several obfuscated strings that are simply XOR'd with 0x4D.
Memory Scraping
Many variants of FrameworkPoS use a blacklist to prevent wasting computer cycles and limit false positives in applications that are unlikely to contain credit card information. This variant was no different using the following black list:
smss.exe
csrss.exe
wininit.exe
services.exe
lsass.exe
svchost.exe
winlogon.exe
sched.exe
spoolsv.exe
System
conhost.exe
ctfmon.exe
wmiprvse.exe
mdm.exe
taskmgr.exe
explorer.exe
RegSrvc.exe
firefox.exe
chrome.exe
The credit card hunting algorithm for FrameworkPoS is similar to other variants of the family, capturing both track 1 and track 2 data and verifying the numbers using the Luhn algorithm. The verified numbers are encoded with the method discussed in the previous section.
Exfiltration?
The encoded system information and CHD is compiled into a dot notation.
As you can see this decoded into (these card numbers are from a fake track generator application):
The encoded information is written to a dump file at the hardcoded location:
%WINDIR%\Temp\Perflib_Perfdata_f44.dat
Previous versions would append a DNS name to the end and perform a DNS request to get the information back to the C&C server. This variant did not have any code for performing the exfiltration. It is possible that another piece exists or that the attacker was manually grabbing the dump files from victim systems. The malware sleeps for ten seconds and continues to scrape CHD.
WTF Mate?
FrameworkPoS has never been accused of being sophisticated. The malware is known for XORing strings with 0x4D to obfuscate them in the binary. However, previous versions had the clear-text strings in the binary, then XOR'd them with 0x4D only to immediately XOR them again with 0x4D. Even more inexplicable is that two FrameworkPoS variants look for a specific hardcoded credit card number. Each time a credit card number is found in memory, it is checked against the hard coded number. If there is a match, a special "notice" line is added to the exfiltration file along with the name of the application the number was found in. The notice follows this format:
IP.Hostname.notice.name_of_application
We have communicated with the appropriate authorities about the number contained in the samples. This is the first time I've ever heard of a malware author targeting specific credit card number, especially when they already have all the information needed to commit fraud on the card. It is unclear the purpose of this mechanism.
This variant has a very Frankenstein feel to it. As if segments of code from other variants and malware families are added without removing dead code. The malware contained pieces of several techniques that were never fully developed. For instance, the variant opened up a file and never used what it read in, WSAStartup was performed but no network traffic occurred, and a mutex name was registered but never checked. The malware also contained timing intervals used in previous versions to control exfiltration, but did not do any automated exfiltration.
Conclusion
FrameworkPoS has never been the most sophisticated malware on the market, but it has been effective. It is responsible for at least one major breach and several variants have been released since its inception. Using techniques like PowerShell injection and DNS exfiltration have contributed to successful campaigns for the malware author. Our goal with this blog is to expose techniques employed by this recent FrameworkPoS variant, and to raise awareness about upcoming malware trends. The first step in protecting yourself is to understand the threat itself. We have publicly released a decoding script to help the security community dissect and quickly understand how this point of sale malware attempts to hide and exfiltrate its targeted CHD data. Let's keep the upcoming Holiday season safe for everyone!
Photo: Steen Brogaard, Kongehuset (The Royal Court).
His Royal Highness Prince Henrik of Denmark, the husband of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, has been diagnosed with dementia, the Danish Royal Court announced.
A series of examinations have been conducted during the late summer, and a team of specialists from the Rigshospitalet has now concluded that Prince Henrik suffers from dementia. The diagnosis implies a decline in Prince Henrik's cognitive functional level and the extent of the cognitive failure is greater than expected considering Prince Henrik's age. This can be accompanied by changes in behaviour, reaction patterns, judgement and emotional life and the interaction with the outside world.
As a consequence, Prince Henrik will further downgrade his future activities, such as where patronages and honorary membership are considered. The Queen and the Royal Family have asked that Prince Henrik should have the peace and quiet as required by the situation.
Prince Henrik of Denmark has been married to the then Princess Margrethe since 1967, and the couple has two sons, Crown Prince Frederik (born 1968) and Prince Joachim (born 1969) and eight grandchildren. Margrethe II succeeded as Queen of Denmark upon the death of her father in 1972. Prince Henrik has often complained about not being King, as the wives of Kings are usually Queens. In 2005, he was given the title “Prince Consort”, which he gave up in 2016 as part of his retirement. Henrik said in an interview, “It angers me that I am discriminated against. Denmark, which is seemingly known as an avid defender of gender equality, apparently, is ready to be considered useless husbands their wives.”
The change in title was at first not officially announced, but he was listed on his biography page of the Danish Royal Family's official website as simply ‘Prins Henrik' and also on the guest list for the Mexican state visit gala. It was later confirmed by Lene Balleby, to TV2.
“Prince Henrik in his desire – in continuation of his retirement – changed his title to the less formal Prince Henrik. HRH seems that the title is better suited to his current situation as a pensioner,” she told the media outlet.
0 18 0 0 0 Don't be shellfish...
Come! Bike with us! And learn about the local ecology while you're at it. It's a free and fun chance to connect with C-U in a way you probably never have before.
The Tour de France isn't the only bike tour going on this summer. The Tour de Fruit is one part community bike ride and one part fruit-seeking adventure. Neutral Cycle, partnered with C-U Wild Fruit, takes you on a free guided tour around Champaign-Urbana, helping you to connect you with your surroundings by focusing on local flora.
Our last event was a huge success and we're hoping this second event is too! This time we'll be heading out on a 13-mile ride, and venturing outside of Champaign-Urbana proper. We'll be exploring edible, dye, and medicinal plants, both invasive and not. And to top things off, the ride will finish with a dessert made from locally-foraged ingredients at the Red Herring.
Saturday's event will begin at 3:00 p.m. at Neutral Cycle. It's a longer ride, so be ready for a 3-hour round trip. If you're interested in joining in, please RSVP on Facebook, so we can get an idea of the number of people who'll be participating.
Oh, and be sure to bring the following:
Sunscreen. Water.
Seriously, bring both of these. You'll need them. Mom would agree.
To see where we'll be going, click on the picture below to access a Google Map with information about the different stops.
And last, but not least. If you're interested in this event, but not able to make it, don't be dismayed! We plan on having more 'rounds' this fall, so keep an eye out for them on the Neutral Cycle and C-U Wild Fruit Facebook pages.
2598 Total Views 6 Views Today
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
Email
Just three weeks before Donald Trump triggered a national firestorm over his claims that U.S. Judge Gonzalo Curiel was biased against him because of his Mexican heritage, his lead lawyer in the Trump University case praised Curiel for a “sound decision” and said he had no plans to file a motion for him to be recused.
“The judge is doing his job,” said Daniel Petrocelli, shaking his head, when asked if planned to seek Curiel's recusal. “We're not seeking to recuse the judge.”
The comments by Petrocelli, who heads the defense team for the presumptive Republican nominee, were made to reporters outside the federal courthouse in San Diego on May 6 (and videotaped by Yahoo News) after a key pre-trial hearing on the Trump University case. They got no national media attention at the time.
But they could now undercut Trump's repeated assertions that Curiel, who was born in Indiana, had an “absolute conflict” because he is “Mexican” and should therefore disqualify himself. Legal experts across the political spectrum and Republican Party leaders including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have denounced Trump's slurs on Curiel's impartiality.
“I've been treated very unfairly by the judge,” Trump told CNN's Jake Tapper last Friday. “This judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall. … I think he should recuse himself.”
Petrocelli, a renowned civil litigator who has spearheaded Trump's defense in the Trump University case, praised Curiel after the May 6 hearing and for good reason: The judge had arguably done Trump a huge favor. The plaintiffs in the case, who claim they were defrauded out of tens of thousands of dollars they paid for Trump University seminars they say were largely worthless, had pushed for a trial date this summer in the 6-year-old case — right after the Republican Party convention. “Justice delayed is justice denied,” Jason Forge, one of the plaintiff's lawyers, had argued to Curiel that day. “There are people who are still paying off their debts for the money they paid to Trump University.”
But Curiel rejected that argument and pushed the trial back to Nov. 28 so as not to interfere with Trump's campaign for president. It was no small break for the presumptive GOP candidate, since he is the lead defendant in the case and would likely be the chief witness in a trial that is expected to last at least a month.
Although Petrocelli had sought a trial date in February — by which time Trump, if he wins the election, would actually be president — he praised Curiel's ruling that day. “We're pleased that this case is not going to trial [while] Mr. Trump is preparing for the presidential election,” he told reporters outside the courtroom. “We think that's a sound decision by the court.”
Later, when rejecting the idea of a recusal motion against Curiel, Petrocelli added: “I think the court today did a good job of trying to balance out competing interests.”
Petrocelli declined to comment to Yahoo News Monday on his opinion of Curiel. And despite his comments last month, he and Trump have other rulings by Curiel to object to, notably his denial last November of a motion by Trump to dismiss the case on summary judgment (Curiel had concluded there were “genuine issues of material fact” to resolve about Trump University) and his decision last March to allow Tarla Makaeff, the lead plaintiff in the class-action case, to drop out and be replaced by another plaintiff. (Makaeff had said she was unable to continue because of pressing health problems. At the request of Trump's lawyers, Curiel then reviewed her health records and concurred.)
But legal experts say that Petrocelli would have little to no chance of prevailing in a legal motion to recuse Curiel because of perceived bias due to his ethnic background — a major reason he has pointedly failed to file such a motion. “It would have zero legal merit,” said Stephen Gillers, a New York University law professor who specializes in legal ethics. “A judge's ethnicity, gender and race is never a ground for recusal. It's quite clear. A lawyer would not make that motion without fear of being sanctioned.”
Daniel Petrocelli, Donald Trump and Judge Gonzalo Curiel. (Photo illustration: Yahoo News; photos: F. Carter Smith/Bloomberg/Getty Images, AP Photo, San Diego Superior Court) More
Continue reading
Garda Raymond Wims had planned to make only one trip to Greece, a week's holiday in October 2015 where he would drop off clothes and toys for child refugees.
From the comfort of his armchair in Sligo, the father-of-four had uneasily watched television footage of men, women and children battling across the Mediterranean.
He called his friend and colleague Damian McCarthy in Dublin. Together, the two travelled to the island of Kos.
“All we ever planned was one short trip. We were moved by the pictures of Alan Kurdi. We went for one week and ended up staying two,” he says now.
They did plenty of research before going, but the reality was worse than they had imagined.
Human cost
“It's very easy to look at a few photos on the internet and then forget about it but it's different when you are out there. You can't unsee the human cost of this crisis.”
Soon after arriving in Kos, they found people left for days without food as they waited for papers to travel onwards to Athens, while aid agencies struggled to provide services on the island.
Wims and McCarthy began searching for a place to feed people, targeting disused restaurants closing for the winter season.
Three days before they were due to leave, they found an Irish pub getting ready to put the shutters up.
“The Shennanigans” is owned by Australian-Greek Michael Pastrikos, who has lived on Kos with his wife since the mid-1990s.
“Ray and Damian said ‘Why don't we do something for breakfast here?',” Pastrikos tells The Irish Times.
“They went out and bought loads of breakfast foods like croissants and Weetabix. One hundred and fifty people turned into 400 and then we started doing dinners.”
With the help of a translator, Wims and McCarthy found a few chefs among the refugees who began working in the kitchen. Sure that the effort would fail if they left, the two gardaí extended their stay.
They paid for the first few days of meals out of their own pockets, but quickly realised they had to get help if they were to last, so they contacted the Mercy Corps aid agency which was already active on the island.
“We told them we're Irish police officers and we're not looking to gain here but in the last week we've seen refugees starving and if you keep this restaurant going every refugee will be guaranteed a breakfast and a dinner,” says Wims.
With the help of Mercy Corps, the Shennanigans served as a food centre for nearly seven months.
“The refugee crisis on this island changed all our lives,” says the pub owner.
“We now look at the values of life in a totally different way. You would see refugees who were well-off people who had two houses and three cars in Syria risk their lives and their children's to cross that tiny stretch of sea.”
Once home, Wims and McCarthy struggled to come to terms with what they had seen.
“Once you get involved it's very hard to turn away. I felt my descriptions were very inadequate.”
Return
In December 2015, they went back. This time, they were joined by two more colleagues, Alan Cummins from Dublin and Pauline McFarlane from Donegal. Together, they helped to offer 500 meals a night.
Meanwhile, they volunteered with a paediatrician who had come from the UK to care for sick children.
By then the situation on Kos had “greatly improved”, so they went to see what was happening on Leros, 50km away.
“It was absolutely dire. The refugees were staying in a disused slaughterhouse that was cold and damp with no heating or lighting. We found up to 40 men, women and children sleeping on the floors of each room.”
They asked Mercy Corps to set up kitchens: “It was coming up to Christmas and we couldn't afford to wait too long with our families back home. Fortunately they agreed to set it up.”
In the following months, Wims kept in touch from the sidelines. The European Union reached a deal with Turkey in March 2016 to stem the flow of refugees travelling across the Aegean Sea.
Under it, all “irregular migrants” who arrived in Greece after March 20th would be sent back to Turkey. The flow of new refugees coming sharply diminished, but the ones already there were stuck .
In October 2015, Wims and McCarthy came a third time, helped by a 24-year-old Syrian refugee, Moger Razouk, who had fled Aleppo, who acted as their translator.
Tortured
He had been imprisoned and tortured by the Syrian army for his connections with opposition groups.
After a year in prison, he was released. He fled, crossing the Syrian border by foot and travelled to Izmir.
Arrested a number of times by the Turkish authorities, he reached Greek territory on his seventh attempt: “I was very afraid but once inside the boat the people around me encouraged me,” Razouk told The Irish Times by phone from Greece.“I just felt happy to be getting away.”
Having ended up in a refugee camp in Chios, he met Wims: “ I just met Ray by accident.”
He convinced the Irish gardaí to make the 30-minute ferry journey from Chios to Cesme in Turkey.
From there, they went on to Izmir, where they discovered tens of thousands of refugees in appalling conditions.
The United Nations Refugee Agency estimates that there are 2.5 million refugees in Turkey.
However, Wims says, anecdotally, there may be up to four million men, women and children seeking asylum in the country.
“There's no point in them registering as refugees. If they register when they cross the border they have to keep going back to that same place and it's dangerous near the border so they move on.
Undocumented
“A lot are undocumented and have no access to food or medical care. In Greece you have plenty of volunteers but in Turkey there were very few.”
Wims and McCarthy travelled 200km north into the mountains, finding refugee families in tents and old farm sheds. In one, a mother of six, who had walked across the border before giving birth to twins, struggled to cope.
“Realistically there's no hope for these people,” says Wims. Turkey cannot cope with four million people; the EU will not take them: “The ones in Greece will be processed, [so] they have some hope.
“These are well-educated people living in sheds and fields. Most of their kids have been out of school for three to five years; you're going to have a full generation who will miss out on an education.”
Wims and McCarthy plan to travel back to Turkey early this year with supplies, hoping to raise the profile of the millions of Syrians stuck in limbo.
“We can only hope the journey some of these Syrians are attempting to make extends as far as Ireland and that our Government will open its doors and welcome them in the same way so many Irish have been received across the globe.
“The war is well reported on but what about the human side? We just see it as Aleppo and bombs but it's human beings, it's children.
“These are all decent people. There is nothing to be fearful of . . . about the Syrian refugees. They are grateful, resilient, proud people in search of a better and safer life.”
Friday night lights set for Spring Branch ISD
Jack Giammalva (29) of Memorial is tackled by Christian Peguero (7) with assistance from Andrew Rodea (34) in the second half of a high school football game between the Memorial Mustangs and the Northbrook Raiders on Friday October 7, 2016 at Tully Stadium, Houston, TX. less Jack Giammalva (29) of Memorial is tackled by Christian Peguero (7) with assistance from Andrew Rodea (34) in the second half of a high school football game between the Memorial Mustangs and the Northbrook ... more Photo: Craig Moseley, Staff Photo: Craig Moseley, Staff Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Friday night lights set for Spring Branch ISD 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Spring Branch ISD football teams will spend virtually their entire season under stadium lights, with only one day game scheduled. Memorial and Klein Forest meet in a potentially-pivotal game in Week 10 at 2 p.m., Nov. 4 at Tully Stadium.
Stratford hosts Ridge Point at 6 p.m., Sept. 16 at Tully, the only other Saturday game involving SBISD teams. Otherwise, fans can settle in for Thursday and Friday evening entertainment as Memorial, Northbrook, Spring Woods and Stratford compete with Klein ISD for playoff spots in District 15-6A.
The action begins Aug. 31 at Tully as Northbrook takes on Caney Creek. Spring Woods hosts Chavez the following night, while Stratford travels to Alvin Memorial Stadium. Memorial visits Katy on Sept. 2 to play Seven Lakes in one of the first games at Legacy Stadium.
District action begins in week five after a bye week, with the first intra-SBISD contest set for week six. Rivalry games are set for Oct. 20 (Memorial-Stratford) and Nov. 3 (Northbrook-Spring Woods).
Memorial plays the most competitive non-district slate, playing opponents with a cumulative 22-15 record in 2016. The Mustangs play Seven Lakes, bi-district champion Pearland and state semifinalist Cinco Ranch during the first three weeks.
Spring Woods faces a pair of playoff teams in Waltrip and Terry after opening with Chavez. The Tigers defeated Waltrip last season.
Northbrook plays Caney Creek, Milby and Westbury in non-district. The Raiders defeated Milby in week two last year.
Stratford had the district's best record at 7-4 last fall, including a playoff berth. The Spartans defeated Alvin and Elsik in non-district play last season and again close with 2016 bi-district champion Ridge Point.
2017 SBISD FOOTBALL SCHEDULE
WEEK 1
Aug. 31
Northbrook vs. Caney Creek, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium
Sept. 1
Spring Woods vs. Chavez, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium
Stratford vs. Alvin, 7 p.m., Alvin Memorial Stadium
Sept. 2
Memorial vs. Seven Lakes, 6 p.m., Legacy Stadium
WEEK 2
Sept. 7
Spring Woods vs. Waltrip, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium
Sept. 8
Memorial vs. Pearland, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium
Northbrook vs. Milby, 7 p.m., Barnett Stadium
Stratford vs. Elsik, 7 p.m., Crump Stadium
WEEK 3
Sept. 14
Spring Woods vs. Terry, 7 p.m., Traylor Stadium
Sept. 15
Memorial vs. Cinco Ranch, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium
Northbrook vs. Westbury, 7 p.m., Dyer Stadium
Sept. 16
Stratford vs. Ridge Point, 6 p.m., Tully Stadium
WEEK 5
Sept. 28
Memorial vs. Klein Collins, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Stratford vs. Klein Forest, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
Sept. 29
Northbrook vs. Klein, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Spring Woods vs. Klein Oak, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
WEEK 6
Oct. 5
Spring Woods vs. Klein Forest, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Oct. 6
Memorial vs. Klein, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
Northbrook vs. Stratford, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
WEEK 7
Oct. 12
Memorial vs. Northbrook, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Oct. 13
Spring Woods vs. Stratford, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
WEEK 8
Oct. 19
Northbrook vs. Klein Oak, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Oct. 20
Memorial vs. Stratford, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Spring Woods vs. Klein Collins, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
WEEK 9
Oct. 26
Northbrook vs. Klein Forest, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
Spring Woods vs. Klein, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Oct. 27
Memorial vs. Klein Oak, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
Stratford vs. Klein Collins, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
WEEK 10
Nov. 2
Stratford vs. Klein Oak, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
Nov. 3
Northbrook vs. Spring Woods, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Nov. 4
Memorial vs. Klein Forest, 2 p.m., Tully Stadium*
WEEK 11
Nov. 9
Northbrook vs. Klein Collins, 7 p.m., Klein Memorial Stadium*
Stratford vs. Klein, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Nov. 10
Memorial vs. Spring Woods, 7 p.m., Tully Stadium*
Defense Secretary James Mattis on Wednesday said overcoming Iran's destabilizing influence in the Middle East is critical for ending the civil war in Yemen.
"We will have to overcome Iran's efforts to destabilize yet another country and create another militia in their image of Lebanese Hezbollah, but the bottom line is we are on the right path for it," Mattis told reporters in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, after meeting senior Saudi officials.
The comments come as the Trump administration considers increasing support to the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen.
ADVERTISEMENT
The United Nations estimates that more than 10,000 people have been killed in Yemen's civil war, which began in March 2015 and involves government troops backed by the Saudi-led coalition and Houthi rebels supported by Iran. Millions of Yemenis face potential famine.
The United States has supported the campaign by selling the Saudis billions of dollars of weapons, providing intelligence and helping with logistics such as air refueling.
Mattis said that U.N.-brokered negotiations to resolve the conflict in Yemen are needed.
U.S. officials speaking on condition of anonymity told Reuters the topic came up in their meetings with Saudi King Salman and Deputy Crown Prince and Minister of Defense Mohammed bin Salman, among other officials.
In the meetings, officials discussed what additional assistance the United States could provide to the Saudi-led coalition, including potential intelligence support, but not U.S. troops.
Officials also told Reuters that it did not appear that the Houthis would come to the negotiating table and that there would need to be more military pressure on the group.
Despite the Trump administration's tougher stance, the State Department on Tuesday informed Congress that Iran is in compliance with the nuclear deal reached by President Obama and that the United States will continue to ease sanctions under the agreement.
By Robert Romano
“What I tell people at home is I think we can get 85 percent of this, for sure, repealed in reconciliation.”
That was then-U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), prior to his tenure as Speaker of the House of Representatives, on the Mark Levin Show national radio program on July 11, 2012, outlining House Republicans' plan to repeal almost all of the health care law via the budget reconciliation process.
“All the Medicare policy, all the Medicaid funding, all the Obamacare exchange subsidies, that's fiscal, that's spending — taxing and spending. All of that can go into reconciliation, which has always been our plan. It is our plan,” Ryan promised.
Make a promise, keep a promise, Speaker Ryan.
In 2015, House Republicans set the floor for what such a repeal would look like in H.R. 3762, legislation that included ending Medicaid expansion, premium subsidies, cost-sharing subsidies, the individual and employer mandates, reinsurance, risk corridors and risk-adjustment, and the taxes and spending from the health care law. But not the insurance regulations.
That bill passed both houses of Congress and was vetoed by former President Barack Obama in early 2016. If it was good enough for Obama to veto, one might question why it was not good enough for President Donald Trump to sign in 2017.
Fast forward to today's proposal to replace Obamacare, and it does not do all of these things.
While the bill does appear to end the individual and employer mandates, it replaces the individual mandate with a “continuous coverage” penalty that insurance companies can charge, something Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) had warned about.
Sen. Paul was correct as it turned out. As reported by Kaiser Health News, the “continuous coverage” penalty “increases premiums for people who buy insurance if they have gone 63 consecutive days without a policy during the past 12 months. Their premiums would rise by 30 percent and that surcharge would last for a year.”
So, the Republican plan to lower premiums, is to increase them?
Even if you had only lapsed coverage for, say, 64 days — one day more than the provision's cutoff — you would owe the increased premiums for an entire year. Like the individual mandate, those who may be the least able to afford health coverage, for example those who lose their jobs and are out of the health care market for a while, are the ones who are penalized for not keeping coverage. And unlike the individual mandate, there is no hardship exemption.
Does that make sense?
“The continuous coverage provision alone should be reason enough for Republicans to go back to the drawing board with this bill,” Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning said in a statement.
“Republicans promised to end the tyranny of the individual mandate but instead, House Speaker Paul Ryan has made it worse, by punishing those who lose their coverage because they lost their job or discontinued it because premiums got too high. This massive increase has a perverse effect of making it harder to get health insurance for those who drop for whatever reason, by hiking premiums of those who attempt to reenter the insurance market by 30 percent as a matter of law. This is unbelievably bad,” Manning explained.
“The House needs to stop what they are doing this instant and start over,” Manning exclaimed.
There are other problems. The bill doesn't eliminate the additional federal funding for Medicaid expansion that was enacted in Obamacare.
Making matters worse, nobody apparently checked with the Senate parliamentarian Elizabeth MacDonough, who has served since Feb. 2012, to see if the insurance regulations — ordering basic plans to cover more than they might otherwise — could be included in the budget reconciliation bill, according to Sen. Mike Lee speaking with the Washington Examiner's Philip Klein.
“What I understood her to be saying is that there's no reason why an Obamacare repeal bill necessarily could not have provisions repealing the health insurance regulations,” Lee said in the interview.
According to the story, “Lee also said that the parliamentarian told him it wasn't until very recently, after the unveiling of the House bill, that any Republican even asked her about the possibility of repealing regulations with a simple majority.”
Consider that. The whole reason House Republicans have been told they could not address the insurance regulations is because the Senate budget rules would not allow it.
But did anyone ever check? MacDonough has been there for over five years now.
Perhaps Ryan's plan to repeal 85 percent of Obamacare via reconciliation in 2012 was actually too low.
The legislation appears to replace exchange plan subsidies with a regime of tax credits — which will cost $70 billion a year once fully implemented according to the Congressional Budget Office — the exchanges themselves remain in place. The plan also subsidizes a national, catastrophic-only insurance plan.
Yet, if the plan had contemplated eliminating insurance regulations and, say, going across state lines to buy insurance, would anyone be talking about new federal subsidies for health insurance?
In other words, it would appear the entire new scheme of health insurance has been designed based on what Ryan thought he could get through on reconciliation. The plan tacitly acknowledges that costs will not be coming down, and so envisions subsidies via tax credits.
This is the problem. Because Ryan and Republican leaders are constraining themselves to what they think can be accomplished under Senate reconciliation budget rules, they are delivering a mutant national health care system. Just pass the bill you want, and if the Senate parliamentarian objects, overrule her, the same way they plan on overriding any filibuster on Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court.
Enough with the excuses. If Senate rules prevent good legislation from being proposed, then override those rules.
Robert Romano is the senior editor of Americans for Limited Government.
DC unexpectedly dropped their (alphabetically) Vertigo and Young Animal announcements ahead of tomorrow's panel.
The biggest news is probably Milk Wars – a weekly crossover event between Young Animal and the DCU. Oh, sure – Mother Panic/Batman was going to happen at some point, but Doom Patrol/Justice League, Shade the Changing Girl/Wonder Woman or Cave Carson/Swamp Thing? No, you weren't expecting that. (Does make a person wonder if there's a Swamp Thing title about to drop, though…)
Si Spurrer and Rachael Stott will be doing a SF bounty hunter title called Motherlands. Joshua Williamson and Riley Rossmo will be doing Deathbed, a supernatural adventure about a reporter following the return of an adventure who's been a recluse for 20 years. Eternity Girl from Magdalene Visaggio and Sonny Liew “follows Urania Blackwell, a former CIA agent who can't die. Her only solution? Destroy the universe first.” Hmmm… is that the same Urania Blackwell DC sometimes refers to as “Element Girl?” That one's from Young Animals, so suspicious minds want to know…
Official PR follows and then some art:
MOTHERLANDS, from writer Si Spurrier (SUICIDE SQUAD, The Spire) and artist Rachael Stott (Sex Criminals, Star Trek/Planet of the Apes), is a sci-fi series set in a future where universe-hopping bounty hunters are the new celebrities. A spotlight-shunning hunter named Tab finds herself in a race for her greatest prize yet, but to ID her target she'll have to work with her fiercest rival and the most famous bounty hunter of all time—her mother. The six-issue series launches January 31. DEATHBED, from writer Joshua Williamson (THE FLASH, FROSTBITE) and artist Riley Rossmo (BATMAN/THE SHADOW, CONSTANTINE: THE HELLBLAZER), follows a former adventurer turned recluse who has re-emerged 20 years later. When reporter Valentine Richards is hired to get his story, she soon finds herself in an insane world of violence and supernatural adventure. The six-issue series begins February 21. Plus, the weird and popular DC's Young Animal imprint, curated by My Chemical Romance's frontman Gerard Way, continues to expand its list of titles and announced the remaining DC/DC's Young Animal crossover issues. DOOM PATROL artist Nick Derington discussed his work on the series, with writer Steve Orlando sharing more details for the first issue of “Milk Wars,” and new series writer Magdalene Visaggio giving an early look at her upcoming project: “Milk Wars” will mash up DC's Young Animal with characters from the DC Universe, beginning with a JUSTICE LEAGUE/DOOM PATROL SPECIAL from Orlando and Way, followed by SHADE, THE CHANGING GIRL/WONDER WOMAN SPECIAL, MOTHER PANIC/BATMAN SPECIAL, CAVE CARSON/SWAMP THING SPECIAL and DOOM PATROL/JUSTICE LEAGUE SPECIAL. The weekly crossover adventure begins January 31. ETERNITY GIRL, the new miniseries from Eisner and GLAAD-nominated writer Magdalene Visaggio (Kim & Kim) and Eisner award-winning artist Sonny Liew (The Art of Charlie Chan Hock Chye) follows Urania Blackwell, a former CIA agent who can't die. Her only solution? Destroy the universe first. This six-issues series launches March 2018 from DC's Young Animal.
Todd Allen wears a lot of hats. At various times he's been (alphabetically), a bouncer, college professor, humor columnist, Internet producer and an NBA/WNBA Beat Writer, among other things. He's the author of Economics of Digital Comics. You should probably read it.
Like this: Like Loading...
from subMedia Films.. with thanks
Welcome to the very first “A is for Anarchy” a monthly video series that breaks down anarchist concepts, theories and thoughts. On this episode we look at the concept of “Autonomy”
The music track is “Ink in Diaspora” by Sandhill and Stefan Christoff
Some of the footage we used was stolen from, rojavaplan.com, meerkatmedia.org and globaluprisings.org
Download HD MP4 (140mb) • Download SD MP4 (28mb) • Download Audio MP3 (8mb) • Torrent •Translate • Donate
Below is a transcript of the text:
Autonomy is one of the most important of all anarchist principles, and a building block for understanding anarchist philosophy more broadly. So what is it, exactly?
Well… basically, it's freedom. But more than that, it's a particularly anarchist type of freedom.. the freedom to make decisions, and then act out those decisions without asking permission from a higher power.
In some ways, autonomy is similar to liberty, a political concept that dates back to Europe's so-called “Age of Enlightenment” in the 18th century. Back in those days, liberty was a radical new idea that sought to put limits on the absolute power of kings and queens. Its early advocates argued that human beings possessed certain inalienable rights, granted to them by God, which rulers had to respect. This idea was obviously pretty popular, and so it soon became the rallying cry of the French and American Revolutions, which helped overthrow feudalism and usher in the era of liberal democracy.
Over the centuries, countless astute, and not-so-astute political thinkers, from Voltaire and Thomas Jefferson, to Alex Jones and Glenn Beck have claimed liberty as a universal human right. But to say that this principle hasn't been universally applied would be a gross understatement. This is because from its very beginnings, the concept of liberty has existed within a framework of European global conquest, a process facilitated by colonialism, slavery and genocide. Even today, the language of liberty is still used to mobilize people's support for imperialist wars. Remember when the United States government claimed they were bringing freedom to Iraq?
The roots of this contradiction lie in the fact that liberty has always been tied to the existence of states, and the associated legal category of citizens. Often this is described as a social contract. In exchange for obedience to state authority, citizens are granted rights and freedoms, such as freedom of expression, freedom to associate, and the right to pursue happiness or bear arms. Non-citizens, or citizens of other states are not included in this contract. And even putting aside the problem of who gets to be considered a citizen, just like anything else that is given to you, rights can also be taken away. At the end of the day, it's politicians and courts who get to decide what rights you are allowed to exercise at any given moment.
Autonomy, on the other hand, doesn't rely on a state-based framework of rights. Rather than concentrating power and decision-making in the tops of social and political hierarchies, autonomy starts at the level of the individual, and scales up. If you're a visual thinker, it might be helpful to imagine it as sort of like an inverted pyramid. As the scope of autonomy grows to include more and more people, we move from talking about individual autonomy to collective autonomy – the power of groups of people to make collective decisions on issues that affect them directly.
Individual and collective autonomy are indivisible under anarchism. You can't have one without the other. Autonomous collectives are made up of autonomous individuals, who have all made the decision to work together to pursue their common interests. Unless you're living in a cabin in the woods, it's difficult to exercise individual autonomy outside of a collective, first of all because those in power make it hard to get away with, and second because human beings are inherently social creatures.
Building collective autonomy is what anarchism is all about. Whether this assumes the form of an autonomous feminist collective that gets together to make decisions on how to fight patriarchy, or neighbourhood assemblies that come together to fight gentrification… or even the millions of Kurds in Rojava who are building social structures that are autonomous from the Syrian state. While these are just a few examples, the thing that connects them all is a shared pursuit of greater collective autonomy.
And that's something we should all be striving for…. because at the end of the day… do you really need someone in authority telling you what you can or can't do?
This entry is from subMedia Films
by Theophilos Argitis, Erik Hertzberg and Josh Wingrove
Does the U.S. run a trade deficit or surplus with Canada? It depends on where you look.
President Donald Trump asserted -- again -- Friday the U.S. runs “a pretty good trade deficit” with Canada. The claim was quickly rebuffed by Canada's ambassador to the U.S., David MacNaughton, who cited American data saying the opposite was true.
Canadian officials tend to use U.S. data to make their case and the Bureau of Economic Analysis has calculated the U.S. had a $7.7 billion surplus in 2016. But Statistics Canada data show it's Canada with the surplus in goods and services, totaling C$18.8 billion ($14.6 billion) last year. That's a $22.3 billion difference between the two measures.
The debate isn't just academic. The two countries, along with Mexico, are renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, which Trump says needs to be corrected for trade imbalances. A mini-round of talks is happening this week in Washington, but with Canadian and U.S. statistics showing opposite pictures of the status quo any remedy remains unclear.
MacNaughton zeroed in on the issue last week when he took to Twitter in response to Trump. The ambassador also noted a $36 billion U.S. surplus in manufacturing in a Bloomberg TV interview Thursday, again citing American data. “If what the U.S. is interested in is trade balances, I'd really like to see some proposals come as to how to right the trade balance between Canada and the United States, which is in your favor.”
Goods and Services
To be sure, it's not clear what the bottom line would look like if the two measures were harmonized, or which methodology better reflects the true state of trade between the two countries.
For example, it could be argued Canada's statistics agency is overstating exports. Canadian businesses often import goods from third countries such as China only to re-export those goods to the American market. Statistics Canada records that as a Canadian export; the U.S. data would record that as an import from China, not Canada.
In other instances however, the U.S. data may be failing to capture some Canada exports, particularly services that are much more difficult to measure than goods. The Statistics Canada data show a much larger number -- in the order of $15 billion a year -- in Canadian service exports to the U.S. than is captured by the American numbers. While statisticians aren't sure exactly why, one explanation may be that U.S. firms with operations in Canada aren't reporting their foreign costs as service imports.
Trump's Numbers
Since it's the Trump administration crying foul, Canadian officials say it's only fair to use the U.S. government's own assessment of trade imbalances.
“Canada does not see trade balances as a useful measure of the benefits of trade, but since the U.S. does, we're using their own data that clearly states the United States has a trade surplus with Canada,” Adam Austen, a spokesman for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, said in an emailed statement.
Or maybe what the discrepancy between the two national measures is showing is neither side is right. If commercial flows can swing between surplus and deficit depending on how it's measured, that could be a rough indication the trade relationship between the two countries has become balanced, more or less. Whichever data is used, the deficit (or surplus) is still relatively small compared to total trade between the two countries -- between 1% and 2%.
And that's a big change from the past when the trade balance was clearly in Canada's favor, no matter which methodology was used. The C$18.8 billion surplus estimated by Statistics Canada for 2016 is the smallest since 1994, the year NAFTA came into effect. Since then, Canada's cumulative surpluses have totaled C$1.2 trillion, the Statistics Canada figures show.
To contact the reporters on this story: Theophilos Argitis in Ottawa at targitis@bloomberg.net; Erik Hertzberg in Ottawa at eschmitzhert@bloomberg.net; Josh Wingrove in Ottawa at jwingrove4@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Theophilos Argitis at targitis@bloomberg.net
Stephen Wicary, Chris Fournier
© 2017 Bloomberg L.P
This November, Colorado's voters will have the chance to take a historic vote by approving a ballot amendment — Amendment 64 — that would legalize the adult possession of small amounts of marijuana.
There's a well-funded campaign being waged to convince voters to oppose this amendment. Calling itself Smart Colorado, this group claims that passing Amendment 64 would “harm” the state's children and generally cause havoc.
Smart Colorado is not upfront about who is funding its campaign. But its recently filed disclosure with the secretary of state makes one thing shockingly clear: the campaign is largely being funded by individuals and organizations who profit from the drug war status quo.
Let's take a look at some of the campaign's biggest funders:
Police And Police Associations: The police profit off of the drug war because they gain access to drug enforcement grants that allow them to hire additional staff and purchase more equipment. The Colorado Drug Investigators Association gave $1,000 on September 10th. The Association of Colorado State Patrol Professionals gave $500 to the campaign on September 7th. Patrick Crouch, an agent with the Colorado Bureau of Investigation, gave $50 on the same date. Regina Marinelli, another police officer, gave $100 on the same date, as did Kevin Burke, another law enforcement official. Police commander Jerry Peters has chipped in $220. These are just a few of the donations from police officers.
The police profit off of the drug war because they gain access to drug enforcement grants that allow them to hire additional staff and purchase more equipment. The Colorado Drug Investigators Association gave $1,000 on September 10th. The Association of Colorado State Patrol Professionals gave $500 to the campaign on September 7th. Patrick Crouch, an agent with the Colorado Bureau of Investigation, gave $50 on the same date. Regina Marinelli, another police officer, gave $100 on the same date, as did Kevin Burke, another law enforcement official. Police commander Jerry Peters has chipped in $220. These are just a few of the donations from police officers. Drug Rehab Centers: Ai??The single largest donation to Smart Colorado comes from an organization called Save Our Society from Drugs based in Florida. It gave a whopping $126,497.21 to the campaign. The organization, as The Nation's Lee Fang documents, runs abusive drug rehab centers that have been compared to “torture.”
Ai??The single largest donation to Smart Colorado comes from an organization called Save Our Society from Drugs based in Florida. It gave a whopping $126,497.21 to the campaign. The organization, as The Nation's Lee Fang documents, runs abusive drug rehab centers that have been compared to “torture.” The Hospitality Industry: The hospitality industry includes food services, alcohol, and other activities that are competitors to recreational marijuana use. The Broadmoor, a resort in Colorado Springs that was recently bought by right-wing billionaire Phil Anschutz, donated $1,065.42 to Smart Colorado. The Hospitality Issue Political Action Committee gave $3,000 on September 5th.
The drug war is one of America's biggest policy failures. It's perpetuated by a variety of actors, not the least of which is the fact that a lot of people profit off of this bad policy. Colorado's voters should educate themselves and not fall prey to the coming barrage of propaganda from Smart Colorado.
Feature
Before the end of the summer, we'll all have a new PUP record to dig into.
Published: 3:24 pm, January 19, 2016
[vc_row column_padding="false" max_width="" equal_height="" full_height="" vertical_center="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5" mouse_scroll="" css=".vc_custom_1444309434496{padding-bottom: 25px !important;}"][vc_column width="1/1" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_single_image img_size="full" full_width="true" alignment="center" lightbox="" image="21859"][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row css=".vc_custom_1445369766238{padding-bottom: 25px !important;}" column_padding="" max_width="" equal_height="" full_height="" vertical_center="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5" mouse_scroll=""][vc_column width="5/6" offset="vc_col-lg-offset-1 vc_col-lg-10 vc_col-md-offset-1 vc_col-md-10" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_column_text css=".vc_custom_1453215468766{border-bottom-width: 10px !important;padding-bottom: 25px !important;border-bottom-color: #0a0a0a !important;border-bottom-style: solid !important;}"]
50 AMAZING THINGS THAT WILL HAPPEN IN 2016
PUP are embracing their heavy side with album two
Words: Ryan De Freitas.
“There's no way anyone could have higher expectations for this record than us.”
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row][vc_column width="5/6" offset="vc_col-lg-offset-1 vc_col-lg-10 vc_col-md-offset-1 vc_col-md-10" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_column_text]P“There's no way anyone could have higher expectations for this record than us,” explains drummer, Zack Mykula. “We put our own interests ahead of anyone else's. Expectation from others is definitely a thing we're aware of, but it wasn't the key thing.”“Yeah, Zack nailed it,” continues Steve Sladkowski, the guitarist whose left-field lead lines give PUP so much of their character. “The amount of pressure that could come from the outside will always be minor compared to the pressure we put on ourselves.”[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row css=".vc_custom_1445370543092{padding-top: 30px !important;padding-bottom: 30px !important;}" column_padding="" max_width="" equal_height="" full_height="" vertical_center="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5" mouse_scroll=""][vc_column width="5/6" offset="vc_col-lg-offset-1 vc_col-lg-10 vc_col-md-offset-1 vc_col-md-10" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_column_text][/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row][vc_column width="5/6" offset="vc_col-lg-offset-1 vc_col-lg-10 vc_col-md-offset-1 vc_col-md-10" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_column_text]
It's hardly surprising to hear that this is a band who hold themselves to a high standard - the cent-perfect musicianship displayed on that first record doesn't just happen by accident – and that self-critical attitude lends even more weight to the fact that the band sound so sure that they're an even better band now.
“We know what kind of band we are now and what we sound like, so we just wanted to be that but better,” answers vocalist, Stefan Babcock. “We had no clue about our identity prior to the first album being out. We started writing off folk songs with acoustic guitars and stuff – pretty much the polar opposite of what we ended up as – but now here we are with a stronger, more confident sense of what the band is.”
“And we're just better musicians,” adds Sladkowski. “We play together way better from having played so many shows and that's really helpful. You could really hear it when we listened back to the new songs in the studio. It sounded better just because we now play better as a band. The importance of that can't be understated.”
“It's heavier than the first record.”
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row css=".vc_custom_1445370543092{padding-top: 30px !important;padding-bottom: 30px !important;}" column_padding="" max_width="" equal_height="" full_height="" vertical_center="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5" mouse_scroll=""][vc_column width="5/6" offset="vc_col-lg-offset-1 vc_col-lg-10 vc_col-md-offset-1 vc_col-md-10" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_column_text][/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row][vc_column width="5/6" offset="vc_col-lg-offset-1 vc_col-lg-10 vc_col-md-offset-1 vc_col-md-10" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_column_text]
All positive signs, but what does the record actually sound like?
“It's heavier than the first record,” Babcock reveals. “It's not like Cancer Bats heavy or whatever, it's still a PUP record, but there's definitely more aggression, frustration and angst in there.”
“Yeah, we used some drop tunings on a couple of songs this time,” Sladkowski continues. “I think we all preferred the heavier songs on the first record ourselves, so we just honed in on that and focused on playing everything with more purpose and intention.”
“Less sadness, more anger,” Babcock summates.
You'd be forgiven for expecting the opposite of this, though. Surely a band on as obvious an upward trajectory as PUP's would have reasons to be cheerful. It turns out, however, that ‘cheerful' just isn't Babcock's forte as a songwriter.
“I find that I write better when I'm frustrated or angry and I don't really write when I'm happy. It's just not something that crosses my mind to do. I go through periods of weeks or months where I'm happy and I don't write, but then that happiness gives way to anxiousness that I haven't been writing and leads me back to a place where I can write. It's a cruel and hopeless cycle, but it works itself out in the end.”
And as cruel and hopeless as it may be, it certainly does work out for us listeners, because before the end of the summer (exact date TBC), we'll all have a new PUP record to dig into. [icon type="fa-stop" size="icon-1x" ]
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row css=".vc_custom_1445370422462{padding-bottom: 25px !important;}" column_padding="" max_width="" equal_height="" full_height="" vertical_center="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5" mouse_scroll=""][vc_column width="5/6" offset="vc_col-lg-offset-1 vc_col-lg-10 vc_col-md-offset-1 vc_col-md-10" skrollr="" skrollr_speed="100" full_height="" enable_parallax="" parallax_speed="0.5"][vc_column_text css=".vc_custom_1452770760199{margin-top: 15px !important;border-top-width: 10px !important;padding-top: 15px !important;border-top-color: #0a0a0a !important;border-top-style: solid !important;}"][/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row]
A childhood favorite, I think everyone loves macaroni and cheese! the creaminess and cheesiest ones were the best! Well, this recipe meets all those qualifications, and its Low in Fat, and 100% VEGAN! How great is that?!
I have made this about 3 times this week. That means my family and I really like it! 🙂 I know you will too!
Also, this is probably the cheapest vegan mac and cheese you can make. It requires not expensive nuts (or legumes, I should say), and there's no tofu in it, either! Its just veggies and spices! Making things as cheap as possible, while being as healthy as possible, can sometimes be a challenge, but this recipe is one for the books.
Check it out, and see if you like it! I know you will! YUMMM!
Yields: 4 Servings
What You Need:
16 oz. Pasta (I use Gluten-Free)
4 1/2 cups water
2 medium potatoes
1 medium carrot (approx. 2/3 cup), chopped
1 small onion, diced
1 tomato, cubed
2 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp mustard sauce
2 tsp Coconut Aminos
6 tbsp Nutritional Yeast (Bring on the Nooch!)
4 tsp Apple Cider Vinegar
2/3 tsp Paprika
1 1/2 tsp salt
1-2 leaves of kale, optional
Directions:
Pour water into pot. Cut all veggies, except kale if using, and put in water. Once ll veggies are in water, start boiling. Once boiling, put heat down a little under high. Boil vegetables until potatoes are tender, approx. 15-20 min When veggies are almost done, start cooking pasta according to pasta. When potatoes are tender, pour all veggies and water from the pot into a blender. Then place all other ingredients, except kale, into blender, as well. Blend until smooth. (Tip: If you have a middle part to your blender lid, take that out, and place a folded tea towel over the whole while blending. This keeps pressure from building up.) Pour back into pot, and heat on low-medium heat to thicken. Once pasta is done and drained, pour into pot with cheeze sauce. Combine pasta and cheeze. Chop up the kale, with stalks removed, and mix in. Enjoy the cheezy goodness!
https://cronometer.com/facts.html?food=2425635&measure=6477007
This recipe is sure to please every single part of your family, or just yourself for a few days! If you try this recipe, be sure to take a photo and tag me on Instagram @allysveganvibes so I can see! 🙂
Take care! Until next time!
Wouldn't you LOVE to get quirky yet informational emails straight to your inbox???
Of course you would!
Get Your FREE Supplement & Detoxifying Foods Check List HERE!
The worldview of elastic compute, or mine at least, has historically had very little Microsoft involved in it. Recently however, I have attended several job interviews and one question that has invariably been asked is: “We are planning on moving from Windows to Linux. Have you done it before?”
This situation usually arrives through a well-worn path brought around due a number of factors. Most startups don't hire full-time (or even part-time) sysadmins in the beginning to save on costs. Developers in startups, the ones whom I have spoken with, seem to know enough Windows to get a basic web stack configuration working, perhaps even a cluster.
The issues of how to scale out, build resilience and the costs involved are the last things on their mind.
This simple developer world view works fine for development and alpha tests and perhaps limited beta tests, where there is not really a need to add much additional compute resource. Suddenly, "go live" arrives and the site gets crushed. Only then do the real meanings of the terms elastic and scale become crystal clear.
Trying to manage your own physical and virtual infrastructure to scale with Microsoft products isn't any more difficult than it is with Linux, given a good admin. The real problem (perceived or otherwise) is the cost of Windows deployment and trying to work out the licensing models.
Keeping it in your own tin
One of the startups I spoke to came to the troubling realisation that the costs of Microsoft licensing could potentially put it out of business due to the nature of its exceptionally spiky compute requirements and short-lived nature of the instances. There was even talk of completely rewriting the application to avoid the cost.
This spiky usage scenario is not such a problem if you use a public cloud such as Microsoft's Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS) to provide by-the-minute billing and the licensing cost is built into the resource-costing model. This usage and ownership model, however, doesn't fit everyone.
Those companies that don't wish to surrender their infrastructure into the cloud: what options have they got? Without a doubt, keeping your elastic compute on your own tin is going to prove more expensive than going cloud enabled, but you also retain a higher degree of control and ownership.
How do you keep your app or service on Microsoft and still run it yourself?
It's that question that leads us to the main issue of how licensing works for elastic compute in a Microsoft environment, because the key deliverable is also the main issue: how do you deal with a Microsoft virtual machine in a highly elastic environment where the server might only live for a couple of hours?
Historically, Redmond has been complex. After coming across the question of licence-cost-induced migration several times, I decided to investigate and there are a number of options, all with different pros and cons.
Microsoft's virtualisation card is Hyper V. If you are going all in, then you require the high-end Windows Datacenter Edition, which gives an unlimited number of virtual instances.
The list price is $6,155, no discounts. The average price on a data centre, dual CPU, unlimited core licence is $4,809 for the operating system. In a discussion I had with Microsoft, the firm quoted just under $3,500.
Often, server pricing does not include Client Access Licenses (CALs), a licence for every device accessing the server. CALs are extra and are a not very friendly licensing model for a web-facing firm that will have fluctuating numbers of customers. That's because this pricing model grew up in the enterprise, where the number of clients was known.
On the positive side, while the processor licensing sounds expensive, Datacenter edition does give you the ability to stop worrying about licensing and if you run several machines on each host, the cost comes right down. Of course you still have the hardware, cooling and lighting costs, too.
This compares to a similarly specified virtual machine in Microsoft's Azure cloud. Such a configuration, assuming 24/7 usage, excluding disk and network traffic, comes in at $2,640 for the year - according to Microsoft. I realise this is not a true when you compare like for like but it does give an indication of price.
You could argue the Azure pricing combined with elasticity is intended to drive developers directly to Azure. You don't use its resources, you don't pay for them.
An alternative way to do Microsoft licensing is using the “Peak overflow” method, which is basically known as “Own the base, rent the spike”. Simply put, it lets you seamlessly add additional resources to Azure to meet peak demand. There is no fee for any integration and you only pay for what is used on a per-minute basis. The downside is that it isn't on site. Also be aware that Azure is a platform by developers for developers!
You get what you pay for...
When it comes to comparing Microsoft and Linux, let's be clear: there's no such thing as a free lunch.
Knowing where to go as you leave startup mode is difficult. If you started on Windows then remaining on Windows means less pain, at least in the short term, but with potentially higher costs.
Going to Linux will reduce the licensing costs, depending on your vendor of choice but the downside comes in those with Windows skills and experience needing to new learn new tools and the Linux infrastructure.
My advice: make your choice up front and stick to it. Changing your mind late will cost time, effort and money either doing it yourself or hiring somebody who wasn't part of your original plan. ®
This Vegan Parmesan Hummus makes a great sandwich spread or a dip for crackers and crudités. If you are not usually fond of hummus, you might want to give this recipe a try. The vegan Parmesan adds a garlicky cheesy flavor that's hard to resist!
Note exhibit A: a recent text exchange between my fifteen-year-old daughter and myself regarding the contents of her packed lunch:
Anyone with a teenage daughter will recognize her response as high praise.
Vegan Parmesan Cheese
The vegan Parmesan flavor was inspired by Minimalist Baker's recipe for Vegan Parmesan Cheese. I usually keep a supply on hand to add to pasta dishes, etc. as well as hummus and bean spreads when the mood strikes me. To keep things simple, I wanted to show folks how to make this vegan Parmesan hummus in two easy steps.
Vegan Parmesan Hummus
Hummus is traditionally made with tahini (sesame paste) and/or olive oil. But it can be just as tasty without the processed oil. This vegan Parmesan hummus is made with just a few simple ingredients:
Cashews
Nutritional Yeast
Salt
Garlic
Chickpeas
Lemon
Water
It's creamy and flavorful.
The cashews add a bit more fat compared so some of my other hummus and bean spread recipes. If you are looking to restrict your fat intake you could try eliminating or reducing the cashews to ¼ cup.
Print Vegan Parmesan Hummus It's hard to resist the garlicky cheesy flavor of this Vegan Parmesan Hummus. The recipe is quick and easy. It's also gluten-free! Prep Time 5 minutes Total Time 5 minutes Servings 6 Ingredients 1/2 cup raw cashews
1 1/2 Tbsp. nutritional yeast
1/4-1/2 tsp. fine sea salt to taste
1/4-1/2 tsp. garlic powder to taste
15.5 oz canned chickpeas low sodium, rinsed and drained
1/2 lemon juiced
1/3 cup water Instructions Add cashews, nutritional yeast, salt and garlic powder to food processor fitted with the S blade. Pulse until mixture becomes a coarse powder. Add chickpeas and lemon juice, turn on processor and slowly add water while blending. Scrape sides as needed and continue to blend until hummus reaches desired consistency. Add more water 1 tbsp. at a time if necessary. Recipe Notes For some variety, try adding fresh or dried herbs – such as parsley, oregano and or basil. Start with ½ to 1 tbsp. fresh herbs or ½ to 1 tsp. dried herbs. Recipe makes about 1 1/2 cups of hummus. If you are looking to restrict fat intake, try eliminating or reducing cashews to 1/4 cup.
Note: I do not include nutrition information with my recipes because I subscribe to the theories presented in the book Whole and believe we should focus on eating a variety of whole foods instead of counting calories or keeping track of individual nutrients.
A firefighter uses a hose and works to put out massive flames in the San Bernardino Forest.
Flood waters overtook a couple hiking near Mill Creek Crossing in Forest Falls Tuesday afternoon, San Bernardino County Fire spokesman Chris Prater said.An off-duty sheriff's deputy heard the couple calling for help. He was able to save the young woman, but the man was swept away.The body of the victim, a Rancho Cucamonga man in his 20s, was found shortly after 7 p.m., Prater said.A powerful storm cell packed with heavy rain and hail moved through, creating a quick-moving river runoff that trapped the young couple.Parts of the Inland Empire saw flash-flood warnings Tuesday as Riverside and San Bernardino counties were pelted with hail.A flash-flood warning were in effect for Riverside and San Bernardino counties for most of the day.A thunderstorm producing heavy rain between Hesperia and Apple Valley caused flash flooding and mudslides.Residents were warned that excessive rainfall could cause flash flooding or mudslides, particularly within the Lake Fire burn area.The Lake Fire, which erupted on June 17 in a remote area of the San Bernardino Mountains, burned over 30,000 acres.The NWS said most flood-related deaths occur in automobiles and warned people not to attempt to cross water-covered bridges, dips or low-water crossings.
Jimmy Gomez, right, introduces himself to Steven Small, center, while canvassing with his wife, Mary Hodge, left, in the Eagle Rock neighborhood of Los Angeles. Gomez is a candidate for Congress in California's 34th District. (Dania Maxwell/For The Washington Post)
On Saturday afternoon, Jimmy Gomez, the California legislator who wants to represent the northeastern part of this city in Congress, picked up his wife, Mary, and drove their electric car to a street not far from their home. They knocked on doors together, cramming literature into mailboxes full of fliers for his 21 rivals. It took 15 minutes for the couple to run into an actual voter, a video editor named Dave Rogers who greeted them from his porch.
“Another candidate!” said Rogers with a laugh.
For five minutes, Gomez and Rogers small-talked about the growing trendiness of the neighborhood — the comedian and podcaster Marc Maron is a neighbor — and Gomez subtly pitched himself as the successor to Xavier Becerra, who left Congress to become California's attorney general and opened up a safe Democratic seat.
“He never endorses,” Gomez said. “All of a sudden, I get a call, and I hear: The attorney general's gonna endorse you. Wow!”
“That made my decision a lot easier, with 22 candidates,” Rogers said.
Wendy Carrillo takes a photograph with a crowd of supporters during a rally for her campaign in Los Angeles on April 1, 2017. Carrillo is a candidate for Congress in California's 34th district. (Dania Maxwell/FTWP)
Gomez, the Harvard-educated son of Mexican immigrants, is the front-runner in the first congressional race of the Trump era. It's happening in a part of America where Republicans are becoming scarce.
In 2000, the last year that a Republican presidential candidate campaigned in California, George W. Bush won 29.5 percent of the vote in what's now the 34th Congressional District. In 2016, Donald Trump won just 10.7 percent. California's unique primary system means that the top two candidates from the April 4 primary, regardless of party, will advance to the June 6 general election. The overwhelming partisan nature of the district means that two Democrats — one of whom is expected to be Gomez — are likely to advance.
Gomez is not exactly on the vanguard of the new progressive resistance movement that is sweeping the country in protest of Trump. He's been endorsed by a slew of elected officials — and the California Democratic Party itself. But his background — and liberal politics — has not turned off progressives. Gomez supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 race, but a surge of new voters won the district for Bernie Sanders.
“I like him a lot, and I've known him a long time,” Rep. Raúl M. Grijalva (D-Ariz.), the co-chair of the House Progressive Caucus, said of Gomez. “You have a lot of progressives in that race, but Jimmy's progressive, too. Credential-wise, it's a win-win for us.”
It's the district's very blueness that's made it a proving ground for liberal politics. To win back the House in the 2018 midterms, the Democrats would have to flip districts in California, as well as the increasingly competitive states of Arizona and Texas, where the Latino and Asian populations are growing quickly.
At the same time, the Trump victory has been driving Latino politics to the left — a movement that outside groups encourage. Even though Becerra endorsed Clinton for president last year, two of Gomez's rivals, Wendy Carrillo and Arturo Carmona, worked for Sanders in California and are touting that connection. In 1992, the last time the area elected a new congressman, just nine Democrats ran. This year, the field had doubled.
The district, meanwhile, is 65 percent Hispanic, and every leading candidate but one is Latino.
“What we see are Latinos joining other groups to push back on the Trump administration's attacks on women's access to health services, health care, environmental protections, and other key social issues,” said Latino Victory Project President Cristóbal Alex. “We are witnessing a wave of qualified Latinos who see it as their duty to run for office at all levels to defend their communities and fight back against Trump and this hostile administration.”
That's played out in the 34th, which starts in downtown Los Angeles and stretches west to Koreatown and north to Pasadena. Gomez rose through the Latino political network, serving as a congressional staffer, then moving to L.A. and winning a safe Assembly seat. He's raised $245,000 for the House race — much of it from political action committees and political allies. His campaign literature rattles off endorsements from Becerra, Sen. Kamala D. Harris (D-Calif.), the leaders of the state legislature and the California Democratic Party.
Carmona, the deputy political director of the Sanders campaign in California, has tried to flip Gomez's endorsements against him. In a negative mailer, he warns voters that the assemblyman has taken $13,000 from “de escuelas charter,” or charter schools, and $73,700 from “compañías farmacéuticas,” or pharmaceutical companies. In an interview near Mariachi Plaza, Carmona declined to attack Gomez personally, but bemoaned candidates who “are taking or have taken hundreds of thousands of dollars from interests that are hurting immigrants, that are hurting consumers.”
The outside arbiters of progressive politics have declined to enter the race — in part, because Gomez has ceded so little room to his left. He reminds voters that he expanded paid family leave in California, that he supports single-payer health care and a $15 minimum wage. On Saturday, when volunteers arrived at Gomez headquarters to walk precincts, they were signed in by Yolanda Nogueira, a local business owner who'd housed “Northeast L.A. for Bernie” in her building.
“To me, ‘the establishment' means people who are out of touch with the people they're elected to represent,” Gomez said. “Someone like Bernie Sanders can be in office for 30 years, but he's not the establishment.”
Neither Sanders nor his group Our Revolution has endorsed a candidate. Cenk Uygur, whose Young Turks network and Justice Democrats PAC are based just outside of the district, said several candidates had reached out to him. Gomez's only apparent strike was that he backed Clinton for president.
The risk progressives see in deep-blue seats is not that Democrats will lose, but that opposition to Trump will allow the candidates opposed by progressives to blur the lines.
In the 34th, every leading candidate puts the president near their message's center. Gomez's mail features the warning that “the first congressional election in the U.S. since Trump won will be held . . . in OUR community.” Former journalist Alejandra Campoverdi, also a candidate, tells voters she's “the proven fighter we need to stand up to Donald Trump.” Sara Hernandez, a teacher-turned-political aide, is running TV ads promising to take Trump “to school” and fight deportations.
Another problem for a progressive candidate emerged in the form of social-media posts from women in the Sanders campaign who worked with Carmona, accusing him of incompetence and sexism. Several progressive groups had already bet on Carmona as the best “Bernie” candidate. Democracy for America, which had endorsed Sanders, condemned Carmona. In an interview, Carmona insisted that he was being smeared.
“There were definitely some entrenched issues around sexism in the broader campaign,” Carmona said. “There's no question that sexism exists in our society. I have worked to be an ally all my life, and all my career. But when it comes to these specific three or four attacks, they're not only unsubstantiated, they're false.”
Read more at PowerPost
Fox: McCain gets heated when reporter asks about Kerry Veep offer David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published: Friday March 7, 2008
|
Print This Email This John McCain is known for his willingness to engage reporters on all matter of issues, so some scribes on his campaign plane were taken aback Friday when the Republican presidential candidate appeared to lose his cool when talking to a New York Times correspondent. Elisabeth Bumiller asked McCain about a meeting he had with then-presidential candidate John Kerry in 2004 about becoming the Democrat's running mate. McCain had just mentioned to a town hall meeting in Atlanta that he and Kerry "had that conversation," but he turned down the offer to share the ticket. Bumiller noted that McCain denied speaking to Kerry at the time, citing a May 2004 Times article. The candidate appeared to grow agitated, although he never raised his voice. Fox News broadcast video of the exchange. "Everybody knows that I had a private conversation. ... Theres no living American in Washington" who doesn't know, McCain said. Although there were widespread reports about Kerry's campaign reaching out to McCain to join his ticket in 2004, some reporters thought his acknowledgment of a direct conversation between the two was news, a Fox producer who was on the plane said. It appears Bumiller was asking about this Times article from May 15, 2004: Asked if Senator Kerry had made such an offer, Mr. McCain said no without hesitation. But asked if the two men had ever discussed it, even casually, he paused for a moment.
"No," he said finally. "We really haven't." This video is from Fox's America's Pulse , broadcast March 7, 2008.
ABC News produced this transcript of McCain and Bumiller's exchange: New York Times correspondent Elisabeth Bumiller: Senator can I ask you about Senator Kerry. I just went back and looked at our story, the Times story, and you told Sheryl Stolberg that you had never had a conversation with Kerry about being, about Vice President 
John McCain: Everybody knows that I had a private conversation. Everybody knows that. That I had a conversation. Theres no living American in Washington -
EB: Okay.
McCain: - that knows that, theres no one.
EB: Okay
McCain: And you know it too. You know it. You know it. So I dont even know why you ask.
EB: Well I ask because I just read -
McCain: You do know it. You do know it.
EB: Because I just read in the Times in May of 04 you said.
McCain: I dont know what you may have read or heard of, I dont know the circumstances. Maybe in May of 04 I hadnt had the conversation --
EB: But do you recall the conversation?
McCain: I dont know, but its well known that I had the conversation. It is absolutely well known by everyone. So do you have a question on another issue?
EB: Well can I ask you when the conversation was?
McCain: No. Nope, because the issue is closed as far as Im concerned. Everybody knows it. Everybody knows it in America.
EB: Can you describe the conversation?
McCain: Pardon me.
EB: Can you describe the conversation?
McCain: No, of course not. I dont describe private conversations.
EB: Okay. Can I ask you 
McCain: Why should I? Then theres no such thing as a private conversation. Is there (inaudible) if you have a private conversation with someone, and then they come and tell you. I dont know that thats a private conversation. I think thats a public conversation.
EB. Okay. Can I ask you about your (pause) Why youre so angry?
McCain: Pardon me?
EB: Nevermind, nevermind.
McCain: I mean its well known. Everybody knows. Its been well chronicled a thousand times. John Kerry asked if I would consider being his running mate.
EB: Right.
McCain: And I said categorically no, under no circumstances. Thats all very well known.
EB: Okay, let me ask you (moves on to another question.)
Kendrick Lamar Just Released A Hitlist In One Track
And He Goes In On Everyone
Floetry In Portions Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 24, 2017
Where has Kendrick Lamar been?
Well if this is becoming a trend then he's been working on his every four year release of re-destroying the culture and repositioning himself on top. For the two people who don't know who Kendrick Lamar is, he did this back in 2013:
And then he just released this track earlier this morning:
Once again nobody is safe
And K-Dot goes in on everyone.
Victim #1: Big Sean
My fans can't wait for me to son ya punk-ass
And crush ya whole lil' shit
I'll Big Pun ya punk-ass, you a scared little bitch
This is a potential retaliation to Big Sean's track “No More Interviews” where he alludes to rappers (Kendrick) who rap fast…sounding like one big asthma attack. Big Sean tends to use “little bitch” quite frequently in his tracks.
Victim #2: Drake
Tiptoein' around my name, nigga, you lame
And when I get at you, homie
Don't you just tell me you was just playin'
Oh, I was just playin', K-Dot
C'mon, you know a nigga rock with you, bro
There's no question Drake has shot back subliminal disses at Kendrick when he released Control in 2013. Just check out “The Language”, “6PM in New York”, and “Summer Sixteen” for starters. But there has never been a direct shot fired at Kendrick, hence his bars here.
Victim #3: The entire rap community
Mo' bars, no peers, no scars, no fear — fuck y'all, sincere
In “Control” Kendrick called out a laundry list of rappers. Here he doesn't waste his time. It's everybody.
Victim #4: Society as a whole
The whole world gone mad
Bodies is addin' up, market's about to crash
Niggas is fake rich, bitches is fake bad
Blacks that act white, whites that do the dab
This line is so brilliant and the current depiction of the U.S. currently. Leave it to Kendrick Lamar to poetically tell you that you're fucked up.
Victim #5: Donald Trump & Russia
Donald Trump is a chump, know how we feel, punk?
Tell 'em that God comin'
And Russia needs a replay button, y'all up to somethin'
The world is now waiting on Donald to tweet his dislike of Kendrick Lamar while Russia hacks Compton.
Victim #6: Kevin Durant
Tables turned, lesson learned, my best look
You jumped sides on me, now you ‘bout to meet Westbrook
Go celebrate with your team and let victory vouch you
Just know, the next game played I might slap the shit out you
Kevin Durant got son-ed. Cue the reaction below. (Keep in mind Kendrick is 5'5, Durant is around 6'10, the slapping may be more hilarious than anything else)
Victim #7: All rappers again
The date to look out for a new album from Kendrick Lamar.
Flame Emoji. Flame Emoji. Flame Emoji.
Tony Parker was a 19-year-old wide eyed rookie when he entered the NBA. Selected twenty-eighth in the 2001 NBA Draft, he quickly became the starting point guard for the San Antonio Spurs. That season, he averaged 9.2 points, 4.3 assists and 2.6 rebounds per game.
Several seasons and championships later, Parker is still learning that roles in the NBA are ever-changing.
This season, he is playing the fewest minutes of his career. He is also averaging 9.6 points and 4.3 assists per game, his lowest totals since his rookie season. Parker was also not included in preseason ranking of the NBA's top 100 players.
However, despite these dips in production, Parker is contributing in other ways. For the first time in his career, he is the clear leader of the team.
Yet despite winning multiple NBA crowns, being selected as an NBA Finals MVP in 2007 and a handful of NBA All-Star selections, Parker has been largely overlooked or under-appreciated by many.
Something his long-time head coach, Gregg Popovich, wants to make clear.
“I think he's always been a little under-appreciated, without any doubt,” . “Even years ago, when he was younger, people would talk about the top point guards or whatever, and they would leave him out, almost consistently, all the time. And he's there helping us win championships."
“It always gave me a wry smile when his name wouldn't be included in these top-five guys. But you just move on," Popovich said. It doesn't really affect your game or how you play. It's just a fact.”
Parker's goal is the play in the NBA until he's 40, and he doesn't mind taking on fewer minutes to help the team. He maintains that fewer minutes doesn't necessarily mean less of an impact on the team. His positive demeanor, and ability to provide knowledge in certain situations proves his worth. However, he still manages to find ways to the rim to create for himself or his teammates.
“I don't care if people don't understand my role or all this stuff that I have to do now,” Parker said. “I'm just trying to do what Pop wants, and if he wants me to play like that, that's all I care about, winning and winning championships. And at the end of the day, if I can win a couple of more before I retire, I will be very happy.”
Twitter: @OhMarquez
A good friend of mine has Ehlers-danlos syndrome. Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (EDS) comprises a group of inherited heterogeneous disorders that share a common decrease in the tensile strength and integrity of the skin, joints, and other connective tissues.
For her, one of the ways this manifests itself is hyper-extension of her fingers that causes painful swelling.
One day she showed me some ring-splints that she could buy online, but they where VERY expensive and I thought... Wait a minute... I can print that...
So, here are my Ehlers-danlos ring-splints that she wears now every day. A complete set for her costs about 1$ worth of flexible filament and takes 15 min to print.
I'm working on how to make this a customizer app so it's easier for others to make ones that fit them, but I have found that just scaling these up or down in your printing software works well.
She has been wearing them for a few weeks now, and they apparently work very well. Going to be making her a new slightly smaller set as well as they are fitting a bit lose now due to her swelling going down.
I hope these can help more people out there as well!
The pictures here are of my friend wearing her splints after the final fitting (pictures used with her permission).
TIME and technology startup 8i are partnering to launch holographic messages from astronaut Buzz Aldrin and musician Reggie Watts as immersive virtual reality experiences in early 2017 as part of an upcoming Mars mission initiative.
LIFE VR, Time Inc.'s multi-platform virtual reality brand, will first distribute these “Message to Mars” recordings on the LIFE VR mobile app for Google Cardboard. In the holographic messages, Aldrin will share his personal experience and vision for sending humans to Mars and Watts will perform an improvisational song. Later, a complete virtual reality experience with Aldrin created by 8i in partnership with Soylent, will debut on HTC VIVE and Oculus Rift. Additional participants will be announced next year.
“As humans embrace the extraordinary commitment to leave earth and make Mars their home, virtual reality will be a very important way of staying in touch,” Aldrin, one of the first two humans to land on the moon, said. “What could be more stimulating to students, scientists, and political leaders on Earth than to experience life on another a planet, and for the astronauts journeying to Mars to receive messages from back home? I'm honored to leave my message behind for these courageous men and women who will go down in history in a way that no one ever has before.”
“TIME and the iconic LIFE brand have a celebrated history of covering space and there could not be a more fitting home for ‘Messages to Mars' than LIFE VR,” said Mia Tramz, Managing Editor of LIFE VR. “Sharing these messages from Buzz Aldrin and others on our platform is another example of the powerful experiences and unique storytelling we're bringing to viewers.”
A sneak peek of the “Message to Mars” experience will be previewed Thursday and Friday at VR on the Lot, a two-day content, technology and innovation summit hosted by the VR Society and AMD in Los Angeles.
In September, LIFE VR launched TIME's VR companion to the Ken Burns PBS documentary “Defying the Nazis: The Sharps' War.”
To explore more exclusive virtual reality content download the LIFE VR app for iOS and Android or visit time.com/lifevr.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Something to chew over: Eating fast makes you fat
Slow down: People who wolf down their food treble their risk of being overweight
If you're wondering why your waistline is expanding, don't watch what you eat. Watch how you eat.
Those who wolf down dinner apparently treble their risk of being overweight.
Scientists suggest the modern manner of eating too quickly - and until absolutely full - is a significant factor in the obesity epidemic.
Such eating habits pile on the pounds much more than expected, even taking into account the amount of calories consumed, the scientists found.
They suspect the joint impact of eating fast and until full overrides signals in the brain which would normally encourage a little more self control.
A study published today in the British Medical Journal Online First blames the couch potato lifestyles of fast food, larger portions, TV dinners and the demise of family mealtimes for contributing to the problem.
Professor Hiroyasu Iso and colleagues from Osaka University, Japan, carried out a study involving 3,200 Japanese men and women aged 30-69 years between 2003 and 2006.
Those participating were sent a diet history questionnaire. Half of the men and 58 per cent of the women said they normally ate until they were full.
Just under half of men and a third of women said they ate quickly.
The group of participants who said they ate 'until full and ate quickly' had a higher body mass index or BMI, the scoring system that measures obesity levels.
They also had a higher total energy intake than those who did not 'eat until full and did not eat quickly'.
Both men and women in this group were three times more likely to be overweight than those who said this was not the way they ate.
Professor Iso said the combination had a 'supra-additive' effect on the risk of being overweight - more than would be expected if each eating habit was examined in isolation.
'If you eat slowly then there is some feedback from the brain that this is enough, and this helps stop you eating before you are full,' he said.
'It's speculation at the moment but it is worth pursuing and fits with modern lifestyles.'
Dr David Haslam, GP and clinical director for the National Obesity Forum, said: 'This kind of studies are very helpful because they're not about genetic causes of obesity, which people feel they can't do anything about, but human behaviour.
'The great dietary gurus of a century ago stressed the importance of chewing food for a long time and eating slowly, and those messages are even more important today.'
After a crushing defeat in Indiana last night, Ohio Governor John Kasich will suspend his campaign later today, dropping out of the Republican presidential primary. According to NBC News, a senior campaign adviser has confirmed that Kasich will drop out of the race after delivering a statement tonight at 5 p.m. Eastern.
John Kasich's exit from the presidential race comes after canceling a scheduled campaign event earlier today, and announcing that he will deliver an address later this evening. Speculation that Kasich would drop out of the Republican race started swirling late last night after Ted Cruz – the Republican candidate in second place – suspended his campaign, ending his run for the Republican presidential nomination.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich will follow suit today, suspending his campaign and dropping out of the Republican presidential race, leaving Donald Trump as the Republican presidential nominee. Kasich finished a distant third in last night's Indiana primary, and after Ted Cruz dropped out of the race, Kasich assured supporters that he was in it for the long haul — Cruz's exit was part of his plan, Kasich said.
null
But according to NBC News and CNN, Republican presidential candidate John Kasich will suspend his campaign later tonight as the Republican National Committee begins to rally around presidential nominee Donald Trump. Pundits on both sides of the political spectrum had been speculating that Kasich would drop out — or that he should drop out — after the Ohio Governor failed to win any significant victories in the Republican primary, securing a win in his home state, but coming in second or third in the remaining Republican presidential primary elections.
John Kasich drops out after running a race characterized as a long shot for the Ohio Governor, trailing behind Republican frontrunner Donald Trump and second place finisher Ted Cruz. The Kasich campaign had hoped to force a contested convention this summer, which the Ohio Governor admitted was his only shot at winning the Republican Presidential nomination.
After Donald Trump's landslide victory in last night's Indiana primary, Texas senator Ted Cruz suspended his campaign, dropping out of the Republican presidential race after running a tough and hard-fought battle against Trump. Kasich and Cruz attempted to form an alliance against Trump, but the plan was short lived, with both candidates eventually stepping away from the agreement.
null
John Kasich drops out of the Republican presidential race, leaving only Donald Trump standing as the Republican presidential nominee. Despite releasing a Star Wars-themed campaign ad this morning, John Kasich's senior advisers have confirmed that he will officially suspend his campaign during a speech this evening. Kasich's withdrawal comes as little surprise to Republican commentators, who predicted last night that Kasich would have a tough choice ahead of him after Ted Cruz bowed out of the race.
Ohio Governor John Kasich dropped out of the Republican presidential race after hanging on for months, surviving a packed Republican presidential field and pushing on to the very end, outlasting party favorites like Chris Christie, Marco Rubio, Carly Fiorina, and finally Ted Cruz.
Kasich had only a small fraction of the delegates needed to secure the Republican presidential nomination, and despite pledges to stay in till the end, he will suspend his campaign today and drop out of the Republican race.
After Kasich drops out tonight, it will be official: New York billionaire Donald Trump will be the Republican presidential candidate running against either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders this November. It remains to be seen, however, whether the Republican establishment will rally around Trump, who has been a divisive figure in the Republican Party, frequently butting heads with party leaders and pundits alike.
[Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images]
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio -- LeBron James said his previously stated intentions to finish his career with the Cavaliers haven't changed, though he would make his decision on his future after this season.
"It hasn't changed," James said, when asked. He also nodded when asked, directly, if he intended to finish his career in Cleveland.
"And that's why I sit up here today, still in this uniform, still ready to lead this franchise to a championship, put us in a position where we can be successful."
James, 32, has a player's option for next season worth $35.6 million. He has never exercised a player's option in any previous contract, so the odds are he'll at least become a free agent for a few days.
"Anytime I'm able to be free agent or my contract ends, I'll approach that when the summer comes," he said. "At the end of the day I have a contract and I will fill out that obligation, which I've always done.
"And if you guys know me, I don't know if you know me as much, but I've always handled it in the most businesslike way. And I will do that with my team, and we'll handle that in the summertime, as we always have."
James' agent is Rich Paul. He could get a new contract worth $209 million from the Cavs next summer, or he could exercise his option, which as previously mentioned is unlikely.
Rumors and whispers swirled all summer about James maybe eyeing the Los Angeles Lakers next season. But James said at least three times upon his return to Cleveland in 2014 that he intended to end his career with the Cavs.
In a sitdown interview with CNN, James said "I plan on finishing my career back home." In his Sports Illustrated essay announcing his return, he said "I always believed I'd return to Cleveland finish my career there."
And, at his homecoming celebration at the University of Akron, he told roughly 30,000 screaming fans: "I don't plan on going nowhere. I don't have the energy to do it again."
James said Monday that he would not discuss his free agency frequently during this season because "I should be focused on what I need to do on a day-to-day basis to help this franchise compete for a championship.
" I think that's what Koby (Altman) would want in the front office and I think that's what Dan (Gilbert) would want," James said. "If that wasn't the case then they wouldn't have made the deal that they made to bring in this group of talent and made the deals to get D Rose (Derrick Rose) here and get Jeff Green here and Jose Calderon and guys like that who have championship level talent."
"LeBron is the ultimate competitor," Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said, when asked about the potential distractions surrounding James' pending free agency. "The biggest thing for him is to win. ... As far as speculation and everything else, I have nothing to do with that. i just know he's the ultimate competitor and we're focused on winning a championship."
James averaged 26.2 points last season to go with career highs in rebounds (8.6 per game) and assists (8.7). He's reached seven consecutive Finals and has won four MVPs.
Asked if this coming year offered him a chance to show where his game stands in this his 15th season, he said: "The fact that I gotta come up here and talk about free agency lets me know where my game is. Does that make sense? If I wasn't that good I don't think we'd be talking about it."
Image caption The radio sits on the hose of the shower
A water-powered radio will be music to the ears of those who enjoy a spot of singing in the shower.
The FM shower radio is powered by the motion of water flowing through a micro turbine which in turn drives a generator that creates the energy to power the device.
The invention comes from the team behind the wind-up radio.
Their company had previously appeared on the BBC's, Dragon's Den, where the celebrity investors failed to back it.
The shower-powered radio is fitted in-line between the water supply and shower hose.
The man behind the H2O, Vivian Blick, previously worked with the English inventor Trevor Baylis on his Freeplay wind-up radio.
That invention proved to be a particularly successful in Africa, where the cost of batteries or electricity put traditional radio out of the reach of many.
"Having seen huge success with the commercialisation of the wind-up radio, we're constantly looking into new ways that further innovations in the radio sector could be made," said Mr Blick, who is managing director of Tango Group, which owns H2O.
"We hope to encourage singing in the shower all around the UK," he added.
Update, April 20, 2017, 15.05pm (See bottom of article for updates): Gabriel Wong, the founder of WOLO Life Clock Kickstarter campaign, has published a post on his personal Facebook page following the publication of this article.
Kickstarter is a platform for entrepreneurs to entice the masses to give money so funds can be raised and projects can materialise, all in a bid to make products for people.
Since its entry into the Singapore market on Aug. 31, 2016, local entrepreneurs have been making their mark with ingenious products and surpassing funding goals.
However, as with everything that has to do with money, sometimes things are not all rosy on the crowdfunding scene as it seems.
WOLO Life Clock project
According to a tip-off sent to Mothership.sg, the WOLO Life Clock Kickstarter project has gone silent after raising more than S$30,000 from 118 backers of the project.
The WOLO Life Clock is a reverse clock that counts down the seconds to remind individuals of their life span and the urgency to live to the fullest as the next big event draws near.
Their funding period ran from Jan. 6, 2016, to Feb. 10, 2016, — a total of 35 days — and the product was supposed to be delivered in May 2016.
But May 2016 came and went with no products delivered. Worse, the last update provided by makers for the backers was in April 26, 2016:
The update informed the backers of a two to three-month delay on the delivery of the product due to new partners.
For the uninitiated, products from Kickstarter do not always come to fruition despite the best efforts of entrepreneurs and manufacturers. High-profile failures have happened.
Just that with high-profile failures, there is no running away from the publicity and being accountable to people who have put money into the project.
WOLO has gone quietly
But since no WOLO product was eventually delivered, multiple backers have been asking for their products, or even just updates from the company:
They are also understandably furious, and spoke of legal action:
One of the backers noted that the founder's last login was on Nov. 9, 2016:
At this time of writing, the WOLO website has been taken down, while their Facebook page remains, but with no updates. (Update, April 20, 2017: It appears the WOLO Facebook page has also been removed after publication of this article.)
Who are the founders of WOLO?
Acting on information provided by the tip-off, two people believed to be involved with WOLO have been identified.
This is a photo posted on the Kickstarter page of four people who claim to be friends and who started the WOLO campaign:
The most recognisable person from the group is one Gabriel Wong:
Working 13 hours a day recently but it felt so fulfilling! #iamcapital #lifestyle #wolo A post shared by Gabriel Davis Wong (@lifestyle_artist) on Nov 28, 2015 at 7:11am PST
Life of a start up. Cup noodles 😂 #shopsimple #capital #iamcapital A post shared by Gabriel Davis Wong (@lifestyle_artist) on Nov 3, 2015 at 3:40am PST
Finally the prototype is here. Still have to improve it. I basically have 1896846536 seconds left on Earth to change the world. 11 days to It's the Ship 55 days to my next Birthday 21 days to launch this on Kickstarter #wolo #iamcapital #lifestyle A post shared by Gabriel Davis Wong (@lifestyle_artist) on Nov 9, 2015 at 2:14am PST
The second person involved in the project, is apparently the current founder of DamnWorthIt, a lifestyle site thing:
Facebook post:
According to Google cache:
According to Google cache:
Discrepancies in project information
The responsibility of projects ultimately lie with backers.
According to Kickstarter, projects that appear on the platform are not Kickstarter's responsibility.
The onus of evaluating whether a project has merit and is worthy to be backed falls solely on backers themselves.
And this is where some red flags would have been raised if backers pored through the information available about the WOLO Life Clock.
Firstly, although the WOLO campaign was started by people in Singapore, it is listed on Kickstarter as originating from Farmington Hills, Michigan.
Secondly, a video put up on the Kickstarter page also shows one Jason Miller as from the WOLO Development Team. But a search online does not bring up any matches of such a person.
The only publicly available information about the company behind WOLO is a Linkedin profile
Furthermore, a majority of the S$30,000 sum raised came from two S$10,000 pledges, suggesting that this campaign was backed by institutional backers and not small sums raised from multiple individuals.
Abiding by the Kickstarter logic, having the backing of multiple small-time individual pledges generally bodes better for a project than having a few bigger-time pledges. This is so as having the backing of many people shows the project has wider reach and less risk of a big backer pulling out and causing the project to fail.
One last bit of irony:
We have reached out to Wong, one of the identified persons related to WOLO, for comment and will update this article when he replies.
Time is really winding down.
Update, April 20, 2017, 15.05pm
Gabriel Wong, the founder of WOLO Life Clock Kickstarter campaign, has published a post on his personal Facebook page some eight hours after the publication of this article on April 18, 2017.
He wrote:
Some of you reached out to me regarding an article written about me and my failed project on Kickstarter 2 years ago. Thank you for your concern. It is definitely something that I've been overlooking and pushing away. I've no excuses for it, it is definitely my fault for not handling it properly but for what it's worth, I would like to share what happened and learning points from my mistake so you don't have to make them.
In the post, he gave a few reasons why the project failed and said “it is definitely my fault for not handling it properly”.
He also claimed some 70 to 80 percent of refunds have been made so far and he couldn't update the Kickstarter campaign page because a partner in the United States was in charge of creating the Kickstarter account.
Following the publication of this story, a Kickstarter backer of the WOLO campaign emailed Mothership.sg a screenshot showing a fresh log in made on April 18, 2017, by the campaign starter.
According to the comments left on the Kickstarter page, the last log in before this by the campaign starter was in Nov. 9, 2016.
Any updates about the product was made on an earlier date in April 2016.
A search online for the name “Jessica Pellegrino”, as seen in the screenshot, did not yield any meaningful results that would shed light on her identity or her role in the WOLO project.
It also appears the WOLO Facebook page has been taken down following the publication of this article.
But not before a new update was posted after more than 10 months of inactivity:
According to Kickstarter's official terms of use document, creators and backers enter into a legal agreement and there are terms that govern that contract:
Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. […] If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they've failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers.
According to Wong's post, he is now offering refunds to remaining backers but they will need to contact him personally at [email protected]
This email address for backers to contact the product's founder to seek refunds was also posted on the Kickstarter comments section by one backer on April 18.
If you love food, you'll be glad to know that Nasi Lemak may still exist in 2185
Apparently, this is what the government pictures Singapore to look like in 2185
If you like what you read, follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get the latest updates.
The p2k17 hackathon has concluded, and we have our first report. Matthias Kilian ( kili@ ) wrote in:
Berlin is a strange place. Even if only 90 minutes east from my place (travelling via train), it seems to be in a completely different time zone. So i entered the hack room even later than during previous ports hackathons (after missing the first day completely).
Anyway: my personal rule after p2k16 was: don't look at ghostscript, because it will completely ruin the whole week. So I didn't look at it, but I looked at xpdf again (after some mails on ports@ during the last weeks). Paul and Marc asked me why not just commit it, so I did, with printing not working, which is good for the environment, but not so good for people who want to print a single page out of xpdf. I hope to find a way to get a patch Ingo sent to ports@ working properly.
Still not looking at ghostscript, I switched my ports tree to poppler-0.59 again, trying to find more fallout from the Object API breakage, this time with some patches applied to texlive (which just doesn't build against poppler>=0.58). The build result was promising (I got a texlive build with poppler-0.59), unfortunately, the patches I'm using aren't correct, and pdftex/pdflatex fail for math/R and math/octave (which I just noticed today). So nothing to commit now.
When not looking at ghostscript during a ports hackathon, some productive things may happen. For example, I finally managed to remove meta/haskell-platform (which once was a nice idea but today implies far too many dependencies), update a couple of haskell ports in my tree, and a new (not the newest) ghc will soon enter the repository. And maybe a lot of now unused hs-ports can be removed.
Even if I missed half of the hackathon (because of the above mentioned time zone shift in Berlin -- I almost always entered the hack room after 3 pm), I really enjoyed it. The absolute highlight was Stefan pulling all those ancient Linux distributions from the back rooms of IN Berlin, especially DLD ("Deutsche Linux Distribution", also known as "Reichs Linux Distribution" ;-)).
Many thanks to Stefan and Benno and to IN-Berlin.
Will Hayden, known for starring on Discovery Channel reality show "Sons of Guns," has been sentenced to life in prison following his conviction for raping two women in Louisiana.
Hayden was found guilty April 7 of raping two women when they were between 11 and 13 years old. One of the victims is now 15, while the other is 37. They reportedly hugged each other and cried upon hearing the jury's unanimous decision.
Hayden, 51, was sentenced this week to two life sentences plus 40 years. He is not eligible for probation, parole or suspension of sentence.
The details are disturbing: His now-teenage victim testified that Hayden repeatedly raped her while she was 11 and 12 years old. The second victim told jurors that Hayden raped her in the early 1990s. She was 12 and 13 at the time.
Hayden's daughter, Stephanie, who also starred on the show, was arrested in 2014 on allegations of child abuse. She allegedly allowed her son to be physically abused by her husband. She has said that her father preyed on her as a child, and that her father raped one of the alleged victims "almost daily" for a year.
Hayden denied the allegations. A prosecutor, Sonya Cardia-Porter, called him a "master manipulator." He also faces separate rape charges for a trial scheduled to begin in July.
The Discovery Channel cancelled "Sons of Guns" upon hearing of the allegations and his subsequent arrest.
Photos of Will Hayden
Two days ago, the American Jewish Historical Society bowed to rightwing Zionists and cancelled a play-reading and a discussion of the Balfour Declaration featuring members of Jewish Voice for Peace that it had scheduled for late October.
Two victims of the censorship have now vowed to stage the events elsewhere. Playwright Dan Fishback is raising money to put on his show “Rubble, Rubble,” which itself “explores the ever-widening rift in the Jewish world” over Israel. (More below.)
And Jonathan Kuttab, the Palestinian lawyer who was supposed to discuss the Balfour Declaration with Robert Herbst, a civil rights lawyer and member of JVP, told me that he has made travel plans to get to New York on October 28, with the aim of getting a new venue for the Balfour Declaration discussion. Slinking away without having the discussion would give AJHS and the forces of silence a victory.
“I think this kind of thing should not go unchallenged,” Kuttab said. “If we fold and play dead then they will get away with it without paying any political price. This wasn't a discussion with parliamentarians or UN officials. It was a discussion within the Jewish community about what Balfour means. And if this conversation is shut down, then something is seriously wrong, someone is afraid of the truth.”
Kuttab and Herbst appeared together in a synagogue in Westchester County last November. Kuttab appealed to the Jewish audience to help him build a democracy in Israel and Palestine. This sort of discussion is now verboten at the Jewish Historical Society, which is housed at the Center for Jewish History, whose new CEO is the otherwise-impressive scholar, David N. Myers, whose expressions of non-Zionism, and call on the Jewish community to acknowledge the Nakba, have also come under attack. This time Myers blinked.
“What really bothered me was the heavy handedness of it,” Kuttab said. “Zionists cannot determine what is Jewish or not, or what is acceptable or not, in Jewish circles.”
The Jewish Historical Society initially sought to defuse the criticism by arranging to have a rightwing Zionist figure make the case for the Balfour Declaration, before it ultimately caved; and Kuttab said, “Ahlan wa-Sahlan.” Welcome! “I don't mind if they want to bring someone in. I will talk to anyone about this,” he said. As he respects anyone's right to ignore him too. But at least have the discussion.
As for Fishback, he has lamented the censorship on his Facebook page and at Indiegogo:
On October 10th, I was devastated to learn that a reading of my new musical “Rubble Rubble,” which was to take place at the American Jewish Historical Society, had been abruptly canceled by AJHS's board. Without ever reading the play, they caved to a right-wing smear campaign that attacked me for my non-violent support of Palestinian human rights. On a broad level, I found this kind of censorship chilling. In our time of extreme repression, Jewish communities need to protect dissident voices, rather than succumb to the reactionary trend of exclusion and shunning. But on a less lofty note, I was just rattled as a playwright. We had been working up to this performance for over a year. I made major career decisions based around it. My collaborators and I were shocked and confused. We were so overjoyed when AJHS pledged support for this work. And overnight, it all vanished…. With our without AJHS, this play WILL happen. Our voices WILL be heard. The show WILL go on. This Indiegogo campaign will raise funds for us to mount a performance of “Rubble Rubble” without that institutional support.
Here's Fishback's description of the play:
“Rubble Rubble” is a half-play/half-musical that charts a Jewish family's century-long arc from Left to Right, and explores the ever-widening rift in the Jewish world over, not just Israel, but the purpose of life itself.
Also he said this re the proceeds of the production, going forward:
We have an incredible company and creative team–all of the pieces are in place, and we are ready to start doing our work at the drop of a hat. But now we are committed to making this performance bigger and better than it would have been otherwise, and without a big institution's farkakte $18 ticket fees. Now, admission to “Rubble Rubble” will be free… I, the playwright, will not financially profit from this performance at all. I just want to see it happen in the world! Please join us in supporting free speech and creating space in the cultural landscape for Jews who oppose the occupation.
I'm betting both presentations go off in the end, and gain a spirited audience. Anti-Zionism will some day take over American Jewish life, there can be no question about that. The issue is the pace of that accession. The pathetic response of the Jewish establishment in the character of the American Jewish Historical Society suggests it'll be years. Though I always think of the famous phrase from Sun Also Rises. How did you go bankrupt? “Two ways. Gradually and then suddenly.”
Thanks to Annie Robbins.
Mother Jones writes, "It's not easy to evict someone in California… Generally that's a good thing." But many people who read the article in which this claim appears may reach a different conclusion.
Elizabeth Abel, an English professor at the University of California-Berkeley, rented her two-bedroom home to David Peritz, who teaches at Sarah Lawrence College. Abel didn't bother to ask for references or do much research on her prospective tenant, according to Mother Jones: the fact that he was an academic was essentially good enough for her.
Her trust was misplaced. Peritz failed to pay rent on time, and it didn't take long for him to stop paying entirely:
By the time April 1 came and went without a rent check, Abel had had enough. She wrote Peritz to tell him she was taking him to small-claims court. Around the same time, Abel's neighbors began writing her increasingly concerned emails. One of them had even seen Peritz taking her furniture down the driveway to the office in the garage late at night. They rarely, if ever, saw his wife or son. Abel got in touch with the Kensington Police Department, which sent an officer by the house to talk with Peritz. The officer emailed Abel to tell her that he thought Peritz was "trying to establish squatters rights or lock you out," and that she should have a cop accompany her when she eventually came back home. Someone from the police department would tell her she should start the eviction process as soon as possible. It might take weeks, even months, to get Peritz out of her house.
That's because of California's insane laws governing landlord-tenant interactions. The law protects tenants engaged in the worst sorts of cons—they can essentially continue to occupy a home, without ever paying rent, for months at a time. The eviction process is so crazy, it even formed the basis of the plot on an episode of HBO's Silicon Valley (the episode, according to Bustle, was pretty dead-on). According to Mother Jones:
This process was set up in part to protect tenants from predatory landlords. But in some instances it has provided cover for people looking to score a few months of free housing. In 2008, SF Weekly reported that there were between 20 and 100 serial evictees operating in San Francisco—bouncing from home to home without ever paying a dime. The sharing economy has provided new opportunities for grifters to game the system. So-called Airbnb squatters—like the pair of brothers who refused to leave a Palm Springs condo in the summer of 2014 after paying one month's rent—have become more common. It's enough of an issue that Airbnb has a page devoted to the topic; it warns that local laws may allow long-term guests to establish tenants' rights.
Peritz has been accused of doing exactly this. Someone even set up a website to warn people not to rent their homes to him.
Thankfully, Abel finally prevailed over Peritz (for the most part), largely thanks to a public shaming campaign launched by sympathetic academics—including feminist giants Judith Butler and Wendy Brown. "I will write to every colleague in your field explaining the horrible scam you have committed," Brown threatened. Students have tried to get Peritz fired—and for once, such an effort seems entirely merited. Suffice it to say, someone like Peritz should not be teaching a course on "Ethics and Politics of New Technology."
Peritz eventually vacated the premises, and has started making restitution payments to Abel, according to Mother Jones. But what about all the landlords out there who don't have Judith Butler on speed dial? They are at the mercy of a system designed to protect scammers from the consequences of taking advantage of property owners.
Liberals who support California's eviction policies—including many of the folks at Mother Jones, I presume—will say these laws are necessary in order to prevent landlords from mistreating their tenants: to stop them from evicting people without notice, force them to fix the utilities, and prevent sudden rent increases. But this seems like a case where the straightforwardly libertarian approach works just fine: landlords and tenants should be permitted to agree to mutual terms, spell them out in a contract, and sue each other if either party violates it. The problem with California's laws is that they supersede these contracts, tip the scales in favor of tenants, and enable the kinds of horrific abuses detailed in the Mother Jones article.
In any case, Abel told Mother Jones that she's hoping her ordeal could persuade policymakers to reform Caifornia's eviction laws. It's sure nice to see college professors standing up for private property rights.
